I love going to Helium! Great spot from top down. Food is good...and cheap. Drinks are pricier than a dive bar but, this is no effing dive bar. Service is good considering they have to sashshay around a room full of closely packed people on most nights. TIP THESE GUYS!! Did I mention that you also get to see great comedy!? Might even get to shake hands with a comedy icon. Bathrooms are clean!
My boyfriend and I have been to Helium about 10 times now.  I love to laugh and this is a great date especially in the winter nights for us. I'm disappointed though yesterday was the SECOND time that our food order was forgotten about.  This happened the first time we came and they ended up comp'ing all of our drinks for us (we never received the food), this time they brought out luke warm food with 10 min left in the show (after I had finally gotten the attention of the waiter and he stated.... "You are not the only table this happened too" .....that's wrong?!?!) and didn't charge us for it and gave us complimentary tickets to non special event show on a Wednesday or Thursday.  Ok you did something but the whole show while I'm waiting for my food I can't even concentrate on the comedian because I am to busy trying to make eye contact with a waiter that won't make eye contact with me. Please fix the service here hire more staff.... busy shows need more staff.  This needs to stop happening.  One time ok and I appreciated the free drinks (we ordered a few) two times made it impossible for me not to write this review.
I'll try to keep this simple.  Lots of cheap parking across the street as long as there is no Sabres game the same night.  Food ranges from meh to bad and is waaay to expensive.  Eat someplace else before going to the show.  They were supposed to start seating people in the club at 7 but didn't do so until closer to 715 so that was a cramped awkward 15 minutes.  We paid extra for reserved seats so we were very comfy during the show.  I thought it was a good layout for the show though in general.  Once seated service was fine.  I liked that the clubs lays the etiquette rules right out front for you clearly but unfortunately they don't follow the rules themselves.  Very loud distracting voices from the kitchen during the show.  Overall it was ok but the food and the cost were a bummer.
I have been to Helium 4 times now to see the following acts: Mike Birbiglia, Ian Bagg, Mitch Fatel, and most recently Michael Ian Black. I feel like I may have seen one more but can't remember. Anyways I haven't personally been to a lot of comedy clubs to compare the Helium venue to. Most shows comedy shows I have attended were at colleges or big arenas, so here is my thoughts.... Helium is a nice venue compared to a college gymnasium or a arena for a few reasons: 1. You can buy drinks (sometimes this is not allowed ex:college campus) 2. Its a more intimate space 3. Usually you can see more or interact with the comedian (not heckle but maybe get picked on) 4. You might get the best seats in the club (thats all personal preference though) The negatives of Helium or any comedy club really is: 1. The costs.... You are required to buy a minimum of 2 things off of the drink /food menu per person. This can jack up the costs of a date night especially if you pay $25 per person for a ticket plus food or drink, you are basically looking at dropping $75-$100 dollars... 2. Sitting very close to strangers... personally it does not bother me at all, however I am aware it does for some people. So my best suggestion is to be wise and maybe mention a preference for seating to the hostess. Overall if you can get over the negatives of a comedy club, then Helium is awesome. It has a nice ambiance to it and usually has great variety of comedic performances coming through Buffalo (ex: Marc Maron, Judah Friedlander, Steve O).
The Good: great performers. opening acts are actually funny. central staging set up. comfortable chairs. good price for the show. solid beer selection. nice staff. well updated website. easy to call and get info. The Bad: food. semi chaotic seating process. reservations are useless (as far as I can tell). food.. it's bad. Bottom Line: Awesome time, they just need to work a few kinks out
I really enjoyed my first visit to Helium Comedy Club. I did not eat and I had two drinks. Bill with tip was a little over $12. That's a great deal because the comedy this night was really funny. I saw Pat House and Dana Gould of the Simpsons. House was really good. Only one other comic I can recall can make a hit with a series of rape jokes and sara silverman is a female. Gould was good. But I thought House stole the show. You are squeezed in close to people but it's not really that bad. More space than a movie theater and airplane. I didn't try food but my friend had french fries. Thin cut. I had a few. Food isn't the focus. Servers are busy but ours checked our table twice in the night. I saw great comedy at an affordable happy price. Spending a night laughing is a great way to spend any day. I will definitely go back if the experience is always like this one. This is a really solid comedy club that could be a much bigger asset to that part of South Buffalo if it continues to grow.
We went to see Steve-O.  There is a strictly enforced two item minimum, which is fine unless you are following a clean eating cleanse!  We were able to find a spinach salad...which was surprising, and pretty good.  The waiter accommodated our specific requests without hesitation, even though the etiquette video in the beginning warned us not to be annoying.  The waiter input our order wrong but he was able to fix it right away and give our table complimentary tickets.   The show itself was awesome!  The opening acts were actually funny...I've been to a few shows where the openers totally tanked.  And Steve-o was hilarious.  What impressed me most was that after the show he stuck around and took free pictures with everyone.  Ticket prices were moderate: $25 for general admission, $30 for reserved.  The food bill was $37 (for two chicken salads, and three bottled waters) From the past lineup it looks as though they've had a few well known acts.  You get four free tickets during your birth month.  It's something fun to go do...Definitely worth checking out!
Great show! Saw Joey Dias... service was a little slow, but the drinks and food were great. The place has an great vibe to it. Bar in the front and then seating in another room and they serve you during the show. We need more places like this in Buffalo. Something different to do on a weekend night besides the same bars and restaurants. Get a beer and Quintilla and just relax!
Alright, so if I based this review solely on seeing Mick Foley doing comedy, I would break Yelp and give this place 11 stars.  He is hilarious. However, I'll base my review solely on the venue.  I'm giving it three stars because well, its just alright.  It is crowded and they make you wait in an awkward line well before the show starts.  The food is okay but wayyy too expensive.  I mean, I liked the chicken quesadilla but it wasn't worth the price.  Our waiter was pretty terrible also.  He stood directly in front of me while taking peoples' orders and only came around once the whole night to ask us how we were doing.  On top of that (and I don't know if this is just a common thing at busy clubs) he only gave me the dollars back in change without the coins.  I paid $25.46 for the meal, not $26 like he assumed I did. The tables are small but comfortable with the chairs they provide.  The hosting staff and ticket people were really nice.  Pretty much everyone got a good view of the stage.  The room is set up in a very cool way so everyone feels like they are close to the performer.  Security kept things good and though there was an "etiquette" video before the show started that I usually wouldn't like, I'm glad they included it.   My brother and I had a really good time because of the comedian but the place was not the best.  If there was a bad comedian on that night, we probably would have had a bad time.  I've been to similar clubs in NYC and Helium doesn't make the cut. Finally, this place has good free parking across the street.
I'm disappointed to see the recent poor reviews of Helium. I've been there for one open-mic, and three performers (Jim Florentine, Dave Attell, and Gilbert Gottfried), and have had a blast every time. I have no complaints about the food, and the two item minimum I have never seen enforced. The comedians who are brought in, from warm-up acts to the headliners are all very entertaining, I especially like that they try to use local guys for the warm up and features. The staff is courteous and prices are pretty reasonable. It's a night out of entertainment, you should expect to throw a couple bucks down. I'll be back this weekend to see Rich Vos, and many times after that as well!
Ok, so there's things everyone hates about every comedy club, so let's get them out of the way and assume that a 3-star review already includes: - forced 2 drink minimum, even though you paid to get in - close quarters with strangers - comedians finding it okay to smoke on and off stage as "part of the show" - sub par food That being said, you can then add or subtract stars. So: + good comedians. I actually laughed A LOT - long wait before being seated, in small room with way too many people and crowded bar +/- servers didn't come by very often (inconvenient, but a few got away with one drink) + free parking across the street and along cobblestone - even more crowded than the usual club + friendly management and staff ...so, looks like Helium has earned 4 stars!
When I first walked in I was a bit skeptical.  I mean it was packed, and even though it was 20 minutes before show-time they wouldn't open the doors and allow us into the main show room.  We were packed in like sardines.  There was no way to get up to the bar and order a drink.  I was slightly freaking out. (I'm not a big fans of crowds). When the doors opened and we were brought to our table I was even a bit more skeptical.  Those tables were very close to each other.  The chairs, even closer.  I didn't want to sit with someone pressed against me the whole night.  The table was tiny.  Where was I going to put my food and my drink?  This was simply not going to work. But then, amazingly it all worked out.  Everyone was seated.... and no one was crushed against me.  I was able to breath without having to sync each intake with an unknown neighbor.  The (very friendly) waitress took my drink and food order, and I relaxed.  I was surprised at the menu.  I was anticipating "bar food" and while there were burgers and wings and fingers and fries on the menu... there were also salads, and lots of sandwiches, and even some interesting sounding entrees.  There's a full drink and beer and wine list.   I started with a glass of the Chateau St. Michele Riesling which was perfectly chilled ..... and then ordered the "Mediterranean Appetizer Platter"  (toasted pita, homemade roasted garlic hummus, pepperoncini, fresh vegetables, feta, and imported olives).  I must tell you that I was pleasantly surprised.  It was DELICIOUS!  I mean, REALLY, REALLY DELICIOUS!  Like probably one of the best platters of that type I've ever had (and I've eaten lots of that kind of thing).  The pita was fresh and perfectly toasted.  The hummus was just right in flavor and texture.  The veggies were fresh and crunchy.  The feta was high quality cubes.  And the olives were NOT from a can.  Wow! What about the comedy though? FANTASTIC!  Two warm up acts and then the headliner, JB Smoove from "Curb Your Enthusiasm".  I was literally laughing (and laughing and LAUGHING) out loud.  Definitely come for the show ....... but know that if you're hungry you'll also get a very good meal.
Other than forgetting it was a hockey game night which made parking challenging the evening was excellent.  Good food-had the steak burger with frites.  Comics were pretty good-all 3 had fart jokes-i guess sad to say that stuff never gets old.  The seats, no matter where you are, are good. The acoustics are just right. A really nice night after weathering the blizzard!
So, I'm from the Cleveland area, and i'm a longtime comedy fan. I'm really spoiled by the local scene, but sometimes I travel to other places to see favorite comedians. I made the three hour drive up to Helium to see Mike Birbiglia, because he always seems to perform in bigger venues when he's in Cleveland. I mostly hate comedy clubs: everything is overpriced, there's always some sort of minimum, the wait staff is usually visibly annoyed. I'm happy to report that Helium exceeded all of my expectations. Tickets were very reasonably priced (and paying the extra $5 for reserved was money well spent). Drinks are reasonably priced, the wait staff was very attentive. And as for the room, the seating is comfortable, sound and lighting were good. You can see clearly from any part of the room, too, which is really nice. Birbigs killed it (of course), and I enjoyed seeing some local acts. I plan to make the drive up to Helium again later this summer, because I can't get enough comedy in my life. Thank you Helium for doing comedy right!
New management is on top of it, I was impressed how great the staff was, everyone really bustling to keep customers happy. My waiters, both inside the club and outside on the restaurant patio were great, willing to accommodate requests. The bartenders are efficient and friendly, and the room is great. Even sitting in the middle of the room, you feel close to the performers. I thought the food was good, some twists on your usual bar fare. While people complain about a minimum, a drink and a snack aren't so hard to manage and the prices are reasonable compared to comedy clubs in other cities. I thought that the talent was great. Of course the headliners are, but even the hosts and openers are entertaining and funny. Can't wait until my next visit in town to come back!
I'd come back for a comedy show, but not for dinner. The restaurant features pub food that didn't taste freshly made. My guess is that it's all frozen food ready to fry.
I come here for shows whenever I can. Great comics, wonderful staff, delicious food and ample seating! Buffalo is lucky to have it!
This place is awesome. Great food, good drinks and funny acts. Saw Michael Che perform and he had us dying!!!! Definitely check this place out. Also great before Sabres games.
My brother I went to the early show Friday to see Bryan Callen. The host/opener bombed. The middle gent was fairly funny and Mr Callen destroyed. Truly hilarious. The comedy room itself although it seems tight was very comfortable and the wait staff was courteous. For dinner we had Beef on Weck and it was delicious. My only real issue with the establishment is when I ordered an iced tea for my designated driver it was more expensive than my beer. Thanks for the great experience and I'm hoping to return soon.
Fortunately, we had a lot of advice and recommendations prior to our visit from other reviews and friends who had previously been there.  Due to all this, we had an awesome time this past Friday and everything went perfectly! We had a group of 12 people going to the Friday 8pm show to see Dov Davidoff.  We purchased "reserved" tickets for our group @ $25/person a couple days in advance.  Friends recommended us arriving as soon as possible to pick up the tickets (you can pick them up 2 hours prior to show time).  If you call ahead when you purchase reserve seating they will place your party together.  We had three tables all together in the second row (really close to stage) with four people at a table.  I read previous reviews about the seats being close together so I knew what to expect.  My boyfriend and I were the "lucky" ones who got to arrange and pick up the tickets for everyone.  We went at 6:15pm and figured we would just get the tickets then go somewhere to eat.  When we arrived there wasn't a single person there (besides the workers).  We walked right in to the ticket booth, showed ID, and retrieved all 12 tickets.   Since everyone else in our group wasn't going to meet us there until about 7pm, we decided to just eat and get drinks right there.  There was nobody there yet and this allowed us to get good seats at the bar, order food, wait and have room for friends to join us.  The bartender (not sure of his name) was extremely friendly and welcoming.  Since we were the only ones there he wasn't busy and talked with us.  I asked him what to expect, the size of theatre, etc.  He was very informative.  I ordered a mixed drink and my boyfriend ordered an IPA (Ithaca Flower Power on tap...I think he died and went to heaven).  We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and the chicken fingers with French fries.  They were both pretty reasonably priced for the venue.  The quesadillas $8 and the chicken fingers with fries $10.  The quesadillas were delicious and huge...it came with four large pieces...we couldn't finish them.  The chicken fingers and fries were good as well.  My only complaint was that we ordered them "honey bbq style", and they came out plain with bbq sauce on the side. By the time all of our friends arrived, more people arrived too and there was a line forming at the door.  We luckily still had enough room at the bar for people to join us.  They start letting people in line to go inside the theatre area at 7:30pm.  Since a line immediately formed there as well, we took our time and moseyed on up when the line dwindled.  So I finally witnessed the tightness of the tables and chairs on top of each other.  The chairs were set up in the manner that two were in front of the table on each side and two were in the back of the table on each side.  All the girls sat in front with her boyfriends/husbands behind them, which worked out well.  The size of the table didn't bother me at all because I wouldn't consider eating in there.  I was glad we ate prior at the bar.  The space and the table were WAY too small and I couldn't fathom eating on top of people like that, especially during a show.  My recommendation:  eat before!  I don't know why people complain about the "2 drink minimum".  As a previous review stated, this can include food and drinks.  Also, you are sitting there for 1  1/2 - 2 hours I'm sure you can manage two beverages in that time.  If not, then don't order one in there, just order one at the bar prior to walking in.  The waitress serving in there was very good...quick, quiet, and without any disturbance to the performers.   Josh Potter was the host of the show and did an excellent job.  Dan Fisher was the opening act.  Both were hilarious and I actually enjoyed them better than Dov Davidoff.  This was my first time ever seeing Dov Davidoff so I wasn't impressed really, but I also didn't know what to expect out of him.  I would have preferred the other two to be on stage longer! Overall though, all the performers were very amusing and had the crowd pleased.  I can't wait to come back here!
Went there last night for the local comedy finals...horror show started a hour late...lines out the door,, when we finally got in and settled we tried to get a waiter/waitress to take are drink order...3 separate waiters told us to wait they were not our server....even though they were waiting on what seemed to be there friends at a nearby table.  Then repeatedly The Gm kristen becker came over to try and take our friends seats as they were at the bar trying to get us a drink...which took a half hour.  But Kristen was not nice about the way she handled herself...she repeatedly questioned me...where are your friends? Are they here? Are they in line? I just looked away and ignored her, but she did that many times to us and others...she even went out to the bar and yelled at everyone to take there seats or lose them.  If your going there looking for good service and a fun show.....Then you will only find one here.   3 stars for the comedy only....Had much much more fun at Jim Nortons, and Rich Vos's shows.  But then again someone wasnt there those nights  I wonder who?
Went to the early show on Saturday night, Tammy Pescatelli.  The club was clean and new but a bit stark for my tastes.   The opening acts were average at best but Ms. Pescatelli was very funny and worth the price of admission. Something I didn't know until I arrived was that there is a 2 'item' minimum pp. (This does not include any drinks you may purchase in the bar area while waiting for the doors to open.)  After requesting a winelist in the club and receiving an old receipt w/ 'chard', 'cab', etc... scribbled on the back by the waiter, we just ordered the house wines we previously ordered before being seated.  Those wines cost $9.70 for BOTH in the bar, so you can imagine our surprise to receive a post-show bill for $52 for 4 glasses of wine!!  The $5/glass bar wine was now $14 (Cabernet) and $10 (Chardonney)! After complaining the waiter did cut our bill in half but we were not happy with the 'bait & switch' routine used.  I also spoke to others outside the club and comfirmed that this is standard policy, not a slip up.  They complained of $13 glasses of wine.  Most people were complaining and peeved. No one likes to feel ripped off and this was a huge negative on the night, particularly after requesting a wine list to find one doesn't exist!!  I could live with a club markup but I think 3x's the price is ridiculous!
Went to Helium to celebrate a birthday in our group.  Made reservations and the night started off great.  Then... the place filled to what seemed to be beyond capacity, which made it difficult to eat or even crowd surf your way to the restroom.  The way in which they file people into the theater section of the building is absurd and very disorganized.  As you're sitting there watching a comedian, you have no choice, but to almost sit on top of the person next to you on both sides.   I'm happy to see comedians come into town and to have a popular club for these guys to perform in buffalo, but the building is too small for what they're trying to do here.  Also, happened to go to a show the same night as a sabres game, so had to pay $15 to park on top of this regrettable night out.  Don Rickles, Sam Kinnison and Patrice Oneal will all have to rise from the dead, and perform on the same night in order for me to even think of returning.
This was a fun place - didn't feel too crowded to me and my wife and I both had a great time.  I didn't get any food so can't comment on that, but the drinks didn't seem any more expensive than most places. My one criticism is that we paid extra to get front-row seats and could barely hear.  Not sure if a monitor or speaker broke or what.  It sounded like all the sound was coming from behind me.
I went to Helium last Saturday to see J B Smoov with my girlfriend, her sisters, and their boyfriends. We walked in the main entrance in to a very surprisingly small atrium (considering how big Benchwarmers was) and handed our tickets to the attendant. When Jody G. (below) described how people are packed in like sardines, she wasn't exaggerating. The bar area/atrium/will-call area is suitable to accommodate half of the people that they squish in there pre-show. So after I didn't get a drink, they began to call all of the reserved/ VIP seating, that we unfortunately did not have. This was our first showing of comedy because it seemed that everybody that had these tickets were on the opposite side of the room of the show room entrance. It was hilarious and terribly uncomfortable watching the first, however many people, try to squeeze through the packed crowd to get to the door. After 15 minutes of playing bumper-cars, our section was finally called. We all stood in a line and were efficiently ushered to tables that would accommodate our party size. The few young guys at the door did a great job at moving along this process and getting guests to their seats quickly. We ended up moving two very small tables together to fit our party of 8. There was enough space for about 4 but I'm not going to complain because I would do the same thing if I was the owner. We went through the menu and it was what I expected, filled with the norm grille and fryer food, and over priced cocktails. Again, I'm not going to complain because If I was the owner, I would do the same thing. Our waitress, who was very pleasant, came over and took our food and drink orders. The show started with two local comedians who were absolutely hilarious. They each did about 10-15 minutes on stage. During their stand up, our food and drinks were brought over by a nice food runner. Everything was what we expected so we were all happy. Being Saturday night, drinks were going down a little quicker than usual, but not in any sort of binge drinking/ chugging sort of way. My empty glass must have sat in front of me from the second opening act to about 30 minutes in to JB Smoov. Our waitress was nowhere to be found while every other party was getting drinks brought to their table as if they were with Henry Hill from Good Fellas. After getting that annoyed look from my girlfriend, I decided to ask a food runner if they could find our waitress, which I absolutely hate doing. Our waitress mosied on over to tell us that she was sorry and she just has so many tables to attend to. I was understanding because the place was huge, packed with people and they looked way understaffed. Note to owner- If you want to keep packing in crowds, please put more people on so your customers can give you money and enjoy themselves! Aside from how cramped the lobby was, and how few servers they had on, I really liked the place. Everything was clean, they seem to be bringing in good talent and it's a nice change of pace for the City of Buffalo! The show lasted an hour and half was absolutely hilarious. I hope they continue to bring in big name people and really work on their service, so I can drink a couple beers and enjoy some good comedy!!
This place is top notch. I live in the Bay Area and travel a lot and this place is good as any other club in much larger market areas. Went to see Dave Atell. There was a line but the wait wasn't too long to get in. Got to my seat in a timely organized fashion and had 2 cocktails and a food item during the show. No complaints!! Very well organized and run extremely well. Top-notch keep up the good work!!
I am currently sitting in the club after a 1 hour wait in an overcrowded bar area then a 45 minute line to actually get seated. The seating process is very, very inefficient. This is a "first time, last time" place to go out.
Just to be fair, I have performed here now (MCed a show). But I wrote my initial review as a customer only. Allow me to add another recommendation; the Honey Roasted Warm Turkey Sandwich....WOW! Yummy :)
Comedian was amazing (Hannibal Buress). Asked for bottle service...no dice, they didn't even offer another option. The manager came to our table an asked us to keep it down after we were far from loud. Bouncer acted like managers errand boy and repeated the same message after we were dead silent for 15 minutes. Acts are funny service and management is terrible (we by passed the front bar after waiting 10 minutes... Forgot to mention that) don't waste your time stop in at laugherhaus or iron works (just down the street). Again great comedians terrible service
Love this place! Beer selection is ok, but expensive. Food is great, I love the Chicken Satay.
I've been here for 3 comedy shows now (Jim Norton, Brian Posehn, & Kevin Brennan), so I guess I should probably write a review! Prior to the first 2 shows we saw, we showed up a little early and went to Lagerhaus (just next door, at the end of the block) and we met with friends and had small meals and drinks. Before both times, we made reservations just in case. About an hour before the show, the people from our group who ordered the tickets ran next door and grabbed them from the will call window. No big deal. There was a small line, but it moved very quickly. About 15 to 20 minutes before the show started, we headed over there. As it said in previous reviews, the place was PACKED. They have a system where they call out letters and you can go in based on the letter on the back of your ticket. It didn't seem to matter too much though because it seemed like there was no way for people in the back of the room to get through to the front, no matter what the letter was on their ticket. My recommandation to anyone who is new to stand up comedy: don't sit in the front rows unless you want to be picked on (sometimes horribly) by the comedians. LOL. That being said, I really don't think it matters if you're in the back of the room waiting to be seated. Just relax and go with the flow. It works out fine once you're in there. Also, if you get split from your group, not a big deal. It's not like you're talking during the show anyway. During our recent show, we actually went to Chef's beforehand for a nice dinner (also made reservations). It turned out that there was a Sabre's game that night and we were going to the 8:00 show. I do not recommend this, but it's do-able. Parking was $20.00 in all of the lots around there. If you're lucky, you can snag a street spot where you hopefully won't get ticketed. Be very careful of the parking signs. Columbia has "No standing" signs all along it, but they are scattered and sometimes you just don't notice them (there was one on the ground next to where I parked this last time). As for the service, be sure to place your full order right away or as soon as your server brings you your drinks. If you wait, you probably won't end up getting anything. They seem to be short staffed. As the previous reviews stated, if they had more servers, they'd probably get a lot more orders! We didn't even get food at the first show because the waitress never came back after she dropped our drinks off. The second time we went, we knew better and ordered our desserts right away when she brought our drinks! Same with this last time. It seems like the servers don't want to be disrupting the show and they don't show up too much at the tables when it's going on. Even this last time, there were hardly any people there and the service was the same. I would recommend the Brownie Sundae. It's a pretty good treat if you're just looking to have a little dessert during the show. That's the only food we've tried here so far. We have yet to eat at Elements (the comedy club's restaurant) and I'm skeptical to try it because the place is so new. I like a restaurant to get situated real good before I try it out. LOL. Hopefully some of you other reviewers will eat there and let me know how it is. :) All in all, I really like this place. Great date nights out with the hubby and friends! Great comedians! I highly recommend checking it out!!!
I went down to see Sebastian Maniscalco at Helium back in April and he could have been performing in a back alley somewhere and I still would have made the trip to see him. The guy I hilarious~ I had never been to Helium before this, but found it to be a good spot to see a show. On a side note, Sebastian M made a funny joke about Yelp and those who write online reviews, which was pretty funny. The night we went, Bob Seger was playing at the stadium/arena (not sure what it was but it was a big sporting venue) next door so all the street parking in the area was hogged up (mostly) by his fans. We ended up grabbing THE LAST parking spot in the lot right next to the club, which was quite convenient but cost us $15US but the attendant was cool. He even gave my friend some of his cigarettes since there was nowhere nearby to get any. We could have parked several blocks away but I wasn't up for it in the shoes I was foolishly trying to wear in that night. I don't know that there is a going rate for shows at Helium or whether prices vary according to performer/night of the week, but I imagine it's probably the latter as it would be silly otherwise. I think we paid about $20 per ticket that night, which we had to reserve in advance. If you don't, you run the risk of a show being sold out and having to wait in line, only to find out you're not getting in. Yes, there is a two drink minimum (non-alcoholic drinks are part of the policy) which seems to be common at most comedy clubs I've been to but c'est la vie. You're either in or you're not. I don't usually let two drinks get in the way of seeing someone I want to see perform. Besides: (1) you get thirsty during the show (note that this policy can include food items in place of drinks--not unusual), and (2) it's a night out! If your maximum budget for the night is $10, maybe you should go for a bowl of pho and then go home and play board games~ The other thing is that there are usually a few warm-up acts so when you split the cost of the show by the number of performers (headliner counts as at least two!), it works out to be a pretty good deal! I recently paid $70 to see Dave Chappelle and he wasn't even that funny! The venue is quite nice for a comedy club and what I liked was that it was quite roomy. I find a lot of them really dingy and more often then not, they're overly cramped which was not the case at Helium. It's well-lit (where there are lights), with a calming blue-ish light aimed at the performer during the show, and there's a whole stretch of banquette seating (with tables) along the aisle, in addition to a bunch of tables immediately in front of the stage as well as behind the banquette row. There's lots of space in between (there was that night, anyhow) so that your ass isn't sliding along someone's nachos as you manoeuver between tables to leave the room if need be. Prices aren't totally insane, they're pretty typical for this type of joint. There's a bar before you enter the performance room, where you can order drinks before and after the show, and I don't recall drink prices being out of the ordinary. We were saving ourselves for a late dinner so we munched on nachos which were pretty big and tasted fine, as well as a few drinks--definitely more than the minimum requirement. I don't know what their other menu items taste like but they can't be worse than what we had at Gabriel's Gate! I imagine it's the usual bar food fare. I'm not sure what goes down in Buffalo as I don't usually go for the nightlife, but if you're looking for a night out and not totally strained budget-wise and want a few laughs, check out Helium.
We went to see Tammy Pescatelli on saturday night and had a great time.  The staff was friendly and welcoming to us.  The MC was good, opening act was okay and Tammy was very good, but not as sharp as I've seen her.  Will definitely go back.  I'd like to see a more extensice food list in the theater and more information about Elemetns available.
