The Atlantic was my favorite venue from my trip to Fest 10. I love the intimacy, the large and weird various predatory cat velvet pictures hanging on the wall, the owl that is sitting on the bar, and definitely the cool lights, places to sit, and being able to hear what the hell you're there to listen to. I wish The Atlantic would find it's way to the Pacific side of the country.
One of the first dancing venues I've been to since moving to Gainesville and I must say it's a decent experience at best. Ambiance is pretty fun, and probably the best dancing club in town. It has got booths in case you don't want to dance and just listen to the music; staff is pretty okay, very friendly, no real complaints against them. Drink prices are okay, 4 for a single shot mixed drink with a $10 minimum isn't that bad. My biggest hang up with Atlantic is music selection. People will tell you that the night to go Atlantic is Thursday nights, which yes you should go. But the music selection is terrible and lacking in variety. The worst night was 90s night. There was no variety in the music and it was just nothing but 90s rap. It was good 90s rap, but nothing really else was there; maybe two Ace of Base songs and a Nirvana single and that's it. Compared to the rest of the dance clubs in town though it's probably the best, but it's certainly not the best dance club I've been to.
The Atlantic is the place to go for the best themed nights in Gainesville- whether it is Hair Metal night, Yaght Rock Night, or All Request 80's.  This place really supports the Gainesville scene.   I am an old lady, so I actually wear earplugs here because it can get really loud. The bartenders are sweet, and the doormen are sweet-er. There is a cover charge, even though they must make a killing on drinks.   The Session beer is actually decent and cheap, too.  However, I mostly drink the Crack and Coke (rum and coke) and it tears me up just fine. You can come here for the retro ambiance or the casual hipster watching.  The AC could be a little cooler at times, or maybe just add some more fans.  Plenty of seating and even some hidden dark nooks to make out in.  There are velvet paintings and the most awesome movies playing on the flat screen over the bar.  Last night was Breakin', with a short cameo by JCVD.  Sometimes when I come to The Atlantic, I wonder, "What would JCVD do?" The bathroom has paper towels and running water.  What else can you ask for?
By far my favorite venue out of all the venues in town. It's small. It's dark. It's intimate. It has velvet paintings. It has an owl lamp. They even had pumpkin beer on tap. That might be what my version of Heaven is like. If you can't get to the front, by the stage, there are plenty of places for the short people to stand to be able to see. The sound was great, especially if you wear earplugs so you can hear what's going on.
I can't speak for any of the theme nights but I'm going to go ahead and claim coolest music venue in town. It probably holds about 150 people on a good day - blessing/curse. The Atlantic is a great place for an intimate show on account of their decent PA, decent sound and an interior that makes it obvious someone cares about this place. Some of the most pleasant door people I've ever encountered work here. Not sure how great they would be at throwing out an asshole, but they're great conversationalists and there's always strength in numbers. Unfortunately our tour of Gainesville via The Fest 10 only brought us here once. I'd have loved to come back to spend more time admiring the decor.
This is one of the first clubs I came to when I moved here 3 years ago.  I usually go on Thursday nights which seem to attract a younger college-age crowd. Other nights of the week they act as a venue for bands and sometimes have themed dance nights (like disco or 80s).  The great thing about coming here is that I can dance as crazy as I like and I will fit right in with the crowd!
The Atlantic is the perfect club to go to on a Thursday night. The music consists of well-known songs that are remixed and some indie classics. It is a little on the small side, and it can get very hot inside, but the two stages allow extra room to move around and get out of the crowd. It's a very down-to-earth club so no high heels required.
I always have a great time here. Love the decor. Love the weird movies or cult TV shows playing behind the bar. Love watching live music here. Love alcohol. Just go.
I want to love this place - the music is always fresh and the crowd pure hipster fun - just watching them is worth the price of admission .... but I simply cannot breathe in there. They need to do something to fix the airflow / quality - its beyond horrid.
Not really sure what all the hype is about. I mean its ok just way to small to be a real club in my opinion the music was ok not really my fave but we had a good time anyways. :) The people you go with is really what makes it awesome. ;)
Watch out for the snarky bartenders. 80's night would have been fun without the skunk beer and attitude from the bar tenders. It was like the guy got hit by a nuke on the way to third grade, absolutely no understanding. Fucking Morons!! Please go somewhere else!!
I didn't know Thursday Indie night was Gay Teen Night.
Cover was cheap. Music was surprisingly danceable eventhough I don't usually dance to indie music. They even played some hip hop style music towards the end. It was a not what I am used to but the difference was refreshing. People were rude though. They would bump into you and not even say sorry.
Two nights after arriving in Florida, I am cruising the club district looking for an interesting night...I guess this place has potential, the DJ/performer was doing something that I have never seen Dj's do, which was actually take center stage and kind of had a group of people around him and chanting/singing something.  I was'nt too thrilled, but I'm kind of jaded and having been all over the world and in so many different clubs, not too much gets me going much.  The space seems to be set up for performances mostly, there was'nt that much people for a Friday night.  I guess it must serve some niche of some sort, the front door dudes were pretty informative though, so I'll throw in another star for that!  Cover charge was negligible so that was cool...
This is owned by the same people that own the Top across the street and since the Top is usually packed at night they decided to open another bar.  They have quite a few shows here with both national and local bands.  Like most of Gainesville the shows start way too late for working people (first band usually goes on at about 11 PM) and the club is too damn smokey but I guess that's the audience that it serves.  That said, I've seen some amazing bands and I usually have a great time here (if I can breathe).
Let me begin by saying that I have only visited the Atlantic on Thursday nights which is Indie music night. I LOVE IT THERE! Great music that will not hear at any other bar in Gainesville (ie: Passion Pit, Of Montreal, and Peter Bjorn John). The dance floor is always full of people just having a great time dancing with friends- not worrying about a thing. Everyone is VERY chill and its a very fun environment... probably because beer is free every Thurs from 10-11pm.  As was said, this place is very "indie" and you will not find meatheads or anyone Greek here. The design of the place is very random- there is a TV over the bar (usually playing Star Wars or other classics), garage sale finds all over, paintings of Spanish senoritas and they just installed a FREE fuse ball table. The bar is pretty smoky, so beware of that if you dont like smokey places. Cover is only $3 if you're over 21- which is nice. Previous Yelpers had some bad things to say about the Atlantic, but they visited 3 years ago- things have changed. I love it here and I hope that everyone checks this bar out.
The only redeeming thing this place has to offer is its bartender, Mike, who has always offered prompt and polite service.  That's about it.  The other night I asked for a glass of water (I had a large tab running), and the bartender pointed me in the direction of the water fountain (!!!).  99% of the time you are treated as though you should feel lucky they pay you any attention.  It is dirty, way too smoky, if they have A/C it is ineffective because on top of being smoky it is always so hot and muggy in there. I'm not sure what their intended approach is with their big attitudes and crappy music but it doesn't work for me.  That said, if you like the Top, you would probably like the Atlantic, and vice-versa.  If you enjoy dancing to good music without feeling like you are in a 1970s flashback, replete with kitch and too much smoke, you might have to make some compromises and go the other extreme, to one of the South Beach-wannabe clubs.   A bit of advice--if you go, stay away from the draught beer.  Lord knows when they last cleaned those systems.  If you just can't find it in you to scrape up some extra change to buy something in a bottle, you'll find yourself feeling extra-ill the next day after drinking even just one of those nasty bacteria-filled PBRs.
One of the best bars/venues on town. Always has good sound and good drink specials. I'm not sure what else you want?
