It's terrific to have the Cymplify complex in town. I can only speak for the sandwich shop and coffee store, but both are absolutely great additions to the neighborhood and we're lucky to have them. I can't say enough about the bread for sandwiches, and the chicken and bacon sandwich is just terrific. Coffee is good and the wifi is very fast, with nice outdoor seating. I wish the sandwich store was open for dinner, we'd definitely come and sit outside at night.
I ate at the Cymplify cafe (Fresh) for the first time today.   I ordered the special (cold spaghetti squash with sun dried tomatoes and walnuts) and a cup of soup (chicken tortilla). There was some confusion getting the food to our table.  They first brought us someone else's to-go order before realizing their mistake.  I felt bad for whomever was waiting for that order.  But, our actual food was delivered pretty quickly, once they figured it out. Overall, the food was kind of bland and uninspiring.  Everything needed salt/spices.  The soup was pretty lukewarm when I got it.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing? The place was crowded and people seemed happy to be there. The staff was very nice. I'm sorry this isn't a great review.  I think they can do better, and really hope they do!  Maybe I'll try them again sometime.
I really enjoy this place because it exemplifies what it means to have a community-based local cafe and store. I've only been to the coffee shop so that's primarily what I'll address in this review, but it feels like you're going over to your best friend's cottage to enjoy a coffee and a muffin! So cozy! The pros: The staff is very friendly and relaxed, there's free wifi and always a nice comfy place to sit both indoors and outdoors (and a SWING!), they routinely host community events at their complex, and plus the shop is adorable! Very wide selection of coffees and brewing styles at good prices for a local shop. Delicious baked goods, craft beers, and wines. The con: I really hate bringing this up because I've enjoyed the atmospheric and quality parts of what Cymplify has to offer, but I've been here three times and each time there has been a shortage of pastries! Almost none of the ones they offer on the menu or in the glass case have been available. I want to try more of their baked goods but they're never in stock. The second time I was there they also had run out of decaf coffee beans, while this is an isolated incident I've never encountered this  sort of thing so often at a coffee shop as I have here and frankly, it's a little disappointing!
Came back here for ice cream with my kids after a failed first attempt.  The person serving the ice cream was very patient and nice.  The ice cream was really good!  I love the wooden furniture out on the porch.  Our visit was very enjoyable. Hopefully I will be back soon.
Cymplify is absolutely the greatest!!  We travel over an hour just to visit the store and coffee house.  The staff is awesome.  Its such a great spot to spend a nice relaxing afternoon!!  Can't wait to get back up to Gainesville and visit again.  Been a huge fan of Sister Hazel for a long time.  Cymplify is a great representation of what this band is all about.
Cymplify is awesome! I At the Cafe they literally went outside and picked the greens for my smoothie. If you are looking for Slow Food in Gainesville this is definitely a place to try. Have yet to go to one of the Food Truck Rally's...but have heard great things. The store also has lots of yummy treats and a lot of local made merchandise.
I've only been to the ice cream shop and cafe so far, but both are lovely. I like to sit outside on the porch to sip my chai latte (I really recommend this drink, it is like a big, warm hug). And when I order ice cream I love to walk around the sustainable vegetable garden outside. I have also been to a few events held at the Cymplify complex, including a small Sister Hazel concert and a food truck rally where I got to sample some great, gourmet street foods. Perfect place for dates, studying, relaxing, and great shop to buy gifts for friends.
