I love this place! I can't get enough of it. Shrimp Ceviche and Enchilada Verde, yum! They serve beer but not liquor, that's ok bc the food is great and priced well.
It's not bad. It's not great, but it seems to be the best option for Mexican food in Gainesville. We tried three different kinds of tacos, and I didn't love any of them. The fish tacos were definitely not good, but the al pastor and shredded beef were fine, though both could have used more cilantro and onions. It's cool that you can mix and match tacos and don't have to get all three with the same meat. (Though you can't mix seafood, so we were stuck with three fish.) The chips were fresh and delicious. The salsa and queso were both very good . I was happy to see they had Mexican Coke, but wish they offered horchata. I would probably eat there again if I were really craving Mexican food, but I'd give the tacos a pass and try something else.
My wife randomly found this place.  It was amazing.   Will visit again when in the area.   Food was priced appropriately.   Facilities was clean.  Staff was friendly. I gave it a 4 out of 5 because all the high chairs had broken straps.
Loved the food! The restaurant is super casual and a fun place to be. Only downside was that it took a long time for the food to come out. The tortas are amazing. I'd definietely recommend getting one!
Very cozy and authentic hole in the wall for Mexican food. Dishes are priced about $6 or $7 on average. Splurge for the chips, salsa and quacamole. Everything is made fresh and has generous portion sizes. The best thing is the price: Two people can eat for under $20. Loved the eclectic mix of wrestling masks, hats, calling cards, kids toys and medicines that I've never seen before behind the counter.,
When something good becomes magnificent it temporarily suspends whatever inclinations toward cynicism I may have and makes my mood the rest of the day.  I don't know if I've been ordering the merely good dishes all this time or if they have objectively gotten better.  It was 9:20, about 40 minutes before closing, and I couldn't decide between mole rojo or mole verde (red mole or green mole respectively).  The gentleman behind the counter offered a sample of each which I accepted.  Green was the winner. I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas in mole verde but made with flour tortillas instead of corn (there's something about soggy corn tortillas that I cannot abide....just my own personal tastes).  As the dish was placed in front of me I immediately noticed it was presented with half of a fresh avocado (Hass not Florida), some sour cream, diced tomatoes and thinly sliced onions.  That first bite was unreal.  The interplay of flavors (savory, bitter and BARELY sweet) and texture (smooth & crisp) was spot-on, perfectly balanced;  no aspect was overpowering. The chicken was consummately cooked; juicy, though not wet, and appropriately spiced. I also liked the fact that the sauce was clean on the palate; leaving no coating or residual off-notes once the bite was consumed. It was absolutely magnificent! I asked for chips and salsa to accompany my dish, for added textural contrast.  I assumed they were complimentary; they were not (a dollar eighty one with tax BTW).  However you will hear no complaints from me about it. The chips were sizzling hot, fresh out of the fryer and the salsa was nice and vibrant (though I would have enjoyed more tomato-y depth in the flavor but that's such a minor complaint it was hardly worth mentioning, almost non-issue). I LOVE the fact that I was eating food that, would give Rick Bayless a very serious run for his money, on Styrofoam plates, with plastic silverware and paper napkins!  I love it when the emphasis is, first and foremost, the food.  It's an added bonus that they cut costs with disposable flatware and NOT with ill-trained staff or inferior product. La Tienda has toppled Ocala's Pepe's on my Best Mexican Cuisine In North Central Florida category.
I was a fool to give this place anything less than 5 Stars. La Tienda was every bit as good, if not better, as I remember it. The service was stellar and the food was authentic Mexican in Gainesville. Seems to be run by a Mexican family that is serving up some home classics. Again I say...I DO NOT LIKE Mexican food. And for some reason there are two types of restaurants that Gainesville (maybe more college students) all love. Sushi and Mexican. And if you're looking for the latter, don't look anywhere else. This go-around I sampled a whole messload of tacos. Al Pastor, Carne Asada, Chorizo, Tripe, Beef Tongue, Beef Cheek, and Goat tacos. The Al Pastor is the bread and butter of this place. I loved the mix of pineapple and meat to go along with the cilantro and onions on each taco. The Carne Asada and Chorizo were both good as well as the Beef Cheek. The Cheek was a bit bland but that's alright. The salsa that comes with each taco also helps with the flavors. The Goat tacos, though meaty, were still a bit gamey for me. Beef Tripe was a bit odd. Chewy pieces of lightly breaded tripe didn't really do it for me. The beef tongue is something everyone needs to try. Pure beef flavor without any nasty texture on this taco. I love that everything comes with salsa verde and regular salsa. The tacos come 3 to an order for only $5!! You can get 3 different kinds of tacos too which is the best part. Every taco comes on a corn tortilla with freshly diced cilantro, diced onions, and some lime wedges. That's all you need. Simple and fresh. If you haven't already been here, get the hell away from all these Mexican chain restaurants and go where the clientele are actually Mexican!
Aww.... After reading rave reviews on Yelp, I wanted to give this place a better score. I went here craving some Al Pastor. The Al Pastor burrito was decent, but I think they could have done a slightly better job trimming off the not-so-lean parts of the meat. Whatever they marinated it in was great, but it was just a matter of having to spit out the unwanted parts into the napkin every 5 minutes. Aww... The pineapple chunks gave it a new dimension, which was pretty cool. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… I guess next time I come here I'll have to try their Chorizo burrito instead. They sell ethnic sodas in the little fridges. You can get Jarritos and other brands here. I got a pineapple drink called Boing! Out of all the oddest places, I run into my Japanese professor and her hubbie here. (Which is awesome, by the way, bc I had spent the night before hunting her down with all my might, but to no avail. How in the crazy world did she run into me at this little place?) She came up to me out of nowhere. Lol. I guess she remembered me after all these years. Hooray! Imagine the confusion when I talked to them in Japanese with the Spanish TV on in the background. Que hanashimashita? Mou ichido repitame.
1. Get chips and salsa 2. Get tacos 3. ??? 4. Profit!
Just in case the previous yelpers' 5 star reviews haven't convinced you that La Tienda is the most authentic Mexican food in town, allow me to reiterate the sentiment: La Tienda is the MOST AUTHENTIC Mexican food in Gainesville. And not only is the food authentic, it's good, really good!
If I had to pick a top "style" of food, it would be TexMex. Nobody loves TexMex like I love TexMex. Now, having lived in Gainesville for 5 years, I have not found a decent TexMex place to save my life. Everything I have had has been watered down, skimped on, or just missed the target entirely. However, if I can't have TexMex, Mexican would definitely be close enough. And La Tienda, though lacking in the "Tex", definitely has the "Mex" part down perfectly, and I love it for that. La Tienda is on 16th St, next to the Dollar General. It is painted with muted brights and has a lovely feeling about it. It is unique to Gainesville. The interior feels more like someone's kitchen than a restaurant. There are tables outside and inside (both are great options), and at night, they turn the strung lights on outside and it gives it a festive feel. It is called "The Store" and it DOES have a store in it, all the way in the back. I haven't bought anything from there, but it's nice to look at. They also sell little knick-knacks there, including luchador masks. It can get busy sometimes (esp. on Fri and Sat nights), but there is always room. The first time I came here I ordered the green mole, and I hated it. From that point on, I have ordered the burritos and they have kicked Moes and Chipotle far into the recesses of my mind. And I adore burritos. This time I got the cabeza (beef cheek) burrito with cheese and sour cream. And some chips and salsa. The chips and salsa are a must. They cost less than $2 and the chips are warm. I would pay $2 just for the chips. The burrito is presented on a Styrofoam plate, wrapped in foil. It is about 7" tall and 4" in diameter.  It is filled with your burrito standards (except no salsa... that comes on the side along with guacamole sauce). Their burritos are always spectacular. I enjoy the cabeza most, then would place the pork w/pineapple second, and the chicken third. I always go back to the cabeza though... Service is always great in that the people are nice, polite, and prompt. It is not a restaurant per se, so don't expect that level of service. I always pay less than $8 for a meal I can finish 2/3 of. I will always eat at LaTienda from now on while I'm in Gainesville and need a Mex fix.
Great food, everything is delicious. The tacos are amazing, the salads are delicious, and the quesadillas are amazingly cheesy! The best aspect of the restaurant is that the ingredients in everything taste fresh, the meat tastes lean and good, and the portions for the price are unbeatable!
I have never seen a Taco Truck in Gainesville.  So, as far as I know, this is the most authentic Mexican food that is available in the entire town.  Order off of the menu board at the counter, the food will come quickly to your table, grab some drinks from the cooler, enjoy your meal, and pay back at the counter when you are done.  You will also want to clean your own table and recycle your drink containers.   I am like a kid in a candy store with the soda selection here.  For any of your Coke fans, you know that Coke from a glass bottle is the best, and they have the Mexican formula for it here.  There are also many sodas I have never seen before.  I recommend trying the Grapefruit Jarritos and any of their apple sodas. The main thing to order here- TACOS   They come in three's with your choice of meat.  These are real tacos that come in a soft corn tortilla with onion, cilantro, and a side of lime.  Provided is free red and green salsa.  The green here does seem to have avocado in it, for those of you that are repulsed by avocados, which I do not understand.  My favorite meats were the Chorizo (fried ground pork sausage) and the El Pastor (different everywhere, but here it is pork fried with small bits of pineapple).   Don't expect everything to be covered in neon cheese like many of the local places that call themselves Mexican.  However, you can order white queso here.  The guacamole is made fresh to order, but it needs more garlic and lime.  The chips are also fresh fried. For Gainesville, this is 5 stars, but where I am living now we would give it 3 stars.  Average it at 4.
GREAT FOOD AT A GREAT PRICE! I am by no means a picky mexican eater, however this place really hit the spot. It is the most authentic place I have come across, and will be sure to please any fan of mexican food... especially if you are on a tight budget. Servings are large and inexpensive
Awesome awesome awesome! Clean, friendly workers, GREAT food. My usual food order here is either the stuffed chile relleno, the chimichanga, or the torta. Haven't had too much outside of that, but those three items are awesome! The chile Relleno, IMO, is the best thing they have. It's stuffed with chicken and veggies, and topped with a dark mole sauce. The sauce has a nice heat to it. Every time I order this I eat it wayyy too fast! It's just that good. It is the relleno to which all other rellenos are compared. Every other one I've had outside of this restaurant, in Gainesville, has failed MISERABLY. If you like mole sauce, I would say this one is a no brainer. The Chimichanga is pretty good, topped with sour cream, avocado, and queso. I think the best meat they have here is the steak. The chicken isn't bad but I would say the steak far outshines it. Same thing with the torta (Mexican sandwich); probably the best deal on the menu, fantastic with the steak. If anyone says Napolera or Margaritas has better food than this place...well just look at the clientele. If I was looking for a good burger place in Europe..I would probably go to the one patronized by local Americans. Just sayin. Only thing those places have on tienda is the bar aspect. That Tienda does not have, although they do sell beer. But then again...it's really about the food, not the atmosphere.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place! This is authentic mexican food at its best. I like their guac a lot. I  also love their juices and drinks that you can't find at any old place. Their shrimp tacos were amazing! I also remember bringing my then boyfriend here who was very very picky (and a great chef) and refused to eat anywhere that wasn't top notch. I love their outside seating, and their inside eating has these tvs with this Spanish channel on that is absolutely hilarious! What I love about this place is its dedication to authentic Mexican food. I believe the owners also own las margaritas and lets face it, thats a bit more Tex Mex. I can't remember ever getting anything here that I didn't absolutely love. Let's get one thing straight though. You don't come here for the atmosphere. This isn't the place to take your Alpha Kappa Gamma girlfriend and get greeted by fake people working for big tips. You're not here to be seen. You're here because you've had a long night of drinking (or studying) and you're starving and want something warm and DELICIOUS. Try some of their awesome hot sauce if you're feeling adventurous :-)
La Tienda is my home-away-from home. This is the closest I get to getting home-cooked meals that resemble my mom's cooking. I love it. I come here all the time and I'm more than satisfied with all that I've ordered. I love their transaction model: order & eat first, pay last. La Tienda, I love you.
Ate lunch here yesterday. I realized that this place really deserves 5 stars, which I try not to hand out too often. This place is just great all around. I just realized that this is the one year anniversary of my first review. I've probably been here 6 or 7 times since then and should have re-reviewed it prior. I simply have no complaints about this place, and nothing to share besides praise. And don't forget that La Tienda means 'the store'... meaning, they have a store! You can get a great variety of dried (and some fresh) peppers as well as a bunch of other stuff you can't find elsewhere in Gainesville. It even has a meat department.
order the steak tacos and beef cheek tacos. These are some pretty darn big tacos, being that they are authentic tacos and not the extra large soft shell tacos from a high school cafeteria. The steak tacos were a little chewy and not as juicy as i have had elsewhere. Also the liquid guac was a little weird, oh well i kept it out. Fresh cilantro and onions though. THE BEEF CHEEKS WAS DAMN GOOD! I have never had beef cheek tacos at a restaurant before but an amigo of mine made it for me before on multiple occasions. Just writing about this makes me crave it. damn why do i have to live in seattle. If i ever go back all i will have is the beef cheeks. I feel like i can't get enough of them. oh...and dont go after a game on gameday.....unless you like waiting in line forever to order, then wait forever for your food. PS: the waiter can carry 6 plates at a time, f*cking impressive
Best mexican food in town.  I'm moving and this place is at the top of the list of things I'm going to miss. Do yourself a favor and try different things.  I've yet to find something I don't like.  You can order the tacos with different meats on each one.  I would recommend trying the tongue at least once.  And the chorizo.  And the goat.  And everything on the menu.
Incredible, delicious, cheap, authentic Mexican food. I've tried many of the tacos and burritos, all delicious. The chips, salsa, and guacamole are all made fresh. They have numerous hispanic sodas and beers. There's a great mexican grocery as well. I'd seriously eat here 3x a week if I could manage it. Without a doubt the best Mexican in Gainesville.
Still the best Mexican food in the entire region, if you want authentic Mexican instead of the same Americanized, Tex-Mex you find at most "Mexican" restaurants. Having lived in California, I can say that Le Tienda Latina is just as good as any Mexican place of its style in San Francisco or elsewhere and their variety is also impressive. Despite the vast variety, I most often order the three tacos, add a fourth to the plate, and get two as carne asada and two as al pastor. The salsa roja and especially the salsa verde at La Tienda are fully superb, too. Everything is always fresh and normally prepared very quickly. As the name would suggest, there's also an actual Mexican grocery in the back, too. When La Tienda is busy, however, things can grind to a halt or at least slow down, so if it's crowded, be patient with them. They fully aim to please, but if you're there on a busy Saturday night, expect a lot of little kids running around who are dining with their families, and the time it takes to get the food out to be longer than normal. Also, they may even forget to bring both the salsa roja and salsa verde out (that's happened to me a few times). Please remember this is a family-owned, small, informal, place with very low prices considering the quality. I tend to think the few people who disliked La Tienda in their reviews here may have visited on a very busy night and didn't have the will-power to be patient with them.
The only real authentic mexican food in town.  The food is pretty good, but beware of your tastebuds at times!  Although the prices seem reasonable, their portion sizes are inconsistent with the price.  I ordered some taquitos that were cooked well (but nothing fantastic) which costs about 5 dollars...for an appetizer size. The other times I ordered enchiladas which were huge!   My favorite item that I ordered was a chorizo mexican sandwich.            Very good and very true to the original.  However, it really needs something extra (such as having the bread toasted crispy) to make it excellent.  They serve fresh mexican drinks, but I can only remember that I had a white slightly sweetened rice drink which was good.
Now THIS is authentic Mexican. The cilantro almost reaches out and slaps you as you eat the food. What shall I say about La Tienda? Bad, utilitarian decor? Check. Odd food stuffs and drinks in the coolers? Check. Off beat location not convenient to campus? Check. Cheap and delicious food that makes it worth the drive? CHECK! Its next to a dead Waffle House. The food is outstanding. The food is affordable. The flavors are all fresh and exciting to the tongue. You order at the counter, they bring you the food and you go up and pay when you are ready to leave. I'm in love with the tacos. They have tripe - I'll never eat that, but they have it. The clientele seems to be a mix of actual mexicans and college kids, with a few families sprinkled in. Recommended. Highly.
Holy smokes.... I don't consider myself a connoisseur of Mexican food really, because I like some of the most fake Mexican there is (hello El Toro!), but I have had some amazing Mexican food in San Francisco, and I totally appreciate it and love it and it can't be beat. BUT I would say that the meal I had last night at La Tienda probably ranks this place as the second best burrito I've ever had. You know the place is pretty authentic when half the signs are in Spanish, there's 4 TVs on - all running Spanish shows, and the staff all barely speak English. You know it's going to rule. I got the Chorizo burrito based on a recommendation, and it was spot on - deliciously spicy, but not too much, and no garbage in there, just pure goodness of chorizo, rice and beans. They grill their burritos which just gets lotsof extra points from me. I washed it down with the best Horchata I have ever had - and again, while I'm not the most refined palette around, I've had Horchata at probably over a dozen places, and this was the best. On top of all that, the value is phenomenal - we didn't ask for guacamole, but they gave us a giant pitcher full anyway; the burrito came with more sour cream on the side than I could finish; the Horchata specifically said "NO REFILLS" on the machine, but I was more than willing to pay for a second - yet the guy told me to help myself - score!; and we spent $13 for two people for dinner, and didn't even eat all our food. Pretty sure we'll be back again, and again, and again...
I had been wanting to go to this place for a while now. However, most of my friends are not fans of the place and have never wanted to join me. I finally got the chance this week, though. And I loved it! First let me say that even though I had been dying to try this place, I did not have high hopes. I had heard good things about it, but I am not a huge fan of Mexican food. I like it, but you just never know what to expect at different places. If I had to pick a place in Gainesville to go back to get my Mexican food fix, it'd be this place though. I started with the queso, salsa, and chips. All were delicious, and I especially loved the queso. Then I got the fajitas and my girlfriend got a chicken chimichanga. I tried both and both were great. There was so much food for a good price. All of my friends got different things, and while I didn't try them all, they all looked great as well. I highly recommend at least trying La Tienda Latina!
Drove past last night, a Wednesday at 8:50 p.m. and the place was STILL PACKED. On a WEDNESDAY... at almost 9 p.m.... IN GAINESVILLE!!! Enough said. I'm going back today for a torta, a pound of guac & a gallon of salsa to take home. Should last me a few hours. YUMMY!
This must be a place where you have to find dishes that you like personally. Everyone tells me this place is great and, while you can't beat the prices, I've only had one good thing in the 3 times I've been here. The first time I came I had a dish with shredded chicken that was wet and bland. The second time I got a beef dish that was overcooked and grizzly. The third time they messed up my order. The last time I came they messed up my order and, ironically, gave me a burrito that I actually liked (pork w/ pineapple, which I would've never ordered on my own). I hear there's plenty of good stuff here, I guess I'm just having a hard time finding it :-/
The last two times I was here I was really impressed by the food. Almost as good as all those taco trucks in LA. When I first moved here, I had higher standards for Mexican fare and thought it was just OK. Now that I've been here for 2 years and eaten at every Mexican restaurant in the Gainesville area I can confidently report that it is one of the best options. Great for a quick lunch and a short drive from UF. No fresh horchata but they have bottled Coke from Mexico with real sugar.
I'm going to give La Tienda 5 stars because of their food.  The dining experience might come in at a 2-3 stars, but the food more than makes up for it.   As previous people have mentioned, the price is right.  you can get a burrito(massive in girth and taste) or three tacos(smaller, but still tasty) for around 5 dollars.  You get a lot for your money.   All in all, it's best Mexican food in Gainesville.  Try it. Love it. Repeat.
Visit Date: 03.18.2010 I haven't had authentic Mexican food since when I was back in Atlanta. This place is definitely authentic. I had delicious chorizo (sausage) tacos with limes and avocado sauce, as well as a bottled sangria at affordable prices. I can definitely see myself coming back here often. Also, there is an actual grocery store section, as the name "La Tienda Latina" suggests, which is fairly small, three aisles or so.
Best Mexican in Gainesville? Plus, you can get Coca-Cola made with sugar instead of chemical sludge.
It was our first time here. After reading the reviews, I wanted to check it out. The chips were just made when they brought them to our table. The queso is amazing!!!!! I ordered a chicken quesadilla-sooooo good!!!! The cheese was delicious!!!!! My husband ordered a beef burrito that was huge!!!!! We will definitely come back!!!!
Amazing!! Service and food are both nearly flawless. The food is pretty darn affordable for being as authentic and delicious as it is. They also carry refrigerated treats (the flan is delish!), a small grocery store in the back, and some awesome knick-knacks like luchador masks (full-sized and keychains) that you can buy. Definitely a step above your average Mexican joint in Gainesville.
La Tienda is really as good as it gets. Authenticity is what you can expect.  I remember the first few times we went, we were the only gringos, and other patrons were quite amused with us...but no more!  Now I see mostly the same crowd you would expect anywhere by UF.  Not that it is a bad thing, but they are discovered and on the map - which they SURELY deserve.  Any good secret will not be kept for long! I have never gone wrong with anything I've ordered.  I'm yet to try the "whole fish", which I've heard is amazing. Viva La Tienda!  Viva!
Moved here 2 years ago from the Bay Area Cali, Tried a bunch of Mexican food in town, this place by far is the best. Real Authentic Mexican Carna Asada beef.. Def going to be coming back for more & def going to be telling all my friends to go here. Glad this place open up, tired of the half ass Americanized Mexican food around here, shit is garbage.
Really good tacos for a decent price.  The shrimp tacos were good but the scallops were delightful.  Simple and well seasoned with choice of two interesting sauces in a carafe.  Deli style dining.
Freshly made GUAC! Healthy portions, great value, and authentic. So money! Best Mexican in Gainesvegas.
Excellent. Gotta try the salsa and queso. I love the carnitas as well. A model of "do something simple, do it well." Their ordering procedure is a little wonky, but that's as near to a complaint as I could possibly get. (You order underneath the menu and pay when you're done.) Also, I hope you like Spanish-language soap operas, because the staff sure does. They're always on one of the two TVs.
So in celebration of Cinco de Mayo, iDecided to get some good Mexico food to commemorate the  holiday. After reading all the YELP reviews I decided to come here and was pleasantly surprised that the location was not as far as it looked on the map from Shands! So iOrdered the chips & queso  & fresh salsa with an order of carnitas tacos (3 tacos in one order). Can you say "iQue rico!" iPlan to come back and check out the goods later! :)
While in Gainesville looking for our new Florida pad -- of course I yelped all of our dining plans !!! Great little gem in Gainesville. Pretty authentic compared to what I've had in Mexico and in St Louis (were we live the rest of the time). Hubby got the #9 -- can't remember the proper name -- steak, chorizo, onions and peppers and it was DEEEE LISH !!!! Chips were hot and fresh and nicely salted - salsa was fresh and had a tiny kick -- guacamole was creamy and had lots of avocado taste. The two sauces they brought with the food were fabulous as well and I just love a coke from Mexico in the glass bottle with REAL sugar !! the only slight disappointment for me was my meal -- enchiladas verdes ... the chicken filling was super great but I was not a fan of the sauce ... I'm sure some people would love it but it just wasn't what I was expecting and it had a slight mole (spicy sweet etc) taste that just took me off guard. I won't order that again but can't wait to go back to the grocery, to try the tortas and to have some more yummy coke !!!
My fiance and I have eaten more La Tienda than is reasonably healthy. Our go-to meals are the pollo burrito (his) and the veggie fajitas (mine) though I also order the bean and rice taco salad on occasion. To us the the service has always been nice and prompt (unless they are slammed) the food has always been incredibly good, and the portions more than you can feel comfortable eating in one sitting. Before I came to Gainesville I had never had Mexican food I really liked but this place turned me into a believer.
It ain't the food I'm used to having in california, but it's fair to good. Compared to the typical strip mall, watered-down "americanized" mexican food that is alllllll over Gainesville, this place is pretty darn good.
Continuing the ongoing quest for great Mexican food in Gainesville, the three of us (me, wife and hypercritical son), turned to the "highly rated on web sites like these" destination La Tienda.  We left with full stomachs and mixed feelings.  Here's why. La Tienda is about as low-key as you can get in terms of decor.  The interior is a large space with strategically situated tables and booths with some Mexican knick-knacks around the ceiling.  To order, you approach the counter, study the overhead menu and place your order with some young people behind the counter who add to the authenticity.  After paying,  you take a numbered marker to your table and wait for the food...we did not have to wait long. First out was our appetizer: salsa with chips and guacamole.  This was a good call.  The chips were, well, chips.  The salsa looked fresh and was pretty chunky, infused with a nice level of heat.  The guacamole, served on a paper plate, was generous, chunky, fresh and had a nice touch of cilantro.  Coating a chip with dollops of guacamole and salsa created something almost worthy of a meal; not bad for $4.50.  See the picture. Next was the chicken burrito.  It was of generous size with a warm, fresh flour tortilla wrapper.  Unfortunately, the inside of the burrito was not as good as the outside.  While there was a  sizable portion of pinto beans and rice, their flavors were just so-so.  The chicken, also of generous quantity, tasted like it had been scooped out of metal bowl that had been sitting on a steam table and fell far short of the freshly grilled chicken I expect. The chicken fajita, served on a paper plate and not the sizzling plates we usually see, was decent.  The grilled green peppers, onions and tomatoes had a nice flavor.  The chicken, while grilled, was overcooked and dried.  We asked for flour tortillas, which were excellent.  The fajita comes with two small bottles of sauce: a mild avocado sauce and a red sauce that packs some serious heat.  The side plate of pinto beans, rice, tomato and lettuce is generously sized. We all enjoyed the salsa with guacamole.  My wife thought the fajita at Mexico Lindo was better (and I agree).  The burrito was disappointing.  My son enjoyed the fajita enough that he said if he lived downtown, he would come back.  I hope he enjoys it.
We wanted Mexican near Shands, and Yelp! steered us here.  So glad!  Chips were super awesome--crispy.  Had to get a second batch to finish with the fabulous Guacamole, salsa and queso.  I love chilies rellenos so tried theirs. Not a fan of their version, so I'll have to go back to try the other items that got raves:  shrimp cerviche, burritos, chimichanga.
Good authentic Mexican food at an unbeatable value.  Every time I go, I'm seriously amazed at how little I spent on such a delicious meal.   The service is OK, though most of the workers don't speak english very well.   Word of warning:  If there's soccer on TV, don't be suprised if the place goes nuts when a goal is scored.
Best mexican food in gville, very friendly service and cheap.   I'm not an expert on exactly what 'authentic' mexican food should be but I know this place is quite different from the other places in town in its menu, and is usually full of Mexican workers eating here.. so... The al pastor tacos (pork, grilled pineapple) are an addiction for me.
Moving here from CA, I've been baggin' on the bad Mexican to be found in Gainesville.  Well, no more!  Hooray for La Tienda!  I had the chicken chimichanga and was so deliciously surprised.  It was marinated in spicy yum before being packed, grilled and covered in their own brand of sauce and cheese.  Because it's also (mainly?) a store, you help yourself to drinks and popsicles and queso fresca and the likes  -  I love the fact that you can saunter up to the cooler and help yourself to bottles of beer like you own the place.   The atmosphere is a little lacking, there aren't many options for vegetarians, and you DO have to eat with plastic ware from styrofoam plates, but for I can't imagine a better place for Mexican in Gainesville.  Once the weather cools off a bit, you'll find me dining on the patio frequently.
Mind you this place isn't fancy, but it's surprisingly good...and authentic. They've got cabeza, lengua, and tripas and all kids of Mexican delicacies up in there - not to mention lots of other meat (and seafood) and non-meat dishes.  There's also a nice mix of clientele from different walks of life. I don't know who owns La Tienda, but they're smart enough to have made a bilingual menu with clear explanations of the contents of the dishes. There's even a vegetarian section, and that's surprising to me considering that it's a little restaurante mexicano en Gville. Jump in your troca or ride your bike over to La Tienda and check it out -- I think you'll be happy to try it this place.
Authentic authentic Mexican food, not like the other places that call themselves authentic, but they're really not. Their Chicken soup is great (made from scratch) the Breaded Steak is great (Milaneza de Carne) the Quesadillas are great, and lots more. definitely go there.
Authentic, really tasty and cheap! This isn't a fancy place, but it's clean and the food is fresh and delicious. Order at the counter, grab your drinks and find a table, either inside or out. They will carry your food to you. After you are done eating, stop back at the counter to pay your check. We like to start with chips, queso, salsa and guacamole. The chips are fried fresh, the guac is made to order and is amazing and the salsa is rich and flavorful. Mmm! They offer fountain sodas and bottled drinks including beer. My family likes the steak Chimichanga the best and at $6.70 a plate you are getting a great deal. This is served with red and green salsas, sour cream, sliced avocado, lettuce and onion. They also serve it with a side of rice and beans. Normally I never eat refried beans but these are tasty. This place can get very busy when there are college games. Other times you shouldn't have a problem getting a table. Enjoy!
5 Stars.... BAM. Worth going out of your way for....the closest thing I have had in Florida to REAL Mexican food.    This grocery store / restaurant has all of your normal mexican favorites but the real star here are the tacos.  PERFECTLY made with fresh ingredients in the authentic Mexican style.  Lots of Cilantro and fresh meat and soft tortillas.  Chips and Salsa were awesome as well and they have a HUGE selection of Mexican sodas, juices and candy.  It is a counter service restaurant but they bring the food to your table and they have a limited selection of outdoor seating if the weather is nice.
My husband and I have now been here twice, and it's just alright for me, so I give it a 3. Husband may give it a 4. Maybe I was spoiled with the Mexican food in Southern California, but I just can't find a place that compares outside of the state. This is probably "as good as it gets" at least as far as I've found, and my husband has enjoyed it more than I have (Florida boy who doesn't know what really good Mexican food tastes like), but I'm not a fan yet. First time they messed up our order (he ordered tacos with cheese and no cilantro and they gave no cheese and extra cilantro), so after waiting a solid 20 minutes for our food that was kinda a bummer to have to send back - they still missed the cheese that time, but he said they were good (beef and goat, I believe). I had the enchiladas and again, maybe it's my SoCal upbringing speaking, but I did not enjoy them very much. Edible for sure, just not enjoyable. Second time I had a steak quesadilla and he had the chorizo meal. Their beans and rice are actually pretty good - not as much flavor as I would like, but at least they don't have a BAD and weird non-authentic flavor like the other rice and beans I've had, so they take preference. The quesadilla was extremely rich, so I couldn't finish the whole thing - it was huge, though, and had lots of meat - and legit meat, they don't skimp! Husband enjoyed the chorizo a lot; it's not my thing but from what I heard from him, it was very good. It's worth several more tries for me, because maybe I will find something I LOVE on their varied menu. It's definitely worth going back for us, especially considering we can get a nicely portioned meal out for not too much $. I love their little market - we haven't purchased anything from there yet, but they have some great and authentic products there and so next time I'm looking for a random spice or some cactus or cajeta that's where I'm going.
Best Mexican food in Gainesville. My favorite is the Campechano Tacos. Steak, chorizo, and onions. I add cheese and use the red hot sauce. I am a cilantro hater and it is the only thing I will eat with cilantro on it. It just works well. The place gets busy for lunch. Order to go ahead of time or get there early.
I don't remember the tacos being great here from a long time ago, but on my last visit they were amazing!  I had most if not all of them - beef tongue, beef cheek, goat, carnitas  All of them were perfectly cooked and flavorful.  Between the beef cheek and carnitas were my favorites.  And make sure you make room to sample their tacos by not filling yourself up on their chips and guacamole or chips and queso (hard not to do, I know)! Convenient store and souvenir shop also included here.  No frills resto but it's clean and spacious and still has solid food.
oh, it's good. it's reeeeeeally good. the carnitas? oh. my. god. guac? yes, please. next time i'll sit outside (weather permitting) because the inside was a bit loud. also, still gonna have to get my margs at chuy's- none on the menu here. a must try in gainesville nonetheless!
My gf lived on 13th for over four years and we never ate at la tienda. The shabby exterior and the hidden parking lot in the rear made it look desolate and empty. Then we read some reviews on yelp and decided to try it out. First, the chips salsa and guacamole hit the spot.  The prices were very reasonable. However the carne asada tacos were a bit dry. I did hear that the fish tacos were better. I also saw some friends get the sandwiches. They looked delicious. I still remember the tacos in Cozumel tasting much better but for Gainesville this place has some good Mexican. I would definitely get the guacamole again.
This place has amazing food.  I've been eating there for about two years.  I always get a number 5 which is chorizo with rice and beans.  Most non chain restaurants are plagued with lack of consistency but this place always has the same portions and the same taste.  It's like they have the same people working in the back every single day.  The dining room is a little uninviting but who cares when the food is this good....besides I order my food Togo most of the time.  Definitely authentic food made with real fresh ingredients. Oh and their flaan(sp?) rocks!
I think La Tienda *was the best Mexican food in Gainesville (not that this is a great accomplishment) and I've easily been there at least a couple dozen times - but I've been consistently disappointed the last 5 or 6 times I've gone. A year ago the shrimp diablo (what I normally get) was pretty good - over the last 6 months it's been moderate ... at best. The last time we got food from there I found bits of chicken in my food (a dish that isn't supposed to have chicken) - we found hair in my wife's food. Not sure if they got a new cook or just started slacking off but getting food from there has become less than an appealing option.
Food selections are either a hit or miss. Some things are great, and others are not. Service is crap. The waitresses/waiters always look like they hate life, and everyone in it.
Seriously? How can anyone give this place even an average rating? We've been here for 30 minutes and not one other person has walked in.  The food is horrible. A cheap frozen dinner would have tasted better. Service was fine but it should be when you are the only customer in the place.
This is the BEST Mexican food in Gainesville!  The best tacos and Chimi's in the Ville.  The queso is to die for also.  And CHEAP!  They know and appreciate that they are in a college town and food is priced accordingly. I always order the shredded chicken chimichanga (with queso on top!) or the carne asada tacos.  And of course- a side of chips, salsa and queso.  You can't go wrong.  I've never tried anything that I didn't like, but these are my absolute favs.   I believe that the salsas are all made in-house.  They are great.
I guess this is the most authentic Mexican food in Gainesville, and it's super-cheap, too.  Stick with the basics--tacos, burritos, quesadillas, sopes, etc.--and you can't go wrong.  We came in at 9pm, and at  first I ordered a dinner plate, "Costillas de Res," but had to send it back and replace it with tacos because the the beef ribs had dried out and resembled beef jerky.  I would have tried the Caldo de Res, but they had run out of it, and I still want to order it next time because it's hard to ruin soup (which doesn't dry out)!
Now don't get too excited, folks. Yes, it's pretty authentic for Gainesville, but we must not forget that isn't saying much.   The food was OK. They use real cheese and not that neon-american plastic crap. The chips and salsa were good and the portions were right for the price.  My enchiladas were pretty bland, and they sat in my stomach like a bag of rocks. I shall continue my quest for decent, flavorful mexican food in Gainesville...
BEST MEXICAN FOOD EVER. Enough said. The chips, salsa, and guacamole are always fresh and delicious.  There isn't really an atmosphere here, but it's cool to see all the different drinks and deserts you can get, along with other trinkets you can buy at the register.  The prices are cheap for the portion sizes, and for the picky eaters, they use white meat for chicken dishes. Meals come with two sauces, a spicy avocado cream sauce and a smoky really spicy red sauce.  Both are good! I've never had a bad meal here, but the quesadillas are my favorite.  After my bf ate here, he refuses to go to any other Mexican place!
More of a 2.5 star rating here. Was 3 stars 1 year ago. But we went again a few weeks back and things seem to be slipping a little. Not much. Just things like they used to have the green guac sauce on the table for you, not it's no where to be found. Their Mexican food is very good. No complaints. Price is right. This place is always hopping, because they are so consistent and have Taco Bell prices. They sell beer, so you get a lot of college kids coming buy for their beer and tacos. Again, no complaints. Good traditional corn style Mexican food. We go back about every 3 to 4 months, and never walk away saying we shouldn't have come. It's just good average Mexican food.
Great tacos! I've had the al pastor, chicken, carnitas and loved them all. My wife had a chicken chimichanga and loved it also. The red and green sauce you get in carafes with tacos is amazing. The salsa that comes with chips and salsa is not that good, so use the sauce from the carafes. I try to eat here anytime I am in Gainesville.
The closest to authentic tacos in gville. Got the steak and beef cheek tacos. The steak ones could use a little work with season and texture. But the beef cheek tacos were surprisingly very tasty. Great place to go with a group of  people to hang out and enjoy some authentic tacos.
Love this place.  Great price, authentic flavored, enjoyable casual atmosphere.  If you want good Mexican this is the place to go.  Try the pork tacos "al pastor"
I'm lucky to be Los Angeles born and raised, and this is the first Mexican restaurant outside of California that has truly impressed me. The rice, beans and tortillas were perfect, and the huevos con chorizo were delicious too. The rest of my party of seven were equally pleased with their food. If you want Mexican food in Gainesville, don't think about going anywhere else.
Wow! This takes Mexican to the next level. The food is delicious and always fresh. Unlike plenty of other Mexican restaurants, the menu is incredibly large and surprisingly diverse. Apart from the typical fixings, you can get Peppers stuffed with queso covered with mole sauce (incredible) or even Mexican eggs. They have tons of tropical drinks and beers in two large cases. It has a very homey feel and the staff is very friendly. There's something about paying after you eat that just shows they are confident with their product. And it's cheap. La Tienda is a gem!
No doubt a solid choice for authentic Mexican food if you're in the Gainesville area.  In a bit of a sketchy part of town, this place is consistently good.  It's a pretty homey atmosphere, nothing special at all. Ordered the bistec a la mexicana and found myself pleasantly full at the end of lunch.  Not too spicy, but with the help of some additional salsa the waitstaff brought out, I gave it a little boost. The rice they give you on the side was also better than most other mexican joints, which is notable. One of the waitstaff thought I looked like a spanish soap opera star?  Yikes. I'll work on my espanol for next time. Minus 1 star for the lack of free chips/salsa (co-worker said he had to order it).  Also not quite excellent enough for 5 stars since there's a place or two back home that does it just a bit better.  This is one of the places that will make the weekly travel Gainesville every few weeks for the next couple of years that much more bearable.
Never had a disappointing meal there. If you want to have the most authentic Mexican in Gainesville, this is your place. There is not a bar, but their beer selection is more than sufficient to help wash everything down. Service is friendly and fast. La Tienda also has a mini-grocery on site as well. Handy for finding items that are not readily available in your chain grocery store.
There is absolutely nothing I do not LOVE about this place. Everything is cooked to order and it is truly "Fresh-Mex". It is such a stark departure from the chain Mexican restaurants where everything taste the same, but just in different packages. I can honestly say that I would drive to Gainesville from Orlando just to eat here. The staff is always pleasant and friendly, and they have a great assortment of Mexican sodas (including Mexican Coke with real cane sugar, rather than that high fructose corn syrup crap).
I just need to reiterate how amazing this place is... they have great gluten-free options.
La Tienda Latina is probably the best mexican food in town. They have great alternatives for herbivores and carnivores alike. I also like the vast drink choice they have. Their refrigerators are filled with various bottles of mexican soda pop, aloe water, coconut water, etc. I've tried numerous things here: 1. Cactus Quesadilla: 3.75/5 - I've never had cactus before so it was cool to eat. Because of the flavor and amount, the cheese was a little overwhelming; but overall it was good and fun to say "I've eaten cactus before!" 2. Fish Tacos: 4/5 - The fish tacos are good. They are a little bland, having only cheese and lettuce on them, but if you squeeze some lime and put some salsa/ guacamole on them they come to life. 3. Chicken Burrito 4/5 - Pretty standard but still delicious. All in all, it's a fun place to eat, sit outside if it's nice. Also, your food will come with salsa and a guacamole blend. Also, pay a visit to the market in the back of the store. They have some good stuff back there.
Fresh. Tasty. Best guac in town. Chips and salsa rock. Chicken salad is delicious. Tacos are yummy. Friendly service. Busy at lunch and worth it. Casual and inexpensive for the quality.
hands down the best Latin food I've ever had at a restaurant. Food tastes so fresh and their chips are delicious. Prices are very reasonable. I would highly recommend the chimichanga meal.
Really good chicken burritos and stuffed jalpenos. Would love to eat here again. Inside is part quick store (with traditional mexican items, candy, drinks, jewlery, toys.)
When I have a really terrible experience or am simply underwhelmed by a restaurant, I tend to rush home and yelp! about it immediately, while the scorn is still fresh.  On the other hand I like to visit a restaurant that I like a few times before yelping so that I can write a balanced review.  Every so often, however, I will eat at a restaurant that provokes the same passion that a bad restaurant provokes, love instead of hate.  La Tienda Latina has provoked such a reaction.   I literally just finished eating at La Tienda for the very first time and am so hysterically pleased.     I should begin by saying, like so many other yelpers, I HATE "Mexican" food.  By "Mexican" I mean the awful Americanized version of Mexican food.  I hate the plastic cheese covered and filled tacos, enchiladas, fajitas etc that create a feeling of shame and nausea simultaneously.   I live very close to La Tienda Latina, and my fiance has been begging me to go.  I always convince him to try somewhere else because I dread the idea of being force fed heated up Sysco burritos.  Tonight, however, I was forced to concede.   I marched up to the front door of La Tienda, pouting partially because I was about to eat "Mexican" food, and partially because I my skills at coercion were obviously slipping.  Upon opening the door I was confronted with the wonderful smell of slow cooked meat, chorizo and chilies.  I thought "Oh boy, maybe this is going to be wonderful".  It was.  I ordered the Pork Tamales, a special that is only offered on the weekends.  I received beautiful, handmade looking tamales with dirty rice and refried beans topped with queso blanco.  Not only were these babies beautiful, they were absolutely delicious.  The pork filling was tender and flavorful with the perfect amount of spice.  I could have eaten an entire plate of just the pork, but it was cocooned in the ideal ratio of masa harina.  The tamales were so tender that I could easily cut them with the side of my plastic fork.   Obviously my dinner was delicious, but Dan's dinner was on a completely different level.  He ordered the Plato Campechano.  The girl behind the counter recommended it as one of the best items on the menu.  She also recommended other dishes that seemed more American friendly, but Dan is adventurous and ordered the one thing he was less comfortable with.  His courage did not disappoint.  Campechano is pieces of beef sauteed with chorizo, onion and green peppers.  This may sound boring, but it has an ever so slight hint of cinnamon that drove my taste buds wild.   Throughout the course of the entire meal I kept saying "Oh my God, this is so good, this is SO GOOD!"  Dan, who shares my love of food but lacks my enthusiasm chuckled slightly and smiled in agreement, and mentioned that maybe we should go back in a few hours before they closed.    It has been 30 minutes and I am still riding the high that a wonderful meal can cause.  I have officially become a die hard fan of La Tienda Latina.
I really love this place, it is the most authentic Mexican place I have found this side of Mexico or Homestead. There are a lot of Mexicans eating there, so it must be like home. Their Chirizo burrito is awesome and they have the best guacamole around. While you are there you can watch Mexican TV, buy a Mexican phone card, nicknacks and they even sell American perfume. They have a nice outdoor seating area also.
The most authentic mexican food in Gainesville. My favorite is the torta cubano. three kinds of pork, fried egg, and avocado  on awesome bread.If you haven't gone it is a must in gainesville, you can also practice your spanish here!
ok...so i'm from miami so i know EXACTLY what authentic latin food tastes like. This place is literally the best mexican restaurant in Gainesville and probably the whole north Florida!! Their spanish sausage is to die for!! You must order this with the burrito or with tacos...yum yum yum!! Also their guac is amazing too!! I really can't get enough of this place...plus its super cheap!! :)
Boo on Brice O. for eating my al pastor burrito and then daring to give La Tienda only two stars!  This outrage must be rectified immediately!  We shall be going to La Tienda to make amends shortly.  :D
Fresh, authentic food for fast-food prices - you can't beat it! This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in town and had a great mix of classics like quesadillas and tacos and burritos as well as "real" Mexican food like pastor and mole and menudo. The chimichangas here are the absolute best! Can't go wrong. If you come through town, don't miss this place!
Best Mexican in town.  My boyfriend is obsessed with it and would like to eat here on a daily basis. Food is always good and quick.  Staff is nice.  The price is right.  The homemade sauces that they bring out with every meal are sooooo good.  Don't have any complaints.  TRY IT!
This has to be the BEST Latin food in Gainesville. It's cheap, and authentic. You may not like the wait time for the food but it is well worth the wait. The food is always cooked fresh with real ingredients. No processed food. It's a great value and healthier then the processed alternatives. DO NOT order multiple plates unless you are sure you'll finish it or take it home. For instance, a quesadilla is loaded with chicken and cheese by itself. If you add more to it, you might not finish it because they are huge and loaded well for the price! The three taco plate will definitely fill you up. I say start with one plate and then gauge yourself from there. You will not be disappointed!
This is probably as good as it gets in a college town like Gainesville.  What more can one ask for in a college town?  Food served is fresh, tasty, and healthy.  Unlike plenty of college food joints, this place delivers QUALITY.  Service is above normal, very courteous and engaging staff, take a bow folks.  Clean bathrooms to boot.  The ambience is unpretentious, nothing fancy or trendy, but nice/comfy.  As for some of my favorites, forget the burritos/tacos (still good though).  Try their Tortas (sandwiches) and Tamales.  These Mexican sandwiches are very delicious, as good as the ones I have had in Calif.  Tamales, worth the extra wait when it's available.  La Tienda, may you continue to prosper and hopefully some day, the rest of FL will get a chance to sample your awesome food.
Best fish tacos in Gainesville and a really cool, authentic atmosphere. They have beer and Jarritos to drink, and the best part: LOTS of free salsa. This is also where I buy ALL of my long distance phone cards. You never know when you'll be at a phone booth without any quarters and needing to contact someone in Costa Rica.
Just went here today after reading all the reviews here. I had a pretty good experience. It's definitely hole in the wall but kept up very nicely. Clean and spacious. Service was quick and pleasant. Ordered the Menudo, which is only available on weekends (Sat and Sun), which I've been dying to try and never found a place that had it. It was pretty good but it's definitely a textural smack to the face. For those of you aren't familiar, it's a spicy tripe soup. LOADED with tripe, honeycomb tripe, stomach, feet.. the portion was huge. I could only eat half but it didn't even look like I made a dent in my bowl. Came with a side of cilantro, raw onions, limes, and chili powder to add to it. Very, very tasty but just eating nothing but gelatinous tripe kinda gets to you eventually. It came with a side of tortilla but I needed something else, maybe some rice or something. I wouldn't recommend it for someone not familiar with tripe, I've been eating tripe all my life and even it was a little bit much for me. Boyfriend ordered the chili rellenos, also spicy. Menu said it was jalapeno, but it seemed bigger like a poblano.... but it was definitely spicy. It's topped with a red mole sauce, which I haven't had too many moles so can't vouch for the authenticity of it. He got refried beans which were topped with what seemed like parmesan and plantains, the best I've had. His came with a side of tortilla as well, which helped buffer the spiciness for him. Everything but the menudo was served on disposable plates. You pay after you eat at the counter and there's some desserts in the fridge case. We were too full from the meal but I couldn't resist trying the flan, which was very thick and caramel-ly, definitely heartier than the typical flan but very satisfying. Definitely come here for authentic Mexican food! I'm very excited to come here again
A total surprise!  Finally Mexican food that is authentic and good. The looks of the place makes you want to walk out. But don't the food is worth the hole in the wall look of the restaurant.
Reasonable prices, extensive selection, and fantastic veggie options.  They bring out miniature carafes of salsa and an avocado mixture (does it qualify as guacamole? to me it qualifies as AWESOME) with your meal.  You can taste the individual spices rather than being either overwhelmed by one or having to search for any flavor at all.  Love it.
I've been going to La Tienda since it opened. Best (central) Mexican in town. I love the ensalada con pollo (salad with sliced chicken) which is very light and delicious since the chicken is tender and deliciously flavored. I've always had a good meal and great service here.
So as I entered the world of Yelp I questioned the accuracy of reviews. Then I saw that the highest rated place for food in Gainesville is some Mexican restaurant that I had never heard of in the 9 years of being here. With other places I revile getting 5 star reviews I was suspect to say the least. So alas, one day I decided to try this famed La Tienda. I should also add that I loathe Mexican food and have never liked it anywhere else in the world I have tried it. I stepped into La Tienda for lunch with some coworkers, was blown away by the menu and ended up getting a Torta (Mexican sandwich). *END SCENE* 4 consecutive lunches later I was at La Tienda ordering a different item. This place blew my mind. The staff is friendly and helpful, the ambiance is great (always soccer/futbol on), the pricing is perfect and most importantly the food is spectacular. I could not agree with Yelp more. This place is a must eat. Authentic as it gets and better tasting food than almost everywhere else in Gainesville. I have taken friends from Philly, Tennessee and South Florida to this restaurant and they have all been blown away by it as well. This might be the second 100% (IMHO) restaurant I have ever been too.
La Tienda is one of the best Mexican Restaurants in Gainesville. It is quick and cheap and the food is always delicious! I highly recommend it for anyone looking for some authentic Mexican food.
Tacos, tacos, tacos.  I hadn't been here before but now that I have been I'll definitely be back.  The tacos were great and the price was very reasonable.  Great work.
Best Mexican food in Florida and great service!
I'm from CA and then lived in TX for 6 years...so I know good Mexican food. I just moved to Gainesville and was depressed that I would have to cut back on my mexican food addiction but this place is awesome and very authentic. Really fresh ingredients cooked to perfection.  I'm obsessed!!! Everything I have had is great!! Also, they have a great vegetarian section which involves REAL food, not BS tofu/tempeh burritos...if you are looking for great mexican food this is the place!!
My favorite Mexican restaurant in Gainesville.  The food is as authentic as it gets.  Try their burritos and tacos.  They have a little market in a room behind the restaurant.  Great place to pick up some goodies if you're planning on making a good old-fashioned Mexican meal or hot sauce.
First time here to eat and it was really good. The menu is so big it took a few minutes to decide what to try first. The chips with queso/salsa/guacamole is a good deal. The guacamole was the best I've ever had. Also we had the steak and chorizo torta, which was delicious, and the grouper combo, also delicious. Everything was so fresh and it came out of the kitchen quick. Great mexican beer selection as well. I will definitely be coming back here and bringing others with me. I should also note, the shop they have set up in the back is a nice touch. You can buy their homemade chorizo, and other things, for really cheap. Worth checking out sometime. Can't wait to try the cactus and the beef cheek.
I can't give a place 5 stars when I've only been once, but La Tienda was pretty much everything I could ask for from a Mexican food joint.  Really friendly, which helped because the way you order is a little different from most sit-down Mexican restaurants (you go up to the counter and order and then go sit a table).  My girlfriend got the chorizo con queso and absolutely loved it (the "bomb diggity" in her words).  I really liked mine as well (the enchilada or maybe chimichanga?--Mexican food is about all the same).  You can substitute fried plantains for the refried beans for like $0.20, which I highly suggest.  Chips and salsa cost a little extra, but were well worth it.  Portions are good too--I had leftovers and that doesn't happen often.
This place is the REAL deal- authentic Mexican w/ unbeatable prices. I highly recommend this items; Alambre, Torta Cubana (w/ queso), Chorizo con queso, if you're up to a hearty meal, and the Tacos Campechano, if you want something full of flavor but on the lighter side. The Torta Cubana doesn't sound good on paper, but it's out of this world- highly recommend it if you've never tried it. Also, The Enchiladas have a strong mole sauce- it is overpowering and I do not recommend it over other things on the menu. Make sure to look at the Specials on the little chalkboard- they usually have awesome plates that are seasonal. They have great customer service w/ a friendly staff & their facilities are always clean. I eat here with my friends 2-3x a week sometimes! There's also $2 beer specials that'll go great with the Chips w/ queso or guacamole.
This is one of my favorite haunts, the chipotle and guac is made fresh and comes with every meal. Not many places in Gainesville serve mole dishes and this is one of their best ! The red or the brown ( traditional) is awesome. Their Chimichanga is out of this world ...yum -my ! I am recently a new vegetarian and I have plenty of choices here and all for under 8 $ a plate. My BF and I go here and our bill is never over 25 $. Give it a try , not the most ambience a place could offer but it is a nice hang out with authentic Mexican flare!
My favorite Mexican restaurant in Gainesville. Definitely not fancy. You order at the counter, and they bring it to your table. Plastic plates and plastic ware.
I miss you! Authentic. Delicious. Bargain. How can you not love any place described by those three words? You'd thinking moving to California, the Mexican food would be better here...seeing as I'm much closer to Mexico now? Nope! I ate here while in college once a week on average. My favorite dish was the bistec ala mexicana, which comes with homemade tortillas. If memory serves me right it was one of the most expensive items on the menu, running me $6.50.
There used to be no authentic Mexican restaurants in Gainesville but then La Tienda opened up.  As a vegetarian they don't have a lot of options but what they do have is delicious and I wouldn't advise looking in the kitchen if you're in the least squemish about meat.  I saw a table covered in meat piled *very* high.  I think they have the best burritos in town (put on some red sauce) and the vegetarian burrito isn't even listed on the menu but they make it for me with grilled vegetables, rice, beans and a grilled tortilla.  Goddamn!  You don't need to go eat a corporate burrito (Moe's and Chipotle suck).  Their menu is huge with tortas, burritos, tacos, quesadillas, enchiladas but as I said there aren't many options for vegetarians.  They have a Mexican grocery with fresh meat, vegetables, spices, etc.
Yum! The mole sauce made the chile relleno worth the trip.  Found it on Yelp on the way to Orlando.
If you want some authentic Mexican food, La Tienda is where it's at. Prices are cheap and you get a lot. I love that their salsa is always fresh and chips are always warm. The steak chimichanga is delicious and it's packed with meat.  A must try place in Gainesville!
The best Authentic  Mexican I have ever had! This is no Tex-Mex, it's the Real Deal! I've had the tacos, burritos, and enchiladas. All are delicious!!! The torta has to be the best sandwich ever, from the fresh baked bread to the fillings inside! I usually get the chicken with a little chorizo on it!!!!!
The bf and I were craving a little Mexican so we headed to La Tienda for some authentic cuisine. We ordered the chips and salsa with a side of guacamole. The chips were warm, the salsa had great flavor, and the guac was made fresh after we ordered it. My boyfriend was feeling adventurous and had the beef tongue taco, churrizo and beef burrito. I had chicken enchiladas w/ verde sauce topped with cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and avocado (money!) and side of fried plantains. My enchiladas were delish and the verde sauce gave everything a sweet goodness. The plantains were cooked to perfection and tasted great. Ry said he really enjoyed his beef tongue. (I tried it--not too bad for tongue!)
At first my bf and I were thinking La Tienda would be a sit down restaurant, but were pleasantly surprised by the relaxed atmosphere. After you make an order, your food is delivered really quickly! Everything we had was delicious, the quesadillas were huge, so bring an appetite! The sauces they serve are spicy but very tasty. Recommend la tienda for a casual evening and of course some futbol or other sports events en espanol!
Great authentic Mexican food. It's not your Americanized type of food. Large portions, quick service, the queso is great. I personally don't like mole sauce but my friends and family say it's great there. The meat tastes great and nothing is ever bland and always fresh.
Thank God for La Tienda. Having grown up in the Southwest, my standards for good Mexican food are extremely high and La Tienda doesn't dissapoint. Authentic and tasty food (except for the gross mole enchiladas) but don't expect the kind of canned atmosphere you'd get at a chain. It's all about the food and the real vibe here. Vegetarians need not apply.
My favortie mexican restaurant in this country. Order anything and you won't be dissappointed. I love the quesadillas and tortas. Plus, "la tienda" in the back houses some great mexican meats and candies I don't get anywhere else
A real treasure, just be warned the spicy dishes don't fool around and ladies may be checked out by the migrant workers at lunch ;) Limited veg. options, but everything is great.
Best Mexican in Gainesville. Best selection for Vegetarian Mexican. Best Guacamole in town.
After reading all these great reviews and remembering how good it was years ago, I decided to go back to La Tienda again. I was surprised! I had a chicken enchilada with mole sauce that was bad; so bad I actually couldn't finish it. But my friend had the steak quesadilla which was so good I ate the leftovers for lunch the next day -- a warning to folks who leave leftovers in my refrigerator! The atmosphere was great, but the service was just okay. I suppose I'll give it another shot since I trust my fellow reviewers, but I'm not jumping on the La Tienda bandwagon just yet.
La Tienda is about as close as you are going to get to "great Mexican food" in Gainesville.  Look for a small building wedged between two closed businesses on SW 13th St, it definitely deserves a visit.  You need to place your order at the counter but they will bring the food to your table.  Look for the small blackboard for their daily specials.  Their tacos carne asada are the best in town, the Menudo is wonderful (specially after a night of drinking).  I would say anything on their menu is worth having. Great food for under $10 a person.
This is as authentic mexican as you can possibly get anywhere. I've lived in Los Angeles where authentic mexican is easier to find than g'ville fl. but these guys compare very well. I've had many dishes off their menu and they've all been delicious. If you're an omnivore, try the goat, sp 19. its a gem that is hard to find anywhere else in town. if I go too long w/o La Tienda, my biological clocks nudges me, saying 'it's time.'
Great food!  One entree is good for 2!  Add the chicken soup!
Typical. Nothing outstanding or beyond anyplace else I've had. They put mole sauce on my relleno, which I wasn't fond of - it was a huge pepper, though, so that counts for something. The chicken enchiladas could've been microwaved. $15 for those two plates while other places have combo meals for much cheaper. Southern CA has jaded me towards other Mexican food. Would I come back? Not going out of my way. In fact, I've already forgotten which place I'm reviewing right now.... ah. Um.
Absolutely the best Mexican food I've ever had. It's cheap, fast, friendly and you have a ton of options. The chimichanga al pastor is my favorite and definitely get an order of guacamole. I make it a point to go here every time I'm in town.
Best mole I've had outside of Oaxaca, and I'm thrilled to find such a great Mexican restaurant in Gainesville after living in San Diego. The Chile Colorado is fantastically spicy, and the guacamole is out of this world.
You know a place has a great food when there are different types of people eating. The variety of ages and faces in the seats, I believe tells a lot about a restaurant's quality and service.  This place has great authentic Mexican food.  The chips are always warm and the salsa is deliciously perfect.  Food comes out fresh and fast.  My two favorite things when I eat lunch.
Ate here this past Tuesday and thought it was alright. I had the green chicken mole and it came with three corn tortillas and a small amount (1/4 cup each) of rice and beans. The rice and beans were tasty and I enjoyed my pineapple Jarritos soda. The green chicken mole was pretty good with good quality meat lacking that off-flavor that sometimes occurs in chicken at Mexican restaurants, but sweeter and soupier than I expected (have never had green mole before). I don't think I would order this again. A friend with my had a chicken chimichanga which came with a full plate of rice and beans and nice toppings on the burrito. I would eat here again and order something else.
This place rocks. It's super affordable, has a diverse clientele, and is very, very yummy. As others have noted, the portions are generous, but they're not huge. I don't like cilantro, so it's important to let them know that - otherwise it's in or on a lot of stuff.
Great price, fresh ingredients.  I love burritos so no complaints here.  I tried their cooked cactus (can't remember the exact name) last time and it was really tasty!!  The little shop in the back is pretty cool too, I'm embarrassed to say I never noticed it until last time I went there.  The dining atmosphere isn't too cozy, but the only thing I'm really bummed about is the fact that they use all styrofoam (sp?) plates, seems wasteful.  However, they do have a recycling bin for the glass bottles.
I discovered this place years ago while attending school in Gainesville. It was just a basic store and cafe back then, but since then it has really grown into a restaurant. The food is super authentic and really good. When I discovered it back then, almost no one inside spoke English, but that has changed. Its one of my favorite places to eat and if I ever do go back to Gainesville again I will be sure to eat there.
I am super picky and judgmental about Mexican food. But they do it right here. Everyone is super friendly and the food is always fast. They put my guac to shame! The food is always fresh tasting and made with care. If you don't like using two hands to eat a burrito, go somewhere else.
Everything I have had here for the past few years has been amazing!  I go there whenever I am in need of a Mexican fix, and it is definitely cheap enough.  My favorites are the al pastor burrito, chorizo tacos, and the chimichanga.  Tried lengua and cabeza burritos here for the first time here too, and both were great (prefer the lengua though).  They have different sorts of Mexican sodas (jarritos, coke, etc) too.
Awesome food. The beef cheek is amazing. However, the service gets one star from me.
Excellent mexican burrito  with scamble eggs jalapeño and the rest
1 word. YUCK! Chicken tacos tasted like shredded chicken from a can. Al pastor tacos had NO flavor. Ate 1, forced myself to eat another half (w/ chipotle hot sauce and sour cream, slat and pepper) Threw the other 1 1/2 in file 13! I'm surprised it didn't throw it back at me! Only good thing was the Queso. Soooo, for chicken tacos, Al Pastor tacos, queso, sour cream and 2 drinks it came to $22.78! HUH? No thank u. Never again and they totally Fu**** my craving for Mexican. Thanx La Tienda. Thanx for nothing but a deeper hole in my pocket as well as my heart! lol
Went here once. Really enjoyed it. Its very unique. I cannot say I have been to another Mexican place like it. The food was great and felt very authentic. I recommend you give it a whirl.
I love this place! It is super authentic, even offering tongue and goat tacos. My favorite is the massive lazy susan with all sorts of hot sauces!
Eh. Mole verde so so . Chips and salsa fresh. Burrito good.  Would need to try other items but probably won't go back so soon.
Wow, delish authentic and cheap!  We went on Cinco de Mayo for lunch and it was packed.  I ordered the enchiladas with red mole sauce, sister ordered the pork burrito and we shared chips & salsa.  The food took awhile to arrive but they have a sign that says its made to order.  You could tell the ingredients are super fresh.  The burrito was awesome!  The pork had delicious flavor, not dry at all.  My enchiladas were good too.  The portion was huge!  Three enchiladas smothered in mole sauce and covered with lettuce, tomato, queso fresco and avocado. My only complaint is that the enchiladas could have been hotter.
The only place in Gainesville I have found AUTHENTIC Mexican food yet!  Please try the tacos de lengua!
Food is ok - certainly not the best in town, as the ratings indicate. More than anything, the convenience store ambiance is more than disturbing and just doesn't make for a pleasing dining experience. It feels cheap and awkward.
Wow super fresh and delicious!!!! I love cantina tacos, the guacamole was amazing as well as the salsa that they bring to you. It can be a little bit of a wait if they are busy but completely worth it!!! I wish they had fresh horchata here but I love it even though they don't. I will have to check out the grocery side soon I haven't had a chance to check it out yet.
Gainesville is privileged to have authentic Mexican makings in town! The only comparable place is Taco n' Madre down in Ocala (AMAZING Tostadas at Taco n' Madre). Anyway, La Tienda is fun, has a nice little grocery store in the back, fantastic food, nice deck and open seating area. I am impressed with this place. Good prices too. I always order the tacos there and they don't let me down. All the food seems so fresh.
The best mexican food in Gainesville. Hands down. They have really good options for vegetarians. I highly recommend their vegetarian fajitas. They're simply the best fajitas I have ever had (including the fajitas I'd eaten back when I ate meat). The serving sizes are very generous and the prices are phenomenal. Don't forget to order chips, salsa, and guac! (yes, they make you order these separately but it hardly costs anything to do so and they're delicious)
If you like spicy authentic Mexican, this is your spot.
Best chimichangas ever.
I go to la tienda a lot.  It is the only place to get decent Mexican food in town.  They have taqueria style tacos and several authentic Mexican dishes.  The service is very good.  It is extremely overrated though.  It's standard Mexican grub; let's not go overboard.
Great tacos
I like the cactus (nopales) quesadilla and the chiro (goat) dishes. The goat is a bit crunchy, (possibly from bits of bone in it? - yikes), which is the one thing I don't like about the goat, but maybe that is typical of the dish. Very festive and traditional decorations and a nice store in the back. This sort of place makes Gainesville a fun place to live.
Authentic food, this is the real deal. Service was a little bit slow but the food wasvworth the wait. Good number of vegetarian options.
This place is hands down the best in town, and among the best you'll find anywhere. NY, CA, FL, TX, doesn't matter. La Tienda is that good. That's really all I have to say. Among my favorite restaurants in the country, period. The mole, the fish tacos, the chimichangas, the beef tongue ... I loved everything I've eaten here.
La Tienda gives you affordable and very authentic Mexican food.  Some of the best Mexican I've had in a long time, probably the best in Gainesville.  I had the basic chicken burrito and a side of chips...it was plenty of food at a very reasonable price for lunch.  I'll definitely be visiting again to try all of their other menu options (chorizo, carne asada, etc).
This place was really good. We were very excited to see how busy the place was (especially after we ordered so we didnt have near the wait for our food as those that came in after us). We ordered the chips with salsa and guac and I must say that for the price, the serving size is meal within itself. In fact, all the servings were huge for the price. The salsa was hearty and it was nice to eat guac that tastes as good as mine. Now my husband and I shared everything and our opinions of the entrees differed completely. We ordered barbacoa beef tacos and the mole rojo with chicken. The tacos were nice sized and I loved the flavor of the beef. My husband felt the beef was too dry but I loved it. The mole was great but my husband felt the flavor was just earthy and not much more. He felt that it needed something to add some depth. I took some cilantro from one of the tacos and added it to the mole and he was happy. My only complaint (which my husband agreed) while the chicken was plentiful in the mole, it was only white meat. It would have been nice to throw in some dark meat into the sauce. But we thoroughly enjoyed our meal and left in a big food coma. I will be back and next time, I'm skipping breakfast!
Was in town for business and a colleague took me here.  It was authentic Mexican. I had the al pastor and carve asada tacos.  They were excellent.
A totally legitimate establishment. Yummy and inexpensive. Even good mexican beer selection at reasonable prices. Good for a group, good for take out or delivery. This is closer to Mexican food than Tex-Mex, I'm told, which may be that they have ceviche and use a lot of cilantro. But those are both good things. Best Mexican in town.
Driving through Gainesville looking for something yummy and found this restaurant with Yelp.  Was not disappointed even though I'm not a fan of Mexican food.  We had shrimp tacos, chorizo tacos, and chips with salsa and queso.   Everything was delicious including the sauces they bring out with the food.  One was a very hot red sauce and the other a salsa verde.   The chorizo tacos are simple, served with just lime and cilantro.   The shrimp tacos had tomato, cheese and lettuce.  Super Mexican food and definitely not the boring mixture of beans, cheese, and meat of most.
great mexican food, had tostados, great guac, veggies, a crisp and fresh lunch
real food and real people. not american mexican, but mexican mexican
Best Mexican in Gainesville BY FAR. If you want something that resembles real Mexican food this is your spot. Hurry up and go already.
Best Mexican food in Gainesville. Atmosphere is casual. Outdoor bench seating. Exotic sodas and snacks. Check out the grocery store in the back.
Best Mexican food around!
Finally, a place in Florida that has great mexican food!  Fast, reasonable, and tasty.  Wish there was one near me.  Only thing I'd change is to add frozen margaritas!
Authentic and great.
The very best Mexican food I have eaten in Gainesville was here. Unfortunately that was several months ago, I have been here three times since and each visit was more disappointing. Today, it bottomed out and I am through. I had the Tamale Special and my companion the Quesadilla con carne. The tamale was served at room temperature, the corn flour (masa) costituted 90% of the tamale and what little pork the tamale had was wildly over seasoned. If the quesadilla had been the first I had ever eaten, it would also have been the last. It was bland, and tasteless and was inferior to that served in fast food franchises. I have lived throughout the southwest and have visited Mexico many times, I am thoroughly familiar with mexican food. I prefer it to all others. I am disappointed that all pretense of serving quality food has been abandoned, the trip was a waste of moeny and time. I will not be back.
Great taco shop.  Authentic food. Reasonable prices.  Friendly service.
Usually order the fish tacos here.  They are pretty good compared to everywhere else in Gainesville.  Nice little mexican place, service is always good.  I recommend going there if you ever get the chance.
Ew gross! They served me enchiladas filled with what seemed to be cheese wiz.  Not only that, but they were in flour tortillas too.  They seemed like Some sort of rolled quesadilla they threw red sauce on.  And then they threw cold, wet lettuce on top of that!  The best part was when I asked what kind of cheese they used and they said it was yellow american.... I told them I've never heard of enchiladas made this way and had to send it back... They said they could have used grated cheese for a little extra and if I had specified.  Seriously?  I have to specify for them not to use kraft singles?  I ordered tacos that they brought a half hour later... My husband was finished... I was not hungry anymore. An overall TERRIBLE experience.  I am sad yelp makes me give them even 1 star.
What a great find! Too bad we no longer live in Florida and don't come through this area nearly as often- this place was a huge hit amongst all four of us. Loved the salsas in the carafes that came with the meal.   All four of us loved what we ordered. Fried fish dinner for me, vegetarian taco salad for Kim,  bean tacos for one daughter and huervos rancheros for the other.
Freakin delicious. The tacos are authentic as hell. Tacos Al Pastor and Carnitas are like heaven in your mouth. Also have a damn good chimichanga
Very pleased with our visit here. We live in Jacksonville, but were coming back from Tampa and Yelp'ed places to go. This had great reviews, and for a good reason! Pretty authentic mexican food. We started out with the chips w/ salsa & queso - YUM! I'm picky about my salsa and queso and this place was on point. I kept going back for more throughout the meal. Hubster got 3 tacos - Barbacoa, Chorizo, Carnitas - which came on a surprisingly good and sturdy corn tortilla, topped with cilantro & onions. They were really good and flavorful. I think my least favorite was the carnitas - the meat seemed a little bit dry. I had the Carne Asada Torta... I was shocked at how large the portion was. Wow. It was pretty good, but it wasn't amazing. I would get something else next time. We didn't get any dessert, but I think next time I would try the flan or one of the Popsicles they have in the cooler up front. The sweet tea was not good - I knew I shouldn't gotten a Mexican coke. By the way, if you've never had one, or are even wondering what a "Mexican coke" is - go get one. Now.
good mexifood
The best mexican food I have ever had. Hands down. Nothing else to say besides that on our short weekend trip to Gainesville, we found ourselves here twice. Enough said.
La Tienda, please open a Miami location.  I miss you. I used to live in Gainesville and would go to La Tienda for a burrito at least once a week.  Easily one of my favorite burritos.  Also their chips and queso is incredible. The place feels very authentic and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend checking this place out.
Friday afternoon bite at La Tienda. So nice. Only thing missing is you. The place and food aren't remarkable, but decent. authentic Mexican food is the exception rather than the rule in GNV. La Tienda is in the exceptional category here.
If you think this is good Mexican, you need to do some traveling. Fajitas tasted like soy sauce, and the beans were like straight from a can. Service nonexistent. Second try was even worse. Spend your money at more worthy local establishments.
Best Mexican food I have eaten in Florida, I have been going weekly for the past 2 years. Everything is amazing, you really can not go wrong.
Ok...I've read that this place is good, but I'm afraid not even close to being good Mexican food.  As one reviewer mentioned, it's as good as it gets in Gainesville. To start, I placed 2 orders of tacos at towards the end of the lunch hour.  It took 40 minutes to get 6 tacos, which is crazy given it's just tacos!!  When I complained to the owner, he offered no apology and just stated its customary to wait 30-40 minutes because their food is made fresh.  All the food served is what I consider fast food mexican.  The tacos were ok, better than some places in Gainesville, but not worth the time and attitude from the owner...sorry folks.
This place is the best Mexican restaurant i have every eaten at. The food is amazing and if its your first time make sure you get some chips and queso you wont regret it. I just moved to Chicago and the only reason i will every go back to Gainesville is to get a chicken burrito and chips and queso. But everything on the menu is the best. If you ever want to start up a La Tienda in Chicago you can use my apartment.
Great authentic Mexican food. On my list of places to re-visit when I return to Gainesville. I will say, however, that the first few times I ate here, the things I got weren't exactly to my taste. I'm not sure why, but I wasn't too thrilled with the tacos--it wasn't really what I was used to, but I'm sure it was more authentic than the tacos I was used to. When I finally chose the burrito there, I never looked back. Delicious! I'm sure there's other great stuff on the menu, but I'll always be satisfied with the burrito.
We got this stuff to go, drove all night from Georgia and stopped in Gainesville, FL on our way to Tampa. Anyway, my scallop burrito was made by angels or something. Seasoned just right and the potato/scallop ratio killed it. I mourned that burrito the moment I was finished with it. We ordered a ton of items and had no complaints, except for Jack. He bit into a whole habanero pepper in his mole sauce. I'll include a picture of him crying. That's the only reason I'm taking off a star here. Inside of the place was very nice but at first glance it looked like it would be an awful TexMex/karaoke/corona type joint. Wasn't that at all, it was just some excellent authentic Mexican food and colorful. Generally, I look for THE most run down places for my good Mexican food so perhaps I just get fearful of anything that looks like additional overhead. My bad. Please go eat there and eat their food.
Awesome authentic Mexican restaurant in Gainesville! My favorite is their Steak Chimichongas! They are flavorful, fresh, and really good portion for the price! I also like their guac sauce, it's not too thick and delicious. The only thing I don't like about the restaurant is it's environment- not always clean and not the best place for big groups.
Carne asada nachos. Wide variety of meats, including traditional meats, for tacos, burritos, tortas, etc. They also serve beer and desserts. I've never been disappointed here. The atmosphere is very casual. It can get noisy when a game is on but that's part of the authentic vibe, I think. The food is reasonably priced. Honestly, there's nothing I dislike about La Tienda!
On my road trip leaving Florida I wanted to have one last meal in Florida. I searched yelp strictly for queso and chips. I found this place because of the high ratings and they had queso! I ordered the appetizer that included homemade chips, salsa, guacamole and queso to go. The food was delicious!! I highly recommend the guacamole and queso. I only wished I lived closer to stop by and try more from the menu.
Most amazing Mexican food in Gainesville. Even if just visiting town you need to eat here. The shrimp quesadillas are my favorite.
Freshly made, tasty, and affordable. Not to mention just a couple blocks from my apt complex! But really, this place serves decent Mexican fare. They have an assortment of imported beverages and desserts in a case by the front door. The flan looks tempting! I've tried the beef, chicken, steak, and shrimp here and all were good. It's hard to find a place where all the proteins are good. The chips and salsa are good (love the tomatillo based sauce they give), as is the arroz y frijoles (rice and beans). If you get the fajitas you get a large amount of food, which is a good deal. You order at the register and sit down. Unfortunately they can get really busy so if you want takeout you're going to have to go through the same line so I suggest calling ahead.
SUPER DELICIOUS -The only authentic Mexican food in Gainesville. Pro's: Very Authentic Mexican food. Good Rice and Beans. Carne Asada was prepared perfectly. Their Verde guac salsa is one-of-a-kind. Fajitas are awesome. Chips are freshly fried and hot when served. Guac is so fresh and yum. Scallop Flautas are delicious and the sauce is great too. Kids meals are rather simple but authentic which is perfect for children. Very friendly staff and owner. Cool store in the back with all your favorites straight from Mexico. Excellent Prices. Please don't raise them. NO TEX MEX - YES! As good as SoCal Mexican Con's: none
The most authentic Mexican food ur prolly gonna be able to find in north florida. The prices were great and everything I've had there has been great. Almost everyone one. Of the tacos are with a try and the chicken enchiladas with verde are a must. Also there's a little grocery store connected to the Resteraunt In case u feel like trying some Mexican dishes yourself
I'm kind of conflicted about this place--and there's stuff you should know about before you go.  Here are some things to consider: 1) Do you want authentic Mexican food?  This will be your establishment depending on what you order. 2) Do you want Tex Mex?  I mean it.  This place will not meet your needs. 3) Are you one of the few and the proud that need that perfectly dry yet flavorful and completely ooey, gooey refried beans?  They don't come with several entrees!  Egads!  O!  The Humanity! 4) Do you want a margarita?  They are not served here.  Biiiiig sad face. That being said the service was PHENOMENAL--though it is cafeteria-style, where you order at a counter and take a number to your table.  Ladies were kind, helpful and may... may have given me complimentary rice and beans after I wailed and sobbed. (not really) Lean more toward the tacos or the fajitas, though.  They were just better.
If you are in the mood for more authentic Mexican food than you will find in typical strip malls and yet have not been spoiled by really great Mexican food served in regions closer the border, then this is your place. The first time I went here it was good.  The market in the back lends some credibility to this being a culturally accurate restaurant.  However, every time since then it has gotten more and more disappointing.  I now think it is totally overrated.  Although the tamales are tasty, they sell out fast and you cannot count on getting any.  The chile rellenos are a disappointment.  The fajitas are a real disappointment. I am in agreement with the others who have lived in places with more and better food from south of the border: "This is probably as good as it gets here". I lived in LA for more than 10 years prior to moving to Gainesville and came to distinguish and appreciate regional Mexican food. My favorite is Oaxaca (pronounced "wa-hock-a") -- boy I wish we had a good Oaxacan restaurant in town.
Real Mexican food, not Tex-Mex. Its the best Mexican food in Gainesville. And just to clarify, it does not in any way compare to Mexican food trucks in California as another reviewer mentioned. La Tienda wouldn't last 1 week even as a roadside stall in Cali. The quality and quantity of food that you get at Tienda just doesn't compare. But for Gainesville, this is a find. I have yet to try many of their dishes, but what I ate, I liked. There are no margaritas, and a lot of working class people eat here. Also a lot of street noise. So don't go for the ambiance. Go for the authentic food, and if you hate Tex-Mex, but like Mex, you will like it.
While driving down to Orlando from Tally, we stopped by La Tienda Latina to grab some lunch. I wasn't sold on eating Mexican food that day but my boyfriend had insisted since he used to go there when he went to UF. When you walk in, it was pretty much a store on the left hand side, selling all sorts of food and corny gifts. You order your food at the register, they had you a placard with a number on it, and you go find your table to sit down. The food came out and brought to us at the table. The queso was one of the best I've ever had. The tacos were good- just be sure you order cheese with it. While eating, I saw a server stack up five different plates on his right arm. It was nuts! Once we were finishing eating, we checked out the actual Mexican store that is attached to the restaurant. They had food, fresh meats, and pinatas hanging from the ceiling. Cool. Good food, this is an all right place after all and I'm glad I went!
I love this place. All of their food is really good (even the chips and salsa); definitely a huge fan of the chimichanga. Very casual atmosphere, and relatively quick service. They also sells all sorts of latin drinks and other trinkets at the front counter.
Unbelievable...I've lived in Florida for over 10 years and never found what I'd truly call a really good Mexican restaurant.  That is...until now although I'd have to label this one a GREAT Mexican restaurant.  If you're in the area, you have to give this joint a try.   My wife, who is actually from Mexico, agrees so that should give my review a bit more credibility!   Now, we have a bonus whenever we come see our son at UF!
Great food, always, for years. Authentic Mexican is something everyone should try - it's way better than the other stuff! Order anything on the menu, literally. They have pretty wild stuff, like grilled cactus. Try it!
Fantastic food. Great prices. Best Mexican food I've ever had, hands down. Even the chips and salsa were getting comments from the table. I'd eat here every week if I lived anywhere close to Gainesville.
Just had a Corizo sandwich from there last week and it was AMAZING!  Great Mexican twist on a sandwich for sure!  Very filling and priced fairly!
Dopest place ever. Get the breaded steak torta with the steak extra crispy. Maybe get extra avocado. Eat that with the salsa verde. One of my favorite things is actually the ice cream bars. I think the best flavors by far are mamey and guava.
My family had a to-die-for feast on a Sunday afternoon at LTL! The Mole Rojo (on chicken) was perfect, the rice (containing tiny chunks of potato) was a perfect accompaniment, and the sweet plantains ere flavorful and cooked perfectly throughout! Others tried the stuffed jalapeños (seriously warm compared to other jalapeños this season!), the cactus (i had never tried it before and found it to be bell pepper like, very good.), and the chips with queso and salsa. Both the salsa and the queso were spiced nicely for my heat-loving crew, and both were wonderfully fresh! Service at the counter was prompt and courteous. The grocery in the back of the store had all kinds of hard-to-find items, and I walked away with some new horchata mix I can't wait to try! Finally, on our way out, we stopped by the ice cream freezer for popsicles made in Clearwater, FL. The "Rice Pudding" flavor tasted like a frozen, delicious arroz con leche, and the "Mango con Camoy" was an interesting mix of giant chunks of sweet mango, and salty, spicy Chamoy sauce (the party was divided on this flavor, but being a mango lover, I liked it!)
I had been waiting so long to eat here, and La Tienda was completely worth the wait. I tried their chorizo con queso and wow! Delicious. My boyfriend had the chimichanga with steak, which was also great. By the way, their avocado/green sauce is delicious with everything and anything. Prices were also extremely reasonable - less than $30 for two entrees, chips and salsa, and two beers. Relaxed environment with an authentic Mexican feel. I just went this weekend and I can't wait to go back.
My food had to be returned.  The meat was spoiled as it had that "rancid" odor to it, and yes, my dining partner confirmed it was spoilt.   It was a big let-down and we wont be returning.
Great chips and salsa. All the food at our table looked great and tasted great. I like the little grocery store in the back. Service was nice and friendly.
Pretty authentic Mexican food. Interesting place where you see people in business attire sitting next to college students and construction workers. Spices they use are well balanced. Service was pretty fast.
