Mixed thoughts. Someone whose opinion I don't trust very much told me this was a "hipster" place in Gainesville. Some swankass hipsters around here. Tenders are pleasant, the outdoor seating is a nice touch. The food is good; the fries with cheesestuff is delicious. Problem is: there's always a line and some of the staff can tend to seem annoyed. One of the dudes is a delight, though. Tallish fella, beard, black. Superpleasant, doesn't hover, but doesn't disappear. All in all, this could be a cool place if the staff and its regulars didn't think it was such a cool place.
Best food in Gainesville. I ordered the gnocchi and it was to die for. If I lived there I would definitely be eating there once a week.
We loved this place. Great atmosphere. Went their for Sunday Brunch while visiting my daughter at University of Florida.  Had an awesome Black Bean burger and sweet potato fries.  My daughters both loved their meals. Devon had a special. It was some sort of coffee cake batter dipped and served as french toast. Not sure it was the main meal or dessert but she loved every bite. Taylor had an egg white omelette with asparagus that was cooked perfectly. Funky, indie place with cool decor and lots of vegan options.  Tops on my list the next time I visit.
Disclaimer, this review is from when I lived in Gainesville years ago. I loved The Top. I am about as far from a hipster as you can get. Ok, I might drink a PBR every now and then, and I am pretty well versed with my microbrews and micro-distilleries... but that could be because I live in San Francisco where weather entices you to drink darker, more flavorful beers.  Ok, and Portland turned me on to micro-distilleries... yum! Now on to the top: yes, I'm a fan of corn fritter things, and yes, you can get them from Sonny's. Cisco is probably the provider, but I'm ok with that. I like the ranch dipping sauce: so sue me. Ok, now I haven't tried everything, but there are 2 items that I fairly consistently have gotten from there. One is the pecan encrusted tofu with mashed potatoes. The tofu for me, always melted in my mouth. I think you can even substitute it with chicken. The second is that spicy peanut dish: it made me a fan of tempeh.  I think I recall getting the burger once and I liked it. I recall it was for lunch. I liked this place because as I remember, they used organic and sustainable ingredients. Considering they have been doing this for a while, I think they were ahead of their time. I like the vibe of the place. I don't remember the wait staff being all that slow, except for one time, but the staff was apologetic. My advice to staff members who may read this post: The people who are not dressed like hipsters will probably tip you better. All you have to do is show up with a smile and give good service.
Went for the first time with a group of 6 on a Friday night. Not really my kind of place -- crowded & extremely noisy.  Someone else might call it energetic & fun.  You say potato ... Service was slow and inattentive -- we all had empty glasses by the end of the meal -- another beer would have been great. I had the San Diego chicken I think it was called - chicken breast stuffed with crab & cheese - & I will admit it was delicious.  Unfortunately the broccoli that came with it was partially steamed, wet, crunchy & cold and the mashed potatoes were cold too. We hadn't asked for separate checks, but at the end of the meal the waitress asked if we wanted them split.  We did, she did it & got everything right. That was much appreciated.
Very cool place that my friend Johnny L recommended me to go for my birthday since I wanted to try something new. Most of my friends got burgers and they were really good, the meat actually had taste and it's  not like burgers that you get in Friday's or Chilis. Instead of burger I decided to try the San Diego chicken. The chicken came stuffed with crab, corn and gouda. It was good, except a little on the heavy side with all that cheese. We had corn nuggets as appetizers and sweet potatoes fries. Those are a must try. You can substitute fries for sweet potatoes fries for an additional charge with your bugers. Burgers were around $9 something. I feel that if you are planning to get burger and you are willing to pay around $9 for it then give The Top a try.
The apps: Corn Nuggets (probably brought in frozen) Goat Cheese with warm caponata/tapenade. Good but difficult to screw up. The entree: Duck was severely UNDER cooked, then slightly OVER cooked. Maybe one man's "medium" is another man's "bleu" (and yet another man's "well")? The sirloin was decent though it tasted like Choice beef. Apple cake for desert was good; though had I closed my eyes I would've sworn I was eating carrot cake (same spices I think)! All-in-all it was just...okay.
This eclectic restaurant is where its at in Gainesville.  Yelpers know best and this place is doing things right.  Ask for Matt at the host stand and tell him Chet sent you....he'll try to take care of you.  The food here is beyond great.  So many dishes to choose from and so tasty its hard to believe.  I enjoyed a Seshuan Pork Belly....very delicious...although a bit large.  Not a complaint...just couldnt finish it.  Grilled garlic vegetables were phenomenal.  Pesto Gnocchi was the freshest I have tasted. Bar area is staffed with attentive and friendly bar staff.  Great local brews on hand as well as some great mixed drinks.  I was told this was the most popular and visited restaurant in Gainesville....it appears so.  Always a wait....sometimes two hours.  And people will wait those two hours.  That tells you something.  Inside decor is awesome with great antique lamps scattered everywhere inside...but its kept to a romantic and low light level. A solid win for The Top in my book....keep on growing !!!! YELP !!!!
I love The Top.  It is without doubt the quintessential Gainesville restaurant.  I always bring out of town friends and family to eat here for that reason and for the fact that there is something here for everyone: vegan, vegetarian, seafood, chicken, hamburger, pasta, beer, wine, cocktails, etc.  It's my favorite restaurant in Gainesville!   I would give it five stars if it were not for the seriously rude doorman who checks IDs (don't get me wrong - I'm happy they are checking IDs, but I don't want to deal with a rude doorman.  It hampers the fun times that can be had at The Top!  James S.'s review is spot-on.) Regardless, The Top is great to drop in and have a couple drinks with friends, excellent for brunch, and/or perfect for dinner.   A couple tips/suggestions... This is not a fast food restaurant, so you should come prepared to spend a couple hours there if drinking and eating.  The first thing you should do when sitting down is order sweet potato fries.  Also, it is often quite loud inside with music and talking, so if you are hearing impaired you may want to sit outside (though there may be people smoking outside, so that is a consideration also).  If you have trouble finding parking, try parking a block away at city hall (be sure to read the posted signs).  If you like burgers try the True Blue.  If you're vegetarian, try something with tempeh in it.  Tuesdays are generally "Taco Tuesdays", with lots of different taco-like foods.
With a plethora of vegetarian and vegan options, The Top is perfect for the health-conscious, organic-minded, and/or cruelty caring person. The Triple Cheese Black Bean Burger that's served on a pretzel roll was fantastic. If you don't mind  friendly bearded hipsters serving you food, this place is perfect!
The food is great, atmosphere is fantastic and the bartenders are top-quality. The service can be a tad on the slow side, but servers are always friendly and the food is worth it. Highly recommended this place. Favs: Good Morning Burger, Spinach Salad w/Scallops, Blackened Tofu Sandwich, Ancho Bean Cakes, Vegan Coffee Cake French Toast and the Vegan Chocolate Cake.
Found on yelp while passing thru Gainesville. Awesome find. Black bean cake as appetizer, Pecan crusted Tofu with mashed potatoes and perfectly steamed broccoli. Shared by two of us to save room for excellent vegan chocolate cake. Super nice waiter. Would definitely go back.
Perfect date: Corn nuggets That Spicy Thai Coconut Dish with Tofu Pecan Encrusted Tofu with Yummmiest Mashed Potatoes Dessert Ambience is fun, and even if your date is going horribly, there's enough stuff to look at to keep you busy for at least an hour. Late night food recs: BBQ Tempeh, French Fries, Corn Nuggets They all, conveniently, preemptively cure hangovers. Best (real!!) Long Island Iced Teas and Bloody Marys in town.
I've only been here to drink, although I have had many meals here, so my review is limited to bar section. Excellent curly fries. Snooty/ inattentive service.  The only hire bartenders who have visible tattoos and a bad attitude. Cash is king.
So, yeah, reviews of The Top are all over the place, which is actually sort of expected. Our experiences here have been good for the most part, but when it gets really busy all bets are off. My advice: dine early - before 7:00, if you can - and raise the odds of a good experience. Why go to the trouble at all? Well, when The Top is on, it's *really* on. In fact, we've had some of our best meals here. We've had good luck with most menu items, and the specials are usually very tasty. We're especially fond of the burgers - I think they're the best in G-ville, hands down - and you can get them with a variety of topping "themes" (my lame phrasing, not theirs). Desserts are homemade and taste like it. The pies are the bomb, as is the cheesecake. Service can be good or meh depending on who you get, but it's almost always competent. Contrast that with Bistro 1245, whose service blows almost uniformly, even if you're the only patrons there.   I guess what we like most about The Top is that the menu seems to have been put together by someone with a both a genuine love of food and bona fide culinary chops. Highly recommended, despite its faults.
Great place ! I've been living here for 10 years and just recently ate there. Incredible food quality. The service is a little slow though, so don't expect to be a quick dinner.
To preface this review, I eat here once or twice a week, given. Yes its sometimes very slow and yes like most hipster places the service is hit or miss and yes sometimes the wait is very long. But that doesn't matter because everything EVERYTHING is delicious. Always. My personal vegan faves are vegan caesar salad, buffalo tempeh bites, buffalo tempeh sandwich, tempeh reuben, veg biscuits & gravy, and the tofu scramble. Non vegan faves rocket burger (goat cheese, bacon AND peppers), haystack burger (peppers and gruyere cheese and fries),  corn nugget, quiche du jour always, and pork belly gnocchi Thursdays are $2 wells after 11 and Tuesdays you'll get a token with your wells drink. Also, they do have a late night menu that has a decent amount of stuff. If you're underage or don't have a valid ID you may hate Chuck (the door guy). Sucks to suck, bro; Chuck is the main reason why Top doesn't get underage drinking violations like the rest of town.   Sunday Brunch is a must (holy mimosa & bloody mary heaven)
What can I say about The Top? The Top is by far one of my favorite places to eat in Gainesville. To be honest, I was a little intimidated by the hipster atmosphere at first but I found that they actually have a really diverse menu with decent prices. My husband is a "meat and potatoes" kind of guy but he LOVES the food here. The service is usually decent. There was only one time we had really slow service, and the food made up for it.
The vegan selection was both impressive and tasty. I shared order of vegan biscuits, vegan french toast, and vegan eggs benedict. Someone else got the scambled tofu which looked amazing. All of the above were great. The french toast came with blueberries, not mentioned on the menu. That was cool. This place reminds me of a location in my home of San Francsico, called Weird Fish. Except the Top may have more variety. The waitstaff is a bit too cool to give good service. But who can blame them? It's hard being so hip, especially the the center of the world-Gainesville, Florida. Outdoor seating is a plus....
I have a love-hate relationship with this place. Usually I love the food but hate the service. However, sometimes I've loved both, and occasionally and I've been disappointed with both. I always judge a restaurant by the quality of their tofu dishes.  The Top does a great job. Warning: The Top is definitely not a friend to non-cash carriers (like me). Cash is essential, especially if you are in a large group.
Yum! Just went there last night and had their Spinach Salad. Lots of goat cheese, red peppers, toasted pecans, and the scallops I got on top were cooked to perfection! Other things I'd recommend are: ancho black bean cakes, the black pepper encrusted steak (if you really like pepper because this stuff is potent!), and the corn nuggets. The food is great, but like other yelpers have noted, the service is hit-or-miss. For the most part the service is okay, but there have been a couple of times where the servers seemed to just hate life and not want to be there. PS- Their vegan chocolate cake is TO DIE FOR. It's not too sweet and I can't even tell it's vegan. I wish I knew the recipe!
Really fun decor. Kind of reminded me of an Applebee's except instead of sports memorabilia it was way more random. Staff was decent and checked up on us quite a bit, although I have heard service is pretty bad usually. Seems to be the way with these organic artsy places. A little bit more expensive than I expected but also the food was much better than I expected as well. Just had dinner here and didn't go to the bar, although I walked by later and the place was kind of packed... yes, this was undoubtedly the hipster hang-out when I was in town. Also, adding to the count: corn nuggets. What an idea. Frying anything possible... very Southern.
With mom in town to help pack up my apartment, it was only fitting that we try out one of Gainesville's funkiest eateries --- The Top. Two of my favorite people tagged along and we had a fabulous time gorging ourselves on both healthy and fattening dishes. To start, we ordered two appetizers. The tastes and flavors of each were completely different, yet equally satisfying. Now, I'm not a big fan of blue cheese, but their Maytag Blue Cheese Chips made me actually reconsider. The chips were thick and crunchy--just the way homemade ones should be--and topped with Maytag blue cheese sauce, crumbled blue cheese and green onions. The flavor was rich without being overpowering. After a while I started to feel gross with all the grease, but you're going to get that with potato chips. Our second appetizer was a bit healthier. The black bean cake itself was made with roasted corn and poblano peppers and topped with an ancho pepper cream sauce and mango salsa. The salsa added a nice light flavor to the heaviness of the beans and cream sauce. Eating the bean cake by itself was kind of bland, but when mixed together, the flavors all blended nicely and had a tropical feel. When served warm, you can't go wrong with this filling appetizer. By the time my entree arrived I was pretty darn full, but with a plate as yummy looking as my Ciopinno I couldn't resist. On the specials menu, the ciopinno was made with mussels, shrimp and mahi all blended into a spicy tomato sauce. The seafood wasn't the freshest I've ever tasted, but the spicy richness of the sauce masked any qualms I may have had. At the end of the meal all of us were stuffed and happy. The Top's menu is quite extensive and they have lots of veggie and vegan options. Their wide-variety of pastas are my favorite and you better believe I will be going back for more.
5 stars for being the only place serving food after 10pm on a Thursday night in downtown Gainesville and serving the best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten.  The sweet potato fries are served with some sort of garlic dipping sauce- absolutely amazing.  The fries were cooked and salted perfectly.  Honestly, the best I've ever had and I've eaten a lot of sweet potato fries in Atlanta and the DC metro area. Service was great, no complaints.  Loved the eclectic and quirky interior, reflects the menu and overall vibe of the place.  Very comfortable and a great place to hang out with friends and delish food and drinks.
Great food. Really great for vegans and vegetarians. I love the vegan cake selections. Brunch is amazing. Excellent service, eclectic decor, awesome bar/patio and a photo booth make it one of my favorite places.
For as much as we frequent this place, I realized I needed to give them a proper review. I used to think the service was so-so, but the skinny jean wearing crew at The Top has really won me over. Thank you! Seriously, though, The Top is one of the best restaurants in Gainesville! It has such a great menu. Great Sunday brunch, great dinner. Brunch: Excellent. Tempeh Scrabble is fab. Seriously. Great sides (grits and potatoes). Hubbie loves eggs, biscuits/gravy and pretty much all their scrumptious eats. I'm salivating just thinking about it all.   Dinner: Many authentic- yet modern American options as well as other fun fusion dishes. They even have lots of vegan and some gluten free dishes. The food is clean, prepared with intention (most of the time), and prepared with skill. I love their buffalo tempeh (no blue cheese for me) and the garden salad is divine. Their famous corn nuggets and the staple sweet potatoes are others that are fabulous. I love the pecan encrusted tofu and their the few other vegan gluten-free options are generally good. Great "special" items for meat and gluten eaters, according to my hubbie. Terrific drinks. Bartenders are generous and kind. Try my favorites, the "Foe-jito" and the "Cucumber Gimlet". The Foejito, is a Mojito made with vodka instead of rum: it's cleaner and yummier...And the Cuc. Gilmet is absolutely deeelissshh! Summary: Wait staff has an improved attitude. Food is GREAT! Check it out for sure!!
What to say about the top? Just go and enjoy! I've been here quite a few times and I've always loved everything :) also they have some killer deserts! I'm a sucker for a good peanut butter pie and they have an amazing one!! :) try try try!! And when they have specials, go for them!
I love eating here. The food is phenomenal. I've tried other things but my favorite is the pepper crusted steak. They have a great beer selection and have great drink specials. My favorite appetizer would probably have to be the plantain chips. They come with black beans, salsa, and guacamole for dipping. The buffalo tempah is also really great. The service, as far as I've experienced, is wonderful. The times I've been the servers have been attentive without hovering over your table the entire time you're sitting there. ....and they have a photo booth. What more is there to love?
I cannot review their food because I have only been here for happy hour drinks, but I can say the atmosphere and drinks specials are some of the best in gainesville.  I've heard they have great food, but have yet to try it. The one downside is that they allow smoking (or did the last time I was there) at night.
The Top has a special little place in my heart. While I see the negative reviews of horrible service, over priced food, and mediocre cuisine, nothing will sway my love for this place.   I've been here for brunch, on weekends, and on weeknights.  Brunch was a favorite until they got rid of the Oscar benedict, then the bf no longer wanted to eat there *sighs* so Taco Tuesday is the new favorite! The fish tacos are delish, along with the burritos and the special of the day. Basically, you can't go wrong with anything off the menu.  I love love the salads, and either get salmon or blackened tofu on top. I wish there was more of a selection of appetizers, that's my only complaint. But the selection of desserts make up for it ;) *cough peanut butter pie cough* I've always had great service, with the waiters being attentive and friendly. However, I did go here on a Friday night when it was PACKED and sat in the bar area where the server would consistently forget about us. But ehh, 1 out of 20 times won't deter me from here. The drinks are tasty and STRONG, and they have happy hour 5-7 and usually do drink specials after 10 on most nights. LOVE the atmosphere if you can sit on the other side of the bar where it's less noisy. Hate all you want, but I'll still go again and again.
Delicious, fresh, really friendly staff, open late, variety of food from trout to burgers to tempeh to salads. I love this place. They let me bring my dog and sit outside. Come eat here.
I have lived in Gainesville for 5 years and had never eaten here. It's too hyped for my taste, so I only went there for drinks occasionally. BTW, the service at the bar is pretty poor and the bartenders are snobby. The FOOD however, is a different story. I couldn't have been happier.  Melt in your mouth Ahi Tuna, seared perfectly, tasty Spinach Salad, and a bite of my friends Tofu Burger all hit the spot. The Top is my new fave.
Great little spot. Whenever I'm in G-ville I've got to eat there. Quality food, great menu.
A neat place, super vegan/veggie friendly, and packed with eclectic decor. I'd been hearing about this place forever before I actually made it over to try it out. I always seemed to try to go on a Monday, having forgotten they were closed. The food is great! The service can be pretty slow, but they're super busy most of the time, so I figure that's just how it goes. I had the pecan encrusted tofu, and they made that tofu taste amazing. If I still lived in Gainesville, I'd be back all the time.
One of my favorite restaurants in Gainesville!! The Top is really outstanding, they offer amazingly delicious food - so many options and everything always tastes so good. Great for vegetarians! They know how do tofu. My favorite is blackened. I Love their black bean burgers! The top salad is just an awesome combination of ingredients. Southwestern spicy pasta is outstanding. Ugh taco Tuesday is also the best. I have always been happy with what I order. The top is really a gem in Gainesville, and I have found nothing else like it anywhere I've traveled. It does get busy, but it's definitely worth the wait for delicious high quality food at a decent price. I don't live in Gainesville anymore, but every time I go, I make sure to eat at the top more than once.
Absolutely the best burgers in Gainesville.  The 3 cheese burger, served on a Soft Pretzel bun is by far my favorite.  All burgers can be ordered beef, black bean or portabello.  Delish. Indoor and outdoor seating, 2 bars (out back is cash only) and a fun, friendly atmosphere.  Great menu variety, something for everyone.   If you show up after 8 on a weekend night, expect to wait for a table.  Sometimes the wait can be long (an hour or more) but it's definitely worth it.   Also note - CLOSED on Mondays.
The Top is fantastic!  Not only by their food but aesthetically as well.   Amidst the kooky interior (ranging from landscapes on black velvet to an assortment of light fixtures your grandmother would be jealous of) is a restaurant containing people really passionate about Gainesville and good food. The service is great, a lot of staff are quite charming! Now the food: The nacho's are dynamite.  Definitely try and go on Tuesday for Taco Tuesday,  the tempeh tacos with the local tempeh are unbelievable.  They also do specials almost every weekday so you're set.  Try and get the peanut butter pie for dessert if you can, ridiculous.  Even the side salads here are good, come on! The only drawback is they get pretty busy during the evening Fri-Sat (who doesn't?) and they don't take reservations. Viva La Top
I'll be the first to say, if you come here on a Thursday or Friday, you won't eat for a good 2 hours. Be prepared to wait and drink at the bar. BUT, they have amazing drinks - (ahem, pear martini is to die) and they have a good happy hour. Truly great food and huge portions. You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches (pesto chicken, personal fave). However, you should probably get one of their nightly specials. These are always amazing. Oh and the carrot cake. Sheer perfection. The food is delicious, but honestly a lot of my rating also has to do with the ambiance. Photo booth, dollar PBR and great company are a plus. The waitstaff is delightful. I don't know what other people are talking about...I've had one bad server in 4 years and she's left. Chris and Otis are definitely the most personable people there.
Just went for the first time and I will be back!  Service was a tad slow, but we never had a problem with water refills.  The blue cheese chips are ok, much better at other places such as Gators Dockside or Stonewood, next time will try a different app.  The Southwestern pasta was to die for!! Loved the peppers and onions.  It reminded me of the Rattlesnake pasta at J.Alexanders or the Diablo fettuccine at Bonefish. I was with 3 other people and they split our checks no problem
Two thumbs way up! Coming from California, this is exactly what the doctor ordered for my homesickness. Everything from the vegetarian options to the kitschy decor reminds me of my favorite San Francisco restaurants. The brunch menu is eggs-cellent. The breakfast burrito is my personal favorite, and the vegan blueberry pancakes are huge and well worth worth the price. The coffee is decent, and the wait-staff consists of all very friendly hipsters. Great dinner choices, and the vegan desserts are awesome. You can even get a little tipsy at the bar and take silly photos in their photo-booth! Definitely at THE TOP (har har) of my dining experiences in Gainesville.
Prior to coming to this place, I heard a lot different things and good things about this restaurant. So I decided to come on a random saturday night. with a co-worker. Atmosphere-  This place looks decent with dim lights. But it seemed like a bunch of stuff thrown together items that were unable to sell from a garage sale according to my friend. And she is right. It seemed to have a theme for asian, 80s, and rock fella style.  mesh together. However, the place was pretty packed. All type of people were coming in and out of the restaurant.  3/5 Food - I ordered burger.  The bun was toasted and it was not a regular burger bun. I actually liked it.  Overall, the burger was good.  My friend had Gnochi with chicken.  And he enjoyed it. 4/5 Service - it took them 45 min to sit us .... while I was waiting ... I walked around the restaurant and there were alot empty tables... they were not fast at all in sitting people down. They seemed to be under staffed. They got lucky that my friend wanted to stay. I rarely wait that long for a restaurant to sit me down....  However, the service in serving the food was pretty adequate. The wait was good in refilling water and coming back to check on us. 3/5 Overall - I need to come back to have some of their main entrees dishes to give it a more detail rating.  Meanwhile 3/5 is their overall score. But by looking at the menu. they seemed to have a lot thai /asian food,  american/ italian and their focus seemed to be on vegetarian people.  If you want to add me and or seafood- it will cost you extra.
The Top is on a growing list of Gainesville restaurants that deserve more stars.  The only problem is they don't have the consistency to earn them. Such as servers.  I've been lucky enough to get the kitchen manager (young guy, big beard) as a waiter a few times and he is really cool and will sit and go over the entire menu with you describing how he makes the dishes.  Other times I get assorted people from the list others have described; disinterested waiters who don't know the menu well and hardly check up on the table. I had the best burger in Gainesville at this restaurant.  It was the bacon bleu cheese burger and it floored me.  I came back 3 days later for the same burger only to get a dry briquet (medium?) that even LOOKED different from the burger of a few days ago.  You can't build followers if you can't be consistent in the same week! I could go on about good experiences vs. bad ones.  What ends up happening is instead of being on my usual list of restaurants I only go every few months when I feel adventurous (or lucky).  I hope The Top sees this review and cracks down on consistency.  Or at least post the cook's schedules online so I know when its safe to go in.
Fun restaurant with a great ambiance. Get there early because it gets crowded fast! We started with the plantain chips and they were delicious. Perfectly fried, not greasy and served with delicious guacamole, black beans and salsa. The vegan caesar salad is very good. It was a strong garlic flavor which I love! For dinner I had the chimichurri with tempeh. Tempeh was cooked perfectly, chimichurri was delicious and not too oily and the fingerling potatoes were just yum! Mommy had the fish tacos for taco tuesday and damn they were great! 3 tacos, all overly stuffed with deliciousness. I thought it was the best meal of the night. Sister had the gnocchi and the sauce was delicious and the gnocchi perfectly cooked and super filling. Dessert was a sweet potato pecan pie and the enormous peanut butter pie. What a night!
I have lived in Gainesville for ten years.  For ten years, I have been trying to like The Top.   I have been vegan for the last five years, but before that, the only items of quality that I can personally attest to at The Top are their corn nuggets and Peanut Butter Pie.  I loved those things.  In the last five years, the only things I have gotten that I have found to be enjoyable are their Sweet Potato Fries and the Vegan Cesar Salad.  I have heard good things about their Portobello Burger, but I am not a fan of mushrooms so I have never ventured to try it.  I have tried many of their other dishes and have always regretted ordering each one, including their desserts. I advise you to never order a tempeh dish.  They always sound delicious but you never get what you expect.  Typically, their tempeh is served in four large, un-seasoned/marinated wedges, with a bland vegetable or starch side and not enough sauce.  Their chimichurri is excellent but they don't utilize it to it's full potential.  I ordered the chimichurri tempeh once, ate only the plain broccoli and took the rest of the dish home, where I turned it into AMAZING tacos.  Why can't they do that?   Their brunch options are not much better.  I eat more sugar than anyone I know.  I eat sugar all day, every day.  Imagine my surprise when I ordered the vegan french toast and it was too sweet for me.  That never happens.  And I've eaten a spoon of straight up sugar before! I have heard good things about The Top's non-veg dishes.  They must be doing something right to stay as busy as they are.  But it seems that all their veg and vegan options are simply throwaways.  I feel they may have adopted the attitude that if someone is vegan, they'll eat anything.  No, we won't.  So quit serving us crap. The servers I have had at The Top have always been very friendly and helpful.  I once had to send a poor server back to the kitchen three times to get me more sauce for yet another bland dish.  He was very understanding and obliged me, without any extra charge. The Top usually has some pretty decent drink specials and their bar is a nice place to hang out.  It's nice to go to The Top on a "drinking night" and be able to get some late night food, drinks and hang out.  But if you're having dinner on a Thursday-Saturday night, try to clear out before 10 because it  gets very loud once the barflies start filtering in.   So, after all my negative experiences, time after time, I find myself back at The Top.  I guess the reason I and people like myself keep going back is because it's Gainesville...where else are we going to go?
Service: Crap Corn Nuggets: Amazing Prices: Slightly high in comparison Decor: Nice Verdict: Corn Nuggets
After several trips back to The Top, they've definitely redeemed themselves. Lots of great items on the menu (pesto gnocchi, anyone?!) and the service has gotten leaps and bounds better over the past 6 months. Kudos, guys!
3 words: sweet potato fries! I really enjoy the food here, but it is a little to hipster for me. But in the end its got great food and decent Guiness on tap. Its definately worth a try.
Took my Mom here when she was visiting along with my girlfriend for dinner. Pretty damn good. I had BBQ Tempeh with rice pilaf (meh: spicier than I expected and didn't have any real depth or mix to flavor-- just warmed up tempeh with a decent spicy sauce on top. Probably shouldn't be called BBQ). Girlfriend had the pesto gnocchi, which was delicious. Mom had some sort of blue cheese falafel burger or something (ok, a little dry). We also got the bourbon chocolate tarte to go, and that was ****-ing (four-starring) amazing. Super rich with amazing flavor. I understand its frozen beforehand, and warmed up in the oven before serving at the restaurant-- we wound up microwaving the cold torte the next morning for a bit too long and it melted into a delicious puddle of chocolate and bourbon. The beer menu is awesome; the decor is awesome; and the service was awesome, which is enough to nudge me from 3 to 4 stars on an Ebert scale (judge things on the merits of what they are aspiring to be, and consider the context around them). A lot of people apparently have problems with wait times here, and my co-workers told me to "be there early, for sure." Since my mom wasn't getting in until around 9:30, I called the restaurant and they told me that the kitchen closes dinner service at 11pm, but continues with the limited bar menu afterwards. We showed up at around 10:20 pm on a Thursday and had zero wait time for dinner service, and there were 2 empty tables when we got there, and a bunch more by the time we left. YMMV, but my family is accustomed to 10pm dinners so it was good for us.
The Top is a staple of downtown Gainesville. The Taco Tuesday specials are our favorites and I've yet to be disappointed with a single order. The service here has really stepped up in the past few years and while you'll probably have to wait to be seated, it will be well worth it. While not great with hosting and accommodating large groups, its a great way to introduce friends to our unique Gainesville culture. Make sure to order the sweet potato fries and don't skip on the dessert or drinks!
The Top is an amazing experience. The cooks know how to cook and season perfectly, and their menu has plenty on it for everyone. I haven't had anything here yet that I haven't loved! The atmosphere is casual, but quirky and indie. It's a GREAT place for dates, promising good food, good service, and an intimate but laid back environment. There's a bar on the back patio that doesn't deserve to be overlooked, as well, which has a wonderfully romantic ambiance. ALWAYS save room for dessert - EVERYTHING on their menu is incredible.
Still full of hipster's, but still great food for a great price.  Excellent vegetarian options.  The meat dishes I've gotten have always been quite good as well. The service can be inconsistent.  Generally my experience has been that it's rushed.  Not unfriendly, just really fast-paced.  They might have just been short-staffed or something, but it would have been annoying if I wanted to take my time and enjoy the atmosphere. Get the corn nuggets, seriously.
HUGE burgers! 1/2lb patties with a huge variety of toppings/condiments, and killer sweet potato fries! I had the burger with chimichurri sauce and peppers, and swiss cheese. The sauce was delicious! The burger came out a little greasy, but definitely is super tasty! Sweet potato fries were crispy and flavorful and come with a delicious horseradish sauce for dipping! The ambience is pretty casual but not too loud for a birthday dinner or casual date night. yum.
Twitter size review: Very quality grub, local fare, great beer selection. Must have the pumpkin cheesecake this fall.
What can I say, it's the best food in gainesville. But there is no good food in gainesville... If you play here at night eventually you'll become entangled in a web of drama and be too embarrassed/ frightened to come back for food in the daylight. Side note: as this entire block appears to be owned by the top, going from here to the Atlantic, to the fla gallery, to the wooly becomes a fine exercise in college town hyperreality : how to stay on one street and trick yourself into thinking its satisfying. It's always fun tho.
Most everyone loves The Top. I think it's pretty, pretty, pretty good, but not great. A few years ago I had a buffalo tempeh sandwich here that was honestly the best sandwich I'd ever eaten in my life up to that point. Impressive, considering the frequency of my sandwich habit. It'd been downhill ever since, though; I ordered the same sandwich a couple of weeks ago and it was pretty bland. Call me old-fashioned, but I expect any dish with the adjective "Buffalo" to be spicy, and that was hardly the case here. Bummer. Well, I changed my order on my most recent visit and wouldn't ya know it, the sandwich this time (a tempeh reuben) was pretty damn good. Nice and flavorful. You'll never mistake it for corned beef, but for a vegetarian it's quite the treat. Great sweet potato fries. Oh, and get the corn nuggets as an appetizer--delicious! The service here is usually pretty good. Could be a bit faster at times, but it's a busy place. I get it. The decor has always been unique and fun to look at. Great beer selection and a full liquor bar. Like most GNV restaurants, a far more enjoyable place to visit when The Fest ISN'T happening.
What can I say. I'm a Gainesvillian and I love The Top! I go here on my birthdays and enjoy the funky decor and the waiters that are just as interesting as the weird lamp on your table. The drinks are potent and priced well. The lights are dim. They have an outside bar too. I have had the sweet potato fries, corn fritters, tacos, pork belly, pasta, desserts... its all freaking good and decently priced. I have never had a bad experience here. Always always get the corn fritters. And always get the peanut butter pie. If I leave Gainesville, I will miss The Top the most.
Tons of vegetarian options and a bar. Vegan chocolate cake that tastes better than regular chocolate cake. Their Sunday brunch is better than church could ever aspire to be. Fact: the wait staff probably doesn't like you. Get over it.
Place isn't bad. Food is great! I just wasn't thrilled to see a bunch of emo mofos working there. sweet potato fries and the pepper crusted steak is a must try.
I cannot believe I have not written a review of The Top yet. Hands down my favorite place in Gainesville. It's the first place I go with people. Their sweet potato fries are amazing. Better than any I've had across the country. Servers are all friendly and usually have a great sense of humor. Their margaritas are nice and strong and their menu suits the heartiest meat eater and the strictest vegan. I also hold a special place in my heart for their photobooth, where I've spent way too much money. 4 stars for the wait though. Man the wait is ridiculous sometimes. Friday or Saturdays expect to wait minimum an hour, but sometimes you see people who just got there get a table way before you. Otherwise, I love The Top.
Never had a bad meal here. I love the thai peanut dish. The gnocchi is fabulous. The best thing ever, though, is their chocolate peanut butter pie or whatever it's called. Ohmygod. I have yet to find a dessert that good anywhere else in the world. P.S. - Joaquin Phoenix apparently visits this place whenever he's in town. Or so I hear.
The menu selection isn't that appealing to a non-vegetarian, and they definately gave their steak the "go-away" price.  (everything else on the menu is moderately priced)  What do have is very good though, there are 2-3 dishes that I really like, and they are so good I would go back there and just order the same 2 things each time. I love the decorations, and the atmosphere, its a beautiful place to eat. Also, its a hipster bar at night playing a really eclectic mix of music which is refreshing.  Its not just the uber-indy obscure music. Also, they have some nice tables that are intimate, it is a great date location.
Another day, another The Top review. Ok, just had one of the best veggie burgers of my life. The mastodon, with black bean burger, seitan bacon, and minus cheese add mushrooms. Holy shit, I will have to control my urges.....when something gets seared into your subconscious, like this, you best watch your gut. Also, my server was yes probably tipsy, bearded, tattooed, hipsterish whatever. But you know what, I was with my parents and my dad is one to not keep quiet if he has a few and doesn't like the service....and he did....and he didn't. Our subhuman hipster was attentive, totally unobtrusive, our glasses were never empty, and he gave us good advice on food and drinks. In fact one of my best service experiences was here a few months back, so maybe I have good luck or lower standards or am just not a whiny b-yoch. Drinks.....so happy to live in a town which has so much local support. I had a beer from Tarpon Springs, that was weird and strong, which I liked with my burger. Pops had corn whisky from Flagler Beach....once on the rocks, and once neat (b/c the rocks got in the way of flavor enjoyment). They enjoyed their tacos, one with tuna and the other grouper....the former being the standout. And my mom and dad had a debate over their crispy sweet potato fries prompting my mom to order some for "dessert." It was over the top, but somehow appropriate. You are lucky if you get the room next to the bar....way more ambiance but also can be much louder (the bass was too much for sensitive momma and even for my half deaf self)....dad complained too but at the same time was bouncy and drumming  the table to the latin jazz most of the wait. Recommend: fried pickles, corn nuggets, salads, their veggie/vegan brunch items, country fried seitan (wed.), photo booth. Only thing that I've had that is lacking is some of their asian dishes. I would be happy if only asian places had asian dishes. 4.5 overall. Go with friends, family, or dates. Sadly not open Mondays (but respect to a place that gives workers a rest) and not sure when exactly the brunch is...maybe just Sunday now?
Contrary to prevailing opinion, the food is quite good.  My partner is a vegetarian, and can always find something wonderful, whereas I, an omnivore, can find something delightful to eat as well.  Their daily specials are quite tasty, and I was surprised recently to find they make very good BBQ pork sandwiche.  Sunday brunch is also very good, though for vegetarian breakfast fare, I would refer you to 43rd Street Deli (particularly the one on 13th St) or The Jones. Service can quickly become overwhelmed during peak hours due to the popularity of The Top, so it is highly recommended that you time your visits to times that aren't packed.  Having been to the The Top many years now, I have only had one instance of bad service, and I have not seen that particular waiter since. The staff are admittedly a little alternative, but don't let that dissuade you.  They're courteous and helpful, and I hope that you are not so thin-skinned as to be put off by tattoos or piercings or the like.
We showed up at 7:30 on a Friday night and were seated within thirty minutes. Impressive. We ordered a plate of sweet potato fries, which the waiter forgot but was really sweet about and comped it without us even saying anything. They were good, but I think the ones at cafe gardens are better. I got the pesto gnocchi with pecan encrusted tofu. As a meat eater, I usually disdain the idea of squishy oddly-textured meat replacements, but I wanted to try it.  It was good though, maybe overly flavorful. My vegetarian friend didn't like her meal at all though. Fortunately (for her), she liked mine.   I would go again, but I wasn't blown away. The plight of high expectations.
Great place to eat or have a cocktail... Huge menu and great vibe! Will definitely go back again on next visit...
I think this is my favorite place to eat, ever. Gainesville has some amazing food for being an otherwise mediocre college town. But I digress. While this is typically a college hipster/bearded bicycling boys sort of restaurant, my whole family (3 generations) loves it so we go for regular family nights out when I'm home or for special occasions. My "Death Row meal" (no joke) is an appetizer of hot sweet potato fries, pecan encrusted tofu over vegan caesar salad with a slice of ciabatta and a wedge of lemon, and a giant piece of vegan chocolate cake. Oh, that cake. One slice is enough for 2-3 people. The cake is moist and rich and the frosting is like decadent mousse or pudding. It is also not $9 a slice like the other good vegan cake in town at Sisters. The rum cake is not nearly as good, so just get something else. My mom especially loves the giant peanut butter pie. It's probably 4 or 5 inches tall all the way through. For the omnivorously inclined, there are always interesting burger or fish specials and a whole page of sandwiches on the back of the menu. You can choose options from each category until you have what you want. My dad likes the bleu cheese burger, while an old boyfriend of mine always ordered the "Mastadon burger". It was huge and included what I think was chipotle sauce, onion rings on top, and a side of purple slaw. One time my friend and I had a hankering for a cherry coke, so the server got creative and made them out of coke and grenadine syrup. It was wonderful. I have rarely had slow or bad service, maybe a bit slow when they're slammed busy. I love that The Top is open late (2 am for the bar), but the regular restaurant does seem to have weird hours during the day and evening. Consistent hours for lunch and dinner would definitely help. I love the vegan french toast for Sunday brunch, and the new back porch is pretty cute. Parking is, however, kind of lousy unless it's after hours and you can park at the state attorney's office (I guess that is the building?) across the street. Avoid paying $5 for the parking garage if at all possible. I hope this didn't come off as fanatical. I'm just really excited for that cake when I go home next weekend.
The top is a staple in downtown Gainesville.  Everyone's been, and everyone likes it. All the food I've tried has been good. They offer both delicious vegetarian and non vegetarian options. The widower is delicious! But as the name implies it's by no means healthy. Lots of meat, lots of bacon, lots of cheese. Be sure to try the corn nuggets and sweet potato fries! If you're going at night be prepared to wait for a table as they are usually pretty busy. The service is ok, but can get pretty slow. It is a bit hipster-y and the decorations are very eclectic. But it's a great place to go for a good meal and a good drink.
One of the top restaurants in Gainesville, The Top offers a variety of meals to satisfy anyone's taste buds.  Their menu includes various meat dishes, fish, pastas, burgers, and both vegetarian and vegan choices, which means groups with differing tastes can gather here and be happy!  People rave about their corn nuggets, and while I feel creamed corn (even when fried) is a little gross, their sweet potato fries are to die for.  The drink menu is long, which means you have lots of options!  To top it all off, The Top has a damn cool vibe.  Local and garage sale-found items hang on the walls.  People of every social circle frequent the restaurant creating an "All are welcome" feel which just makes eating more enjoyable.
I word: Amazing.  If you're going to the top, splurge, get appetizers and taste what everyone gets because this place has the best food in Gainesville. I'd recommend any of the pasta dishes.  Portions are large and plenty to share so go with a group!
Just got finished dinner here and I'm definitely plan on going back again. Our waitress, Senta, was incredible. I have very specific dietary restrictions and she was completely accommodating and helpful. I had the chimichurri steak with steamed veggies and it was delicious. Everyone else was also super happy with their meals. It exceeded any expectations I could have had about it. I would recommend this for every part. Food, help, menu, and quality. All awesome!
The top is a pretty awesome restaurant. Once I was there for a couple of hours, just having a very in-depth conversation, and the lighting went from natural lighting, to all of the lights over the tables dimmed, to candlelight, which was incredibly romantic and it changed the ambience from casual to the nighttime vibe. (I hope that makes sense) Also, the last time I went, I had the sweet potato fries as our appetizer, and they were the best I've had! Wonderful place!
My favorite restaurant in Gainesville, by miles! I love going here. For a table for two, the wait usually isn't more than 20-30 minutes, even on busy nights. For the quality of the food, the prices are great. Their peppercorn crusted steak is phenomenal, and their burgers are fabulous (Widowmaker!). Creative, tasty dishes that defy the typical Americana-style restaurant experience are the highlight of this place. Their lighting and decor is also great. I always feel very comfortable when I'm in this restaurant -- more than any other -- and the atmosphere it provides goes a long way in achieving that. Servers are very friendly and attentive, and the recent expansion they made on the bar makes the place feel much more roomy than before, which is nice.
Love this place! My husband and I were new to town and looked on yelp for the perfect restaurant to go to on our first visit to Gainesville and we really enjoyed it. The vibe is hipster chic and with really cute decorations throughout. The bar crowd there is fun, but nothing too crazy. Corn nuggets are amazing! My husband got the Pork Belly and I got the Stuffed Chicken. We both loved our food and can't wait to go back again soon!
This was our first experience at the Top, and maybe we went in with high expectations from friends' recommendations. The ambience was fun -- we had a an old-school "dog care handbook" on our table, which we enjoyed reading through -- the beer and cocktails list was great, and the service was wonderful and pleasant. I was very disappointed in the food, though. Perhaps we didn't make the best menu selections: I had the spicy noodle bowl, which had a lot of heat but very little flavor aside from a distinct sour taste. I ate no more than a few bites, which is saying a lot considering how much I hate wasting food or offending restaurant staff. My fiance had the chevrenistic pig, an angus burger with goat cheese, roasted garlic cloves, and pork belly, which came with a side of potato salad. The burgery was tasty but unremarkable; the potato salad seemed to be totally unseasoned. I would definitely give this place another whirl and stick to the recommended menu items from other reviews. Overall, it's a comfortable place to dine with reasonable prices and a great bar.
Excellent food, well prepared, unique different items and tastes. Not into the hipster atmosphere, and a little away from the "normal" restaurants (as is the food), but all-in-all a pleasurable experience.   Would definitely go back.
Here's the thing. The Top is not the place I go to when I want a nice dinner out. It is however, the place I go to when I want some food with my beer. Or whiskey. Or maybe no food at all. They serve strong drinks and at a decent price. The wait service is hit or miss. There are some great on the spot servers and some who could lay off the bong a bit. But, whatever. You'll notice the bad ones don't stick around long. Overall, I love The Top. It's a great locally owned place to drink a few on a Friday night.
If you read my last review, that was The Top a while back. Just about everything is the same except they changed the menu a few months back and I feel like it's lost a little bit. They got rid of my favorite salad dressing, the mango vinaigrette, and a couple others. The spicy peanut dish has changed, while i like the addition of broccoli, the way it's cooked isn't as good. Now don't get me wrong, I still love the san diego chicken and many others meals there, but the change in a few of my favorite items really disappointed me. Still worth the visit, just haven't been going as much.
I hate to love the top and I love to hate the top. It is getting a 5 star rating because it has earned it from me over years of eating here. First things first. I'm not cool enough to eat here. For years I would enter this place at the request of a cohort of mine to realize upon sitting at the table - this was a mistake... Tempeh? Okra what? What are these fried banana looking things? And why is everyone everywhere covered in clothing my grandmother thinks is outdated? Oh - this is the top! Looking back on it now I remember this learning experience fondly. All those same things are still true about the top except that now I've changed... I LOVE the fried plantains - one of my favorite things on the menu now. Since becoming vegetarian tempeh is one of my staple (and favorite) protein sources. And okra everything is now my motto. Since marrying a punk rocker I've become totally immersed in the Gainesville counter-culture and understand that now too - even if I still don't personally choose this fashion approach. I respect and even admire this little restaurants ability to thrive amidst the burger kings and chili's of the world! Oh the Top - how I now love you despite the fact that I didn't want to.
This place is a hidden gem :). Friendly bartenders, good food, unique drink selection. Jay the bartender took great care of us, he was very nice and accommodating. He went above and beyond to take care of us. Highly recommend this place! Sundays are great, happy hour all day!
I heard a lot of good things about this place, so I finally decided to go with my boyfriend over the past weekend. We had some friends coming in from out of town, and we wanted to take them to something uniquely Gainesville. The restaurant is in Downtown Gainesville, so parking is always an adventure in itself. The restaurant has a quirky, artistic, and hipster vibe to it. There's funky drawings of animals on the wall, antique radios out for display, hand blow-glass lanterns, and old black and white films playing on the televisions. Super fun. The restaurant staff is extremely fast and nice. I'm unfortunately one of those people that drinks my water too fast, too often. The waiter promptly refilled our entire tables drinks so quickly, we didn't even notice he had stopped by! He also helped us out with drink specials, so we could get the most bang for our buck! The only downside about the restaurant is the wait. We had to wait almost an hour. And they don't seat all the tables fully, probably due to the smaller kitchen. For appetizers, we got the Corn Nuggets and Fried Pickles. The corn nuggets were to die for!! Everyone ate them so fast! I would recommend the ranch sauce with it. The fried pickles were also really good! Crunchy and fried to perfection! I would get the curry catsup with them. For the main meal, I got the San Diego chicken. It's a stuffed chicken with corn, crab meat, gorgonzola, and vegetables in it. Soooo delicious! The chicken was extremely juicy! The mashed potatoes and brocoli that came with it were delicious too! Definitely a lot of food. I was so full! Everyone else had pork stomach ruben sandwich, a huge variety of unique burgers, gourmet grilled cheese (you could taste every type of cheese!!). Our meal was definitely worth what everyone was buzzing about.
I would love to be able to provide a review based on their food, however I can not. I'm not sure which reviewer it was that described this as a hipster hell hole, but it was right on the money. We were in town for the arts fest, and after scouring yelp for something I could eat at lunch that would be a satisfying meal to carry me through to breaking down for the event, I settled on The Top. I couldn't decide between the gnocchi topped with blackened tofu, or the mediterranean pasta topped with grilled tempeh. After a lengthy wait to even speak to the sloth speed counter lady, I finally got a chance to ask about the food. I was immediately told (in a very bitchy tone) that I couldn't order that anyway, as they were currently serving brunch... blah. Okay, "when does brunch end?", I asked hopefully. She told me brunch was over at 1:45. No big deal, I can wait an hour for a satisfying meal. Thinking better of trusting that that would happen I asked, "So, after that, the regular menu kicks back in?", she said no... the regular menu isn't back till 5 pm. Forgive me for not wanting a friggin frittata at 2 in the afternoon, but honestly, do you have to be inefficient, unpleasant, and completely unaccomodating when there is a huge festival with people from all over the state visiting? Is the goal to drive away new customers? I know we won't ever eat there whether we return for a festival or to photograph nearby springs and landscapes, we will stick to The Reggae Shack, The Lunch Box, and Emiliano's all of which have veggie food for me, and all of which are a hell of a lot friendlier.
Hands down the best waiting service experience I've ever had. The manager was our waiter and he was fantastic! Very friendly atmosphere. $2 dollar photo booth  and full bar. We got there right when they opened the doors @ 5. The food was fresh and oh so magnificent! If you look at their photos I posted some of the stuff we ate. The Mac n cheese will make u slap your mama and call her Sally! I will never go anywhere else for Mac n cheese. EVER! Super cheesy, peppery, ultra creamy goodness. It's like an explosion of flavor in your mouth. Yum-O! Oh I mustn't forgot the vegan chocolate cake. Are you w/ me? Good.... This cake us better than regular chocolate cake. Very moist and delicious. The Top is now 1 of my all time fav spots. You'll love it too! If not then.... You don't know good food and quality ingredients.
Wish I knew what the Top was like but I never got a chance to go in as the doorman wouldn't let anyone in because my friend's license was expired which in itself wasn't so much the issue as the way in which the situation was handled. I'm guessing that perhaps because it is a college town people are much stricter about ids. My friend had an electronic receipt proving he had recently renewed his license & was waiting for it to come by mail but apparently only paper receipts are valid proof???  Overall, it seemed kind of silly. It could have been handled a little more hospitably & the Top ended up with 6 fewer patrons last night. And I was left with a very poor first impression.
Fun atmosphere, interesting menu with something for every taste, and the only negative is the wait for a table.
Too many hippies and veg nuts.  Service sucks and food was okay.  If you are going to be like chop stix in regards to service, at least serve great food.  It is one of those overhyped places that just don't live up to the hype.  The staff acts like know it all I am too cool to serve you.  Tip left $.25.
I came back up to Gainesville for a day and was in the mood for Top. These fuckers get another star added from my previous grade of 4. As a drinking establishment they are still dropping the ball hard and it's still getting more and more filled with townies, but they updated their menu and it is incredible - completely makes up for the bad drink situation. Possibly the best restaurant in Gainesville, not that this is a terribly difficult title to earn. Tempeh Wellington, please.
I came in town for my lil bro's graduation and YELPED this place and based on the rating...we decided to give it a try. WHAT A HORRIBLE DECISION! If you know what GOOD GNOCCHI is supposed to taste like, and you have had PORK BELLY at a decent restaurant....then listen up....DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT ORDER THE PORK BELLY WITH GNOCCHI!!!!! You will thank me for that tip. Here...let me describe it to you. The plate came...and at first glance, the gnocchi already appeared unappetizing. Then i stuck my fork in. The density was exactly like if you were to stick 15 gummy bears in your mouth and chew it up halfway. NO FLAVOR. And as for the pork belly....sigh....when i think about that slab of thick fat that looked as though it was barely tossed around in a pan before being thrown on the plate, it makes my stomach turn. Pale, white thick rubbery piece of fat with NO distribution of meat anywhere in sight. yup. Just pork fat. Don't even bother calling it pork belly, because pork belly should look exactly like uncut slab of bacon(which it is)with beautiful ribbons of meat in between fat, and when PROPERLY cooked in any number of ways, SHOULD MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. You should be able to almost cut it with a fork/spoon. THIS pork belly here at The Top, was so rubbery and undercooked, I could probably have thrown it on the ground and I swear it would have bounced up 6 feet into the air. When i confronted our server with this...she simply replied(in her hipster condescending tone).."um, thats how we make it here." I'm giving it only one star instead of none because A) Yelp won't allow a zero star rating and B) because the server actually took it off the bill. My fiancé did enjoy his burger though.
You don't really go to this place for great food (because it's not) or for cheap drinks (because they're not), but you go there for the laid-back indie-rock/emo vibe that's prominenet in the Gainesville area.  The ambience isn't exactly quiet since they blast their gut-wrenching music that you have to shout over to talk to friends or the wait staff...
Alright, so I came here one Saturday night for a pick up order... the special was fish and chips and I was closing at my work around the corner, so I dropped by here for dinner.  DELICIOUS!!  Beer-battered fish (not sure what kind of fish though), yummy fries, awesome tartar sauce and some traditional malt vinegar to accompany the fish.  Top, you are growing on me... maybe you will be worthy of a five star review from me one of these days.... :)
Fantastic food! Both my husband and I were thoroughly impressed with our dishes there. It was worth the wait! If we head back to Gainesville again, we will definitely be stopping at The Top.
The Top is my favorite G-ville place to be, period. The atmosphere is very outlandish; there are decors and books are all over the world. It does live up to its reputation as *the* hipster spot in town but I think both the hipsters and not-so-hipster crowd can find validity in the following statement: the food there is AMAZING. I've been to The Top for  brunch, dinner, and late-night bar/food scene. I'm a sucker for their tempeh dishes so I'd always order something that has tempeh in it. At brunch, my friend and I were seated relatively quickly because we walked in shortly after they opened. We ordered freshly squeezed orange juice and a buffalo tempeh strip appetizer, which tasted like buffalo wings but of course, easier to the stomach. I proceeded to order a tempeh melt, which was paired w/ a fresh side of salad. The salad was made from vegetables procured from local producers so it was FRESH. The melt was made on ciabata bread. My only complaint with the dish was that the surface area of the bread was too small so overall, the entree dish wasn't filling enough by itself. NOW, onto dinner. I must warn you, they DON'T take reservations and they can get pretty crowded. The wait can be ridiculous (my friends tried to go their on their bdays on multiple occasions but were told the wait was 2+hrs). So to do this, you either have to 1) go early or 2) go right before they switch gears to bar mode. I was fortunate enough to grab dinner there on several occasions. Their fried gator tail w/ collared greens is a must try. First of all, gator tail might sound exotic to you but I can guarantee you that the protein structure resembles that of a chicken. So yes, it does taste like chicken. This entree paired w/ collared greens is definitely not for the faint of heart because it's very rich and filling. They recently expanded their indoors bars to accommodate more people (about time because it used to be a cluster f*ck in there). They have a wide selection of drinks but they go all out on mixed drinks when it comes to the alcoholic content, so you do get what you pay for. I recommend going there on Thursdays for their 2 dollar PBR tallboy special. Their late-night menu contains one-fourth of the content found on the regular dinner menu. But let's be honest, who in the world would want to eat a full-blown dinner dish at the table when the people around you are boozing up? I recommend their fries or even their sweet potato fries w/ chutney ketchup. The chutney ketchup is their home blend of spices mixed w/ your typical American ketchup. It truly brings out the flavor of those fries. Lastly, they also offer a decent selection of desserts (all self-made). I've tried their carrot cake and vegan chocolate cake. I usually like my cake moist in texture and the carrot cake there nailed it. The chocolate cake was a little stiff for my taste but the mousse on top and the icing compensated for the shortcoming.
crappy hippie food desguised as edible crap. Just kidding. For being a hippie place is not THAT bad. Service sucks. They rush you and don't let you split checks into several credit cards. They make you walk a few blocks to an ATM. Eh...
I went with a friend to The Top tonight.  We made sure to go a little early, around 6pm, so we didn't have to wait to be seated. It's pretty dark and loud inside but its hipster decor and ambiance is charming. It took me forever to decide what I wanted, because they have a large menu, all of which sounds awesome. I decided on the Eggplant Rollatini, and my friend got the Mushroom Ravioli.  I was a little wary of the cashew cheese that would come on the eggplant, but gave it a whirl. When it first came out, my immediate reaction was that it looked pretty darn good, but also small. However, it turned out to be the perfect size for dinner.   The eggplant was really thinly sliced, and stuffed with the cashew cheese, on a bed of spaghetti squash, covered with marinara.  And oh baby was it fantastic. I would love to go here again! It was had a little pricey, but hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to in Gainesville.  There are tons of options for vegans/vegetarians/gluten intolerant, etc. and also "normal" people. Also, our server was fantastic! I think his name was J Rey, according to my receipt. Bottom line, you have to try this place!
I've dined here once, the burger and sweet potato fries were tasty and that is the only reason they get two stars. I attempted to dine here again the other night... Yes, it was a Friday and I was expecting a wait. We went to the bar to get some drinks to help pass the time. It literally took the bartender close to 15 minutes to even acknowledge I needed something. I saw at least 3 dudes get their drinks before me who had just walked up. Ok, I'm a girl, and girl bartender probably doesn't expect me to tip as well- which I do, and did. I have bartended before and know it can be hectic so I definitely gave the girl a little break. The staff kind of treat you like you are dumb/ not edgy enough to be there if you're not sporting a sleeve of bicycle tattoos and a cool ironic t-shirt. I reasoned with my friends who didn't want to be there for that reason because they had good food.  When we dared to ask how the wait was looking for our group of FOUR the host acted like we should feel blessed to get the opportunity to eat there at all. We literally waited an hour and a half before we walked over to Harry's (where we were immediately seated). The Top Host didn't call us until we were already done eating at Harry's to seat us. Basically, go to this place in the middle of the day in your best hipster gear and maybe you'll be treated like a human. PS. To the dude wearing the NWA T-Shirt, I doubt you actually know any of their shit.
Definitely one of my favorite spots in Gainesville! It's your favorite pub, lounge and restaurant all in one! Fun drinks! Delicious burgers! Gotta have the Peanut-butter Pie for dessert. Don't tell my mom but it's borderline better than hers. Always the same friendly staff ++ For the wine drinkers out there, try the Petite Petite. It's the best $32 bottle of wine you'll find in any restaurant!
Came here on a Friday night without a reservation and were seated in under half an hour.  The restaurant was pretty busy and loud. The food here was excellent.  We ordered the Tofu Triangles appetizer, Ancho Bean Cakes, and the NY Strip.  Service was satisfactory.  Quirky interior.  They even have a photo booth.
I asked for a dirty martini and they gave me a glass of cold seawater.  I won't be back for another.
For the price, the food is very good.  Every entree was around $15 or less which is very reasonable.  I ordered the trout and it was tasty but not blow me out of this world fantastic.  Also ordered the corn nuggets which are always delicious and hard to mess up.  I also had their special Irish Car Bomb cake to celebrate  the holiday.  The cake was very dry and tasted like alcohol.  Not a fan of the dryness.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and cool.  There was a drunk lady sitting across from me and she came over and gave me a hug out of nowhere... OH GAINESVILLE!
While my friends and I usually enjoy the tops atmosphere... We are unwilling to wait for an hour and a half for food and atmosphere we suspect our position in line was usurped by a certain mayor figure. We would like to be informed to wait over an hour for our party of 6 on a Wednesday night.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for the Top! It is definitely one of our favorite places in town. They have, hands down, the best sweet potato fries ever!!! Also, their peanut butter pie is sublime. They have a huge number of vegetarian items available, so after half a lifetime of not have any choices, I get a little overwhelmed. I think if they shortened their menu a bit they could better execute things...They have great burgers for my husband, their fish tacos are decent at best and I am not a fan of their corn fritters despite them being quite popular. They recently took away and added menu options, I tried their new Asian noodles and while tasty, they were incredibly heavy. Their salads are bad...wilted lettuce and overly garliky dressing. They do tofu really well here, not an afterthought like most places. I really like their black bean cakes. Their veggie burgers are super heavy though, dense dense dense...and with the dense pretzel bun its a heavy hitter. They taste good, but nothing compared to the veggie burger at Houston's (unfortunately the closest Houston's is in Winter Park). Whenever I get grilled fish, the vegetables and starch they put on the plate are terrible. Total afterthought and so boring. We would go more often but if you go there on a popular night there can be a wait as long as an hour and a half...We try to go either early, late or on weekdays. The decor of the top is very quirky. I think to work here you have to be a hipster and either wear large glasses, have facial hair, have many tattoos, wear exclusively vintage clothing, look dirty or all of the above. Sometimes I wonder if they have banned the staff from wearing deodorant. All the flea market items decorating the place make me really nervous...they look icky to me. They have cleaned the place up over the years, painting over the water marks on the ceiling and adding additional bar space and little bistro tables. I wish they had redone the bathrooms though, they are so gross!! That't the number one reason why I would never even think about taking my parents here. I have given them a lot of harsh criticism in this review, but overall their food is good and we will definitely be back for more many many times.
I went to The Top the other night with a friend and wanted to update my review since I'd not been in for a while. Thankfully, nothing has changed, and certainly nothing has changed for the worse. The food and quirky, fun, atmosphere are the same as ever and the service not only friendly and attentive, but prompt by any standards. It always surprises and confuses me when other reviewers write on here about how the service is poor at The Top and bemoan that it's just a haunt for hipster kids trying to be cool: service here can get somewhat slow on busy nights, like anywhere, and because The Top is popular it can have very busy nights. In fact, last night was a Tuesday and I was slightly surprised we had to wait about 25 minutes for a table, but it was that busy. However, once seated, the service was prompt and spot-on. I ordered a slice of the vegan coconut rum cake--which I've had before and it was always stellar, but this time it seemed stale and dry. No worries, I told our waiter and sent it back, getting the chocolate torte instead. The waiter was very apologetic about it and quickly returned with the torte. Cakes can get stale and you don't ever know what will sell quickly and what won't, so I don't fault The Top on the condition of the cake, either. In all, it was a great experience as always. The haters can hate: I've been to The Top more times than I can even count and never had what I would consider a bad experience and even in those rare cases when something is wrong, such as that cake, they do make it right. It's a treasure for Gainesville for sure.
I love the bar at The Top--definitely our group's go-to spot for Friday and Saturday nights. Of course, it can be a bit too hipster-friendly, but the three different areas and the great outdoor space allow you to avoid any shenanigans. I also ate at the restaurant last Saturday, fully expecting bar-food but was thrilled at the buffalo tempeh, Mastodon Burger, and Thai rice dish. Certainly my favorite place in Gainesville, but do be aware of the exceptionally long wait times (over an hour for dinner on Friday) that speak particularly to the dearth of acceptable options in town.
I - and all of my friends who no longer live in Gainesville - regularly lament the fact that there doesn't seem to be anyplace quite like The Top in our newfound places of residence (which is surprising, given that most of us live in big cities). I miss the burgers, the corn nuggets, the blue cheese dressing, and the sweet potato fries in particular. (I used to love the tuna skewer salad, but something happened along the way there and I got burnt out on it.) Aesthetically, it's an inviting and ambient environment. Service-wise, there's 'tude all the way around, but if you can deal with the people who work at Urban Outfitters, you can deal with the people who work here too.
We went for a nice romantic Tuesday dinner and the place was packed!  We had to wait 40 minutes for a table and it was well worth the wait.  The decor is nice and mellow, the atmosphere is  laid back.  For appetizers we had the fried pickles and the basket was FILLED with sliced pickles we didn't think there would be so many.  We also ordered the corn nuggets they were good and the garlic dip that came with it is delicious!!!  Once the main course came out I was full.  I  had the Gnocchi with Pecan Encrusted tofu and it was so delicious!  The portions are a nice size and prices reasonable.  I had a great night and delicious food!
Agree with the mixed review.  Honestly there are only a few items I like.  This was the place where I was first introduced to the heavenly sweet potatoe fries.  SO GOOD!  You can have it served w/ a side of honey or just ask for some of their garlic dressing sauce thing. Its sounds strange, but its really good. Their salads are good, but I usually order the turkey reuben.  Totally artsy fartsy friendly place and super veggietarian friendly.
This place was pretty good. The location is great and seems like a fun place to grab a drink. Really dark though. So dark, I had difficulty reading the menu. Prices for the brunch food were good and this place will be one of my two go to places for a burger. My husband ordered the biscuits with chorizo gravy. SO TASTY! I had the burger and ordered the corn nuggets as a side. While the corn nugguets were okay, the sauce was fabulous. The burger was perfectly seasoned with an awesome texture. However, it came medium well when I ordered medium rare and the bun (while delicious) was too holey and caused me to fork and knife it. The wait staff was friendly and attentive.
Enjoyed all the food and the staff was awesome. Plantain chips are great and I always appreciate a vegan option. Had the peanut dish over rice and the carrot Ginger soup. Decent mojitos as well.Great stuff
My niece who is a sophomore at UF took her mother and us (the lucky aunt & uncle) here for dinner on Sunday night of Labor Day weekend. It was crazy cowded and we waited a while for a table but we didn't mind at all!  We got drinks in the bar area (no, the under-21 year old wasn't served alcohol) and looked at the eclectic crowd and decor.  You could probably spend hours just finding everything they have put in the bar area.  Our entrees were delicious, the server was attentive and informed, and we thoroughly enjoyed our evening at The Top.  Some people are just more flexible than others, I guess.  It will be what you make of it.
The food's superb and the decor's eclectic. The plantain chips and corn nuggets are delicious appetizer choices. My fiance enjoys the San Diego chicken entree. Only drawback is there's almost always a wait. There's a good sized bar area, but even finding a seat to wait there can be a challenge.
Best restaurant  in town for veggie/vegan options.  Awesome drinks and desserts.  Always great, friendly service.
I hated this place the first time I tried it years ago - it wasn't the food, but the annoying service. BUT...they must have changed a lot. When I finally went back and gave it another shot, I was so excited to find the service awesome, the food fantastic, and I've always thought the atmosphere was fun. They have a great brunch on Sunday - They have vegan and vegitarian options too! I love the veggie burger, and of course, who doesn't love the corn nuggets.
The best cocktails in town, one of the best beer selections in town, and the food always delivers. I suggest going for the specials, had a excellent pork belly and wilted spinach salad the other night. The burgers are always a good choice. Service  can be spotty, thats why i always sit at the bar.
Great food and service! The menu choices are refreshing and creative, and the staff couldn't have been more attentive. Good selection of craft beers, and a fullt stocked bar with some unusual choices. Definitely worth the trip.
This is my absolute favorite place in town. The food is very unique and always outstanding. I appreciate their commitment to local and organic ingredients. The prices are incredibly reasonable and they have an incredible beer selection. This is a must-try.
If your driving around looking for a place to eat, you might just miss this place.  The Top offers a diverse menu, for those who enjoy steak  their peppercorn steak is a must, the ancho bean cakes & pecan encrusted tofu are great and they have the best vegan chocolate cake in Gainesville.  Their beer selection is also exceptional.  The Top offers a funky but fun environment, if you have not been here before is a must for your next outing.  I have been a customer for several years and have never had a bad meal nor have I ever experience bad service.  They do  get busy, especially on the weekends so be prepare to wait but definitely well worth it.
The top has amazing food and great beer. This is by far one of my favorite places to eat and hang out. The atmosphere is extremely relaxing, definitely a great place to go to after a long days work. The best!
Great food.  Fun atmosphere. Love this place.
Try a burger with an egg on top! Also, the sweet potato fries are a great post-work treat.
The food was so good I will have to give The Top a second chance, but a twenty minute wait for a table followed by an hour wait for the food to be served is a bit much.
One of the best places to eat in Gainesville imo. Everything on the menu is really good--drinks, burgers, pasta, appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and specials--you can't go wrong. Southern Fried Wednesdays are my favorite. Expect to wait for a table, but this is less of an issue now that they expanded their bar. Atmosphere is fun; really love the patio when it's not too hot outside.
I'm new to Gainesville, and missing the culinary scene in Chicago.  The Top makes me miss it a little less.  Honestly, almost every restaurant besides the Top has been near terrible here in gator country.  The Top, however, has very nice vegetarian and vegan options.  Even their salads (which I rarely eat at restaurants on principle as a vegan) are very tasty.  The tofu squares were styrofoam, and the icing on the coconut-rum cake was tasteless, but those were two exceptions to the largely tasty menu.  I think that this and Dragonfly are my only two options thus far for something decent to eat.
I came here on Valentine's day.  I love this place so much.   The atmosphere, more than the food I think, but the food is very eclectic and yummy!  I would definitely recomend this restaurant to anyone who hasnt tried it.
I am a huge fan of eggs on my burgers.  I am a huge fan of sweet potato fries.  I am a huge fan of The Top.   I've actually only ordered burgers and breakfast here before, and I've been here plenty of times.  They're just that good I can't deviate.  It gets ridiculously crowded on weekend nights, so be warned.
Southern fried Wednesdays! That's all I need to stay!
Unless you feel like being a little hipster kid or someone that thinks they are too good for anything but ambivalence and ambiguity you will not enjoy this place. For any dishes that can ever come close to enjoyable (mostly vegetarian it feels like) are vastly outweighed by the snobby, holier-than-thou attitude pervasive in this establishment.
Ate there twice on a recent trip to Florida. Fun, funky, worth the wait - it's just part of the experience. Great college scene for current, recent, and once upon a time students. Interesting mix of humanity from babies to oldsters, but the diversity is what you'd expect in a college town. But in the end, it's the food and service that counts. Good food with lots of selections for both carnivores, omnivores, vegetarians, and vegans. Good service, the staff keeps it moving. David, the manager, deserves kudos. He even works the tables.
One of my favorite restaurants in the world. If I have a guest and can only take them to one place in Gainesville, this is it. I'm a vegetarian, and this place has a huge variety of options for veggies and carnivores alike. The menu is almost dauntingly long, and they have a whole page of limited-time themed specials. The Top has an awesome hipster vibe you'll notice before you even walk in the door. The front windows are plastered with posters for local music and events. Next to the host's podium, there's a case full of random items you can buy at your own price for charity (I recently got an adorable crab plushie and set of 4 plates). The dining area itself is dimly lit (I've seen older people using flashlights). The booths are large and comfortable; the tables near the bar are comfortable enough but very close together (like... very close. Lots of unintentional eavesdropping). When the weather is nice, I like their outdoor seating-- large picnic-style tables, hanging globe lanterns, interesting wall furnishings.. I belieeeve there's also an outdoor bar, but I haven't been outside in a while, so don't quote me on that. :P I especially love the decor here-- bizarre paintings, stern-looking owls, assorted knickknacks on the shelves. There's a random book at every table for your reading pleasure, often something strange like tropical fish care or everything you ever wanted to know about South Dakota. I forgo my ipod for the great indie music they play. They have secured wifi-- ask a waiter for the password. I've heard complaints about the staff, but I've never had a problem here. Some waiters are the quiet type, others are very friendly. They're usually quite attentive, but they can get a bit slow when they're busy. You should note that their hours are a little unusual. Most days they don't open until 5 pm, which sucks when I absentmindedly head there for lunch. (: I'm not sure when (I'll have to ask next time I'm there), but past a certain hour, they only allow 21 and up. Also, this place gets busy FAST. I try to hit it within the first couple of hours it's open. Otherwise, the wait can be as much as an hour and a half. I think the crowd thins out as it gets later, but I don't test those waters often. Lately I've been on a vegan Caesar salad kick. I'm generally not impressed with salads at other places, but I LOVE their Caesar. It comes with bread and (if desired) feta cheese. I get it with blackened tofu (+$3) and it's absolutely delicious. This salad is huge-- don't order it as a side unless you've got a killer appetite. Another one of my favorite meals is the Mastodon burger with a falafel patty. Their falafel burgers are.. well.. when the waitress asked how my food was the first time I ordered it, I told her it was "magical." (: The extra $1.50 for sweet potato fries is completely worth it-- dunked in ranch dressing, they're to die for. Their desserts are a similarly incredible culinary experience. My favorites are their crunchy, gooey chocolate bourbon torte and their mouthwatering vegan chocolate cake. I would never, ever regret these calories. So so good. My only complaint is that it's on the expensive side. If I order a salad + topping, drink, and a dessert, my bill comes out to over $20 with tip. Regardless, the Top is amazing, and I dish out that cash with no hesitation whatsoever. Heartily recommended~ ------------------ Riding RTS? During the week: The Top is close to stops on the 5, 6, and 15 routes. If you go down a few streets to SW 2nd Avenue, you can also catch the 1 or 25. If you can brave the walk from the Rosa Parks downtown station (I usually do), you can get here from pretty much anywhere! Weekends: The Top is close to stops on the 400 and 407 routes. The 402 and 403 stop a few streets south on SW 2nd Avenue, and a dozen other routes stop at the downtown station.
Current Health inspection shows Critical violations for maintaining product temp., & 2 for backflow. 6 at Risk violations. I don't live here, but this restaurant was recommended to me so I drove up to check it out. A very eclectic menu. There is definately something for everyone listed on the menu. I had heard their corn fritters were a must have so I ordered them as a starter. For an entree, I ordered the pork belly gnocci with alfedo sauce and I added on tuna. I have no idea why I added it on, but it was an option so I wanted to check out the quality. The corn fritters let me down. No different than any other corn fritters that I have had. I was a bit disappointed that it was served in a plastic basket with ranch dressing. Seemed too simplistic for this establishment. Entree: Pork belly was excellant and you receive a very large portion. Tuna was cooked med. rare as I requested and it too was excellant the gnocci was good, but the sauce was over bearing. I believe there was too much cheese in the Alfredo sauce. Prices are a little high. Cleanliness was acceptable. The restaurant is very dark and kind of small, some out door seating, filled with chatchkes on the shelves. They open at 5:00 daily which I was surprised at. With food this good, and a large menu, they could certainly benefit from being open in the afternoon. Another drawback is their menu is not online. In addtion, they have no take out menus. So what do you do if you want take out? You have no idea what to order.
Went on a Saturday and it was packed. Had to wait outside near a bar and I'm not a drinker so I was mostly was bored and hungry. Creamed corn nuggets were amazing. Had a burger but I can't remember what was on it. Either way I finished it, which is a unique experience for me as I usually need multiple sittings or another mouth to finish a meal. I remember the fries being very good as well. Good times were had, would've jumped in the photobooth had there not been a line for it. Will definitely go back.
mmmmm....the burgers are delicious. and so are the fries. and the plantains. i'm not gonna lie, this place may come off a little strange but its defintiely a fun place to go. service is ehhh but the food is realllllllllly good. the only thing i've had that i didn't like was the black bean burger. it had a funky taste. the atmosphere is loud and funky, the perfect place for a night out with friends. parking sucks though, so be patient. all of the waiters are friendly and hipster, but it takes a while to get your food, which is how we discovered the hidden gem: their plantains. with the black bean dipping sauce its a little piece of heaven.
Incredible food and Swamphead beer on tap overwhelms the rather apathetic service.
Taco Tuesday, Pig's Head Taco, sounds weird but tastes great!  Espresso and Chile encrusted pork chops were awesome.  $2 PBR
The only thing I liked here were the sweet potato fries. Those are addictive! Other than that the food was bland. Good service and background music though.
As a vegan, I was happy to find this restaurant in town. Side story, when I visited Gainesville for my interviews, someone on the airplane recommended The Top restaurant to me. I finally made it! My friends and I went for Sunday brunch. I ordered the vegan benedict (interesting, never had the non-vegan version, so I can't compare) and vegan biscuit and soysage gravy (unfortunately a little salty, but we enjoyed it). I plan to go back to The Top again.
No more smoking inside, apparently the city finally decided after a few years their attempt to loophole the no-smoking law wasn't cutting it.
This restaurant's title is indicative of its position on the best of Gainesville's eating-out list.
The Top is the go-to restaurant/bar for me and my friends on a Thursday night. You can meet a wide variety of people and everyone is extremely friendly. The one exception to this is the "bouncer" at the front. He shows up around 9:30p.m.-10p.m. and restricts entrance to anyone under the age of 21. However, the restaurant's 21-and-up policy does not technically begin until 10p.m. on the dot. This man is very rude to the customers and decides to start blocking the entrance whenever he feels like showing up, which is  always before 10p.m. Other than that, the food is delicious and the atmosphere is perfect.
Their eclectic menu, cool vibe, and happy hour drink specials makes the Top a top hangout. The dinner specials are sure to please and worth the price. Vegetarians will love the buffalo tempeh and carnivores will adore the pepper encrusted filet.
How am I the first to review the Top?  Crazy.  Yes, it can be a hipster's paradise, but the food is SO GOOD, it hardly matters.  Lots of great vegetarian options (including interesting tofu & tempeh recipes), the soup is superb when they offer it, consistently yummy salads, and I LIVE for Wednesday's "southern" nights.  Their hoppin' john is excellent.  Not open on Mondays or for lunch, but they do have a great Sunday brunch, and it's always a great place to grab a beer!
Good vegetarian options. Derive was decent. Its a great place to have a relaxed dinner or lunch. The brunch was minimalist but good.
If you haven't been here, go. It's a quirky place in Gainesville that you just have to try out to know if you like it or not. Their burgers are great and so is some of their pasta selections. It's very "hipster" and filled with dim lighting, but still a fun place to try out. The only reason I didn't give this place a full 5 stars was because they don't take reservations and waiting for a table can take up to sometimes an hour. And their parking isn't great (street parking only). Make sure you try their fried corn appetizer. I LOVE the sauce it comes with.
Amazing salads: pecan-encrusted tofu, blackened tuna. Perfect dessert: chocolate bourbon truffle torte. Sweet potato fries, southwestern pasta, yum. Service slows down as the night goes on and I've heard there's a more limited night menu, but likely everything's good no matter what you get.
I go through different Top phases, when I hate it and feel that it's incredibly over-rated with dishes that *sound* good but don't taste good.  Then there are other times when I crave me some Hoppin John w/collards and corn bread.  Lately I've been going to it more and more, I especially like the brunch because it's cheap and they have the best pancakes in town.  I've even stopped ordering pancakes at the Plaza (sorry Carol) because I'd rather get my pancake fix here.  I also love their tempeh gravy and biscuits for $3.75.  Damn, so maybe I don't even hate it anymore.  Okay so hipsters work here, I almost always get good service and cheap tasty food.  I'm a dork because I get excited when my old band comes up on the iPod.
Bohemian ambiance. Eclectic menu: expansive vegan selection, great meat dishes and everything in between. Best drinks in town (so far.) I've never had a bad time or anything to complain about, an honest 4 stars, check it out.
I love this place.  I miss it so much!  I have only been disappointed once in at least 20 trips here.  I've tried food all over the menu and loved every bite.  Oh wait.  Except the corn nuggets.  People love them but I absolutely can't get with them.  Service is mostly good.
Friendly bartenders. Good beer selection. Inviting patio. Delicious Blackbean Burger, Haystack style.  Don't have anything bad to say. Good selection of vegetarian and meat-eater options.
One of my favorite places to eat, drink, and be merry. Great beer, great drinks, and great eats. Lots of vegetarian choices and plenty o' meat, so everyone is happy.  Great jukebox to play after 10pm and the restaurant crowd begins to clear.
Good food, but pricey for their selection and they don't split large party checks. Annoying!
Best food in town and great beer too.  Good for dinner and Sunday brunch!
Great place, funky atmosphere. I am a vegetarian and my husband is not so this is a great compromise for us! He can get his Beef (steaks etc...) and I can get my tempeh etc... I love the atmosphere but the only negative thing is the wait! If you go on a friday night expect to wait about an 1 hour if you dont get there before 6. I recommend this place for sure! Great place to take out of town people for a different dinning experience.
Alright, so I recently moved out of FL and I'm still thinking about The Top's sweet potato fries. If you live in the area and you have not tried their sweet potato tries, you must. You really are in for a treat. They are thinly sliced and well seasoned. You do not even need to add anything to them! Open late, this place is a great place to stop by before or after going to the Atlantic. The place is decorated with unique artwork that creates a great atmosphere. If you are a vegetarian, I would suggest trying their black bean burger. I've tried many black bean burgers, and theirs are by far my favorite. This place is a great place to bring everyone to: vegetarians, vegans, meat-eaters alike. My friend tried their steak burger and claims it was the best burger he ever had. I've tried their fish as well which was also really delicious. In fact, I have never had anything from their menu that I did not like.
Possibly the best place in Gainesville and a great deal! The vegan french toast is beyond amazing. It's unlike anything I've had before. I typically hate french toast since I'm not a huge fan of eggs, but this doesn't have any kind of egginess. The falafel and black bean burgers are so good also. They are really filling and great with chimichurri sauce. I highly recommend everyone to go here for brunch as soon as possible!
So I just had a lovely dinner here! Because I'm a totes fatty I started with a began Apple walnut cake(amazeballs) and I had blackened tempeh with ancho bean cakes. Kassia was my server and was adorable as always. Def one of my best dinners in a lonnng time I had previously given this place a review befitting of the service at the time, but I swear to god tonight was fabulous.
This place is great for a night out with your friends or date night. Awesome variety of cuisine options. Great burgers and sandwichs and nice appetizers (corn nuggets and sweet potato fries!). Full bar and ecclectic/hipster ambience. Fun photobooth and outdoor areas. Has DJ on popular nights. Definitely need to try at least once. I like to bring people from out of town because it is a special place that lends itself to a good time by all!
Amazing veggie food!  Loved the ginger Tempeh tacos!
LOVE this place. This is the kind of restaurant that defines the food scene in Gainesville, FL. It is local, organic, vegan and absolutely delicious!  The San Diego Chicken is a classic and a must try, and you cannot go there without having a basket of corn nuggets with the crazy good garlic ranch sauce!  Don't leave without trying one of their luscious desserts. They change these up and have ranged from ginger cheesecake, hummingbird cake, chocolate torte...  The peanut butter pie is addicting! Definitely a must go to restaurant!! Stop reading and go!!
The Top is nearing 200 reviews and for Gainesville, that is saying something. This joint makes it easy to write a review about them. In a college town it might be easy to survive with sub-par service or the like, however The Top lives up to its name by taking the high road. A classy bar (recently expanded and they still fill every bar seat) with good drinks, friendly bartenders and an over-all good vibe that I'm happy to bring my out-of-town friends to. The food never displeases me either. I am eager to return!
The Top is great - it's definitely my go-to restaurant in Gainesville. Large menu, decent prices on both food and drinks, and the wait staff is friendly and helpful. 4 stars rather than 5 only because of rude service from BAR staff on numerous occasions. Often they simply ignore us, even when it's not that crowded and we're sitting at the bar. I recommend sitting out back, there's usually no wait for a table and it's easier to get service, plus no having to deal with the aforementioned rude barkeeps.
One of, if not the best place to eat in Gainesville. Great ambience, decent service (the bartenders Brian, Jay and Sheena are awesome), and the food is always excellent. I especially recommend the corn nuggets, fried pickles, grilled Atlantic salmon and San Diego chicken.
My favorite restaurant! As a vegetarian that struggles to find ways to cook tempeh I was always amazed at the diverse ways The Top was able to present their vegetarian dishes. You must try: Carrot and dill soup, corn nuggets, sweet potato fries, as well the fresh mojitos. My meat eating friends were also very pleased with their meals. It has been over 3 years since I moved and still remember this place fondly. I wish I could have brought The Top with me when I moved. I may never find another place that will be just as good.
Taco night is the shit bombdiggity.com. Brunch is pretty tight too. Awesome rotating beer selection and other drinky poos. Some of the people that work there are a-holes but how can I care when they are SO ATTRACTIVE???!!!
Love The Top! A favorite of me and everyone I have taken there. I recommend the sweet potato fries and corn nuggets. Everything vegan is delicious. As for drinks, try the Thai Mule - my favorite drink in the world!
This is definitally one of my favorite restaurants in town. I love their plantain chips, ceaser salad and their burgers! It's got a really awesome, hip atmosphere. Plus they have a great outdoor back patio and a photo-booth!!! If you haven't already... you need to check this place out!
The Top is a great little establishment.  The food is good, the service is helpful, and the atmosphere is quirky.  My favorites include the pesto gnocchi, the sweet potatoes fries with the delicious dipping sauce, and the corn nuggets.  They offer plenty of vegetarian and vegan dishes, adding to the funky, hipster vibe if I do say so.   Brunch is a nice treat I recently discovered.  It's great for late night for drinks and apps.  If you are going for dinner, especially on a weekend, you MUST make a reservation.  A large group of us tried to go, and ended up waiting foreverr.   Overall, I do not hesitate to return to the Top.  I always have a good time.  I just make sure to make a reservation.
It was pretty good.  My waitress was really nice and the decor was eclectic.  We had a full vegetarian meal that started with their famous corn nuggets and garlic sauce.  They were quite good, but the sauce need more flavour layers.  For the main course we had a vegetarian Widow Maker burger and a tempeh steak sandwich with a side of their roasted squash soup.  Everything was initially good, but we were really only able to eat half of our meals because everything we ordered had such an overwhelming "liquid smoke" flavour that it quickly became overpowering.  I appreciate that they are trying to cater to the vegetarian crowd with the veggie bacon and tempeh (even though our tempeh sandwich was actually just slices of the same veggie bacon that came on the burger) but pouring liquid smoke on everything (including the soup) does not adequately substitute for ACTUALLY roasting something to get a full bodied flavour. After perusing their menu for 20 minutes and feeling like a excited child in a candy shop with their vegetarian options, I was a bit disappointed.  I think I will try to head back while I'm in Gainesville and try one of their liquid smoke free dishes. I did enjoy their outside seating area
This is my top spot in Gainesville... The quality of the food here has always been top notch. Using the freshest ingredients and the best recipes. I personally recommend the corn nuggets, black bean burger and San Diego Chicken. The atmosphere might make you feel like you have to be a hipster, but have no fear they don't turn non-hipsters away...
The Top just keeps getting better! They expanded the bar area so now it is easy to come in and have a few drinks while you wait for your table (the wait can be long sometimes and the bar was so crowded you couldn't get a spot). Also I love their mixed drinks, especially the Thai mule. I still don't eat the tempeh but they have plenty of other things that are delicious. Keep up the good work!
The Top, a quaint vegan/hipster restaurant located off Main Street in downtown Gainesville, serves some of the best vegan and non-vegan dishes in town. Whether you're in the mood for a delicious burger that sits in between a pretzel bun or you're looking for a great pesto and gnocchi pasta dish, the Top has you covered. The atmosphere is very relaxed, so if you're in the mood to sit back, enjoy a beer, and eat a great dish, then the Top is the place for you. The bar serves any type of drink you want and also offers Token Tuesday nights (which is buy one, get one). The wait can be long (sometimes over an hour and a half), so make sure you get there early. (The wait is totally worth it, too).
i've been there a few times over the years for the bar scene way back in the day before kids (5+ years ago), and more recently a few times for the weekend brunch with my family of four and a few times for dinner. honestly, i like the place. they actually have a kids menu and crayons and stuff like that. with regards to our most recent visits for brunch, the food was at least as good as any other brunch place in GNV. Good variety, very good taste. yes, dark and noisy even in the morning. yes, busy but we have never had to wait for brunch. price is reasonable. i look forward to our next visit.
First and foremost, I live in Los Angeles and being a pescatarian, I've had a lot of ahi tuna in my time. However, The Top probably tops anything I've ever had in LA. I had the ahi tuna on top of the pesto gnocchi and couldn't believe how good it was. On top of that, the service was great as well! Highly highly recommend this place!
I love this place. The cheeseburgers are delicious. The beer selection is pretty solid. There are usually a lot of hipsters, but I've gone here with my family (no hipsters). The service can be really slow on the weekends. During the week, its not bad. Some of the servers can be bitches, but most are good.
The spicy noodles was way overcooked and had too much soy.  The hamburger was alright but gave me diarrhea.. which sucked bc it happened in a club!  How embarrassing!  Then the calarmari had too much batter on.  I can't even call it that bc its more like fried squid woth honey mustard.  The waitress was very sweet and took the noodles back.  She said she will bring a free dessert but didnt though..  Well my diarrhea might've been even worse if she did.  So its okay.  Not sure if I would ever visit again.
A little loud, but the sweet potato fries are delicious. The drinks are well-mixed.  Both times I've been at the Top, we were seated quickly even with large groups (6 and 12) without any call-ahead warning on a busy weekend evening.  Our servers were attentive and speedy, and did a great job taking care of us individully - we didn't want for anything! The veggie options are a great reason to go to the Top - I'm not a vegetarian, but many of my friends are.  The tempeh and tofu options are plentiful and delicious, and for carnivores there are some very tasty sandwiches - especially the fish.  On the whole, a satisfying experience, but it's definately a dinner bar! So be prepared for low light and high volume.
I am going to start off with the parking situation. There is very little street parking. There is also a lot behind the restaurant that is on the smaller side and serves a few other retail/restaurants as well. So you will not likely find a spot there either. BUT! if you go across the street from the lot behind The Top there is a parking lot that is for the attorney sheriff or something like that. The sign says you can park after 6/630pm (i am forgetting now). This is a larger lot and I think people might be scared to park there, but read the sign - after a specific time you can! Now onto the real stuff. This place definitely gives off a hipster vibe - although not as potent as some places I have been, but hipster nonetheless. Happy hour is until 7PM and it is $2 off drinks they had a large selection of fancy drinks so I was compelled to try one out. I got some kind of cosmo with flavored vodka, cranberry, and some other things. My drink was made super strong and I was feeling a lil tips after only half. If I was trying to get drunk I would have appreciated this. Unfortunately I was only out to have dinner... not to party. As far as food goes I ordered the chipotle pork tacos because it was Taco Tuesday.I was told that the meat is all organic and local. The tacos themselves had amazing flavor. They were not doused in chipotle sauce, but had a slight hint of it. My only down side of the tacos was that I could not eat them like tacos... The tortillas ripped so easily. I was offered to exchange my tortillas for flour ones, but I declined. Finally, the staff was so chatty with other customers it seemed like there was a large amount of regulars. That could be a good or bad thing. Anyway, I personally enjoyed it, but I think people hyped it up a bit much which is why I only gave The Top 3 stars.
Always delish and the service has improved remarkably. Anything I get there is wonderful. The prices are reasonable for the great food they serve!
My favorite place in Gainesville! Summary : Excellent food* Great atmosphere, great drinks. It does get crowded, show up early. The food is usually excellent, but like everywhere it depends on how hung over the kitchen staff is or how tired they are or how busy they were earlier. I've had a couple of meals that let me down, but I keep coming back. The top is my favorite place to take guests. Although accommodating a large crowd (more than 8) can be difficult, not impossible. Be sure to check Token Tuesday, essentially buy 1 get 1 free.
Great food! They have a great selection of food with daily menu changes.  My favorite dishes are the blackened tuna (blue) on the Top salad or gnochi.  Also have some of the best burgers in Gainesville, but order the burger bun not the pretzel role. A great place to meet young people in Gainesville and to have really good food with a good beer selection.
I just had to add that their brunch is Baller. We went for the first time this morning. Man got the chicken and biscuits with chorizo gravy appetizer and a side of bacon. He had leftovers. I got the huevos ascheros (eggs, potatoes, beans, peppers, cheese and a biscuit) I also had leftovers. Seriously great price, great food. The one dark spot was speed of service. But the top is never that fast, so I can't complain. This could be my new brunch spot in town.
Yummy YUMMY Yummy YUMMY!! Sweet potato fries, corn nuggets, burgers, pasta and dessert, plus mix drinks, this place is PERFECT other than the wait can be extremely long, which is why I don't get to eat here as often.
Took way too long to get the food, 45+ minutes waiting at this pt. Rather put my money somewhere else that can get food out in a timely manner.
I would recommend. Exceptional. Delivers on both quality and quantity of food. Recommend the plantain chip appetizer with black bean humus and mango salsa. The main course options were good too: Pecan crusted tofu and the Mediterranean pasta.  All servers worked as a team to keep the table clean and glasses filled. Many vegetarian options on the menu.
Build your own grilled cheese sandwich was very good, lots of cheese, and meat options. Great appetizers as well. Over all food was great. Waiter's laugh scared me, and there was a long wait.
It gets one star only because their vegan chocolate cake is to die for. If you want to be served, please wear proper attire: dye your hair black, wear tight jeans, horn-rimmed glasses if at all possible. Otherwise, you will be treated like a square who barely deserves the chance to give them a tip. I came with a big group to celebrate the end of a tough semester (all grad students). Our waiter refused to give me a separate check (I was ordering more than just drinks, including stuff to go, so I wanted to pay separately) and even when the big group's tab was finally closed and we had all paid, he STILL refused to get me the food (OK- the CAKE!) that I so desperately wanted. So frustrating. Ugh. Never going there again.
The Top is one of my all time favorite restaurants.  I lived in Gainesville for 7 years while I did undergrad and grad school and since I've moved away I really miss this place. To start, get the corn nuggets with extra dipping sauce.  Their sauce (a creamy garlic ranch-like sauce) is what really makes these. Next, get the Widow Maker, which is a coffee-chili rubbed burger topped with onion straws and gouda served on a pretzel roll (which they have been doing since before the pretzel craze) Top also has a great craft beer selection. The only problem is the wait with no reservations.
The Top is a stone's throw away from the downtown nightlife. I went there right before leaving Gainesville at summer's end.  How would I describe this place?  As a restaurant that caters to Hipsters...The Decor looks homemade and helps give the place a kind of alternative feel.  It IS right across the street from the club called the Atlantic, which usually caters to the same type of hip crowd.  I ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger with Sweet Potato fries. The Fries were AMAZING.  They are erved succulent and sweet, with a sauce that compliments the fries.The burger was served medium well and it was very delicious.  I can honestly say that after eating a meal there with friends, I found myself wondering why I hadn't unearthed this Gainesville treasure.  I would definitely recommend people who are in Gainesville to try it  out for a date, with friends, or even solo.  You shouldn't be disappointed :-)
I hadn't been to the Top for a while, so we gave it a try on a Friday night.  It's amazing, we got there around 6:10, and there was already an hour-long wait.  It's amazing how busy that place always is.  Good for them...but not so great for us! The service was good, a little slow at times, but really (somewhat refreshingly) pleasant and friendly.  I had the chicken chimichurri.  Hubby had a burger and fries.  The food was great. We were both very happy with our meals. Unlike reflected in my previous review, we didn't feel rushed this time, to clear out of the table.  I mean, if I'm going to wait an hour to get in there, the least you can do is let me relax and enjoy my meal, right?  Anyway...thumbs up for a good experience. Also, they've added the Wild Night on tap!  So, that's plus, too!
Wow! Four Stars with over 150 reviews? I had to check this place out! The Top was the initial reason we left our designated travel path on a detour to Gainesville during our drive back to Atlanta. We decided to visit a few of the local establishments (bar hop) in Gainesville, with The Top being our last stop. I drank at all the rest, but decided this is where I would eat while in Gainesville. The Top is truly a hipster bar; funky artwork, deliberate lighting, and a great atmosphere. The beers were all $1 off regular prices, I settled on a Session beer, a dark lager from Oregon, and a deal for $2. The menu is as eclectic as the decor, with many choices for vegetarian or carnivore alike. One of the owners is a vegetarian and it is reflected in the respect given to the vegetarian entrees. Being a college town they had a big list of burgers, which could be made with black bean patty or falafel patty. They also have Seitan bacon which can be subbed for the other white meat. I ordered "The Widowmaker"  a black bean patty which came with chili-espresso rub seasoning, Seitan bacon, fried onions, grilled mushrooms, smoked Gouda and cheddar cheese. YUM! I wish i could say that i chose the Session beer on purpose, but it was a divine accident. PERFECT combination of flavors, proving you don't have to be good if you are lucky! I ordered another Session beer for dessert, and left a happy man. If I lived in Gaines ville, I would eat here all the time, and I am sure i would make it all the way around the menu. If i would have thought of it I would have left my sunglasses there on purpose, so I would have a reason to go back next time I drive down to Florida!
Two words - CORN NUGGETS.  Hot pillows of gooey, corny deliciousness and accompanied with a side of restaurant-made ranch dressing.   This is by far, THE best restaurant in downtown Gainesville.  Innovative menu, great waitstaff, and creative drinks.  Show up early because it gets crowded but definitely worth the wait!
This place is amazing for vegans. I went to their sunday brunch and omg it was so good. We got biscuits and gravy, blueberry banana chocolate french toast, tofu scramble, a falafel burger with bacon and a house salad with buffalo chicken added on top. All vegan and some of the best food I've ever had. We also go the vegan Benedict, but I don't recommend it. The hollandaise has a weird, starchy flavor
This place is a necessity if one wants to experience local Gainesville food! There are a wide range of choices on both the food and drink menu, all of which have a unique set of flavors. I have been here a few times and usually go for the chimichurri sirloin, and the meal is phenomenal! I have been with a few people who have had a range of dishes from the pastas to the salmon and have always been impressed. As mentioned by other reviews, going early is a must or expect a very long wait. After dinner make sure to grab a drink or dessert, I have had their pomegranate martini which had an amazing balance to it and then their famous vegan chocolate cake which never disappoints.
Great food, excellent bar tenders, ok service. Love their Mojitos!
I've been here numerous times and the story is always the same: customer service is beyond awful. Try to get a drink at the bar, either inside or outside, and I bet you'll be amazed how these bartenders ignore you while you stand 30 inches away from their faces. Oh, but other customers who just happen to arrive will get a drink before you. Eat that! How's that, you say? Hell, if I know! And then, 15 minutes later, after we were invisible this whole time, we decide (a group of 3-4 people) to walk to the Midnight and get a drink there since we're not cool enough to get a drink at The Top. The Top of bad service can keep its too cool bartenders and I'll keep my money for better treatment somewhere else. If this were an occasional occurrence, alright, but it's so repetitive that I'm done with this place. Wish I could give it -5 stars and a really, really mean review.
outstanding.  one of the gainesville places that won me over.  the sweet potatoe fries were scrumptious.  and those corn nugget things were outstanding.  now that i'm back in miami, i'm craving them.  hell, they might even be worth the 4 and a half hour drive.  the 20-something dollar steak i got was excellent.  if i had rocked this meal in miami, it'd easy be a $45 to $50 for the steak alone. unreal.  loved it!
Perfect Sunday brunch for the local and out-of-towner. A nice and comfortable rich taste for anyone!
From a 5 to a 3. Poor service,  had to send food back, crappy monotonous angst music and overall, hunh? Embarrassed cause I raved about and brought friend here. We ordered the goat cheese and roasted garlic appetizer.  My friend ordered the bleu cheese burger and I ordered the regular. Both medium rare. The appetizer took a while to get to the table and when it arrived, we dug in. My first bite set the tone for the rest of the meal. The roasted garlic was so temperature hot that it burned the inside of my lip...ouch! I cooled it off with a piece of ice. By the time our burgers arrived (25 minutes later) my lip was numb but no longer painful.  What a joke. The meat was cooked to a medium well (yuck), the buns were cold, the fries were so seriously overcooked that you could play air drums with them, I didn't get the extra mayo I requested and the bleu cheese portion on my friends burger was less than a teaspoon. The waiter was so not into helping us at first that I was feeling embarrassed for him. When he finally  had his "aha, I'm a waiter moment" he almost blew it again by placing blame on the "shift change" in the kitchen. We sent both burger plates back, crossing our fingers for a better second result. Another 20 minutes later and the food came back out. Yay! They got it right the second time, both burgers were cooked to order, the fries were fresh, I got my extra mayo, they remembered the bleu cheese and they even toasted the buns on the grill top. Needless to say, though, you shouldn't have to work this hard to get the food you ordered right the first time. Oh, and never once did I see a manager, talk to a manager or have it offered to talk to one. And the music! Egads, I like Nirvana and most of that angst ridden, teenage, hate the world and myself music, but in a restaurant? I'll have to ask for earplugs with my burger next time I eat there, If there is a next time.
My girlfriend and I visited the Top on a Thursday summer night (when most college kids are home) after seeing that it was the most popular restaurant in Gainesville. My girlfriend had heard of the place because here friends had went there before for dates and more "fancy" dinners (in the eyes of a college kid). The vibe was pretty cool, or hipster as some may say. It had a nice quiet dinner section, an area in a seperate large room with a more bar type feel and an outside patio in the back which was intimate and summery. We started off with drinks - a Jameson and Coke and Vodka and soda which were only 5 dollars (I am used to the 8-10 dollars spent per drinks in Manhattan).  We waited about 30-40 minutes to be seated after arriving to the joint at 10  pm. It didn't seem that long since we were having fun with ambience in the patio. We order corn nuggets for appetizers, which were good because corn is always good and they came with a white garlic sauce which is most likely sour cream, salt, garlic, cilantro. I've made this sauce many times before and it's always good for dipping. My girlfriend ordered the mushroom ravioli which she really liked. I ordered The Grazer burger. I love burgers, especially on the medium to medium rare side. But I like tasting the burger meat and so my problem with this burger was that the bread was just way too much. I probably won't get the burger here again. For dessert we got the Peanut Butter pie which was DELICIOUS. It was really rich and we had a couple of bites that night and then had some more the next day. It is really big and each bite is packed with flavor that you really do not have to eat too much of it, but you can't help yourself.
This place has a great menu. I frequent this joint over any other place in town. Prices are reasonable and the drinks are very nice. Been dinning at the top for 10+ years and know that some days are better than others. That being said, there is no shortage of delicious snacks and full entrees. One night you may have outstanding service, others less then great. There is usually a wait at night, so get a lobster and order a Thai mule to help pass the time. There are many, many, many tasty appetizers so be sure to try something. Brunch has some items that are incredible.
It's unfortunate that I didn't get to experience this local treasure until after undergrad. It's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Gainesville. Their menu is eclectic and unique. I had the chimichurri scallops dish which was delicious and they have a large selection of drinks and cocktails. This is a great place for dinner and the art work will start up some great conversation.
Just ate here with my son, his roommate and his gf. I must say that I thought the whole experience was quite nice. I started out with a margarita, which was good not great. The menu is quite extensive and I would have liked to have tried several of the many variety of dishes they serve. I especially like that they cater to the vegetarian and carnivore equally, something you don't find very often anywhere. Being a carnivore, I took a vegetarian dish - pasta covered with tomatoes, artichokes, olives, bell peppers and onions tossed with olive oil and garlic - and added grilled shrimp. It was excellent. Everyone else had one of their many variety of "burgers", which can be a traditional burger or a chicken filet, or a black bean burger or falafel burger for the vegetarian. They serve these burgers about 15 different ways. No one was disappointed, and the whole bill with drinks came in at under $100 with tip. The service was a tad slow but attentive. A strong recommendation for "The Top".
Good menu. Most dishes sound better than they taste, from my experience. Service much approved in recent visits. Good vibe, local place, photo booth and foosball. Nice little back patio area.
Wow!  I travel a lot and use YELP to find the best, but was leery about the 4 star rating for a small city bistro.  I now believe that a 5 star rating is more than warranted!  Great meal, great service. Fun, friendly place....and yes, DO have the vegan chocolate cake!   I will return many times!
Great place for eating local. Five spice pork chop. But it was overcooked. They said they brine it but nonetheless it was cooked well done. I like brining but it typically four meets takes a lot of the flavor out of the meat itself since it absorbs excessive amounts of water. I have been to the Top many times and they always have good choices and creative food, but this was a disappointment. They also serve a lot of pasta dishes for expensive prices. I really would give it a 3.5 star rating ....
By far my favorite bar in town. Drinks are well prepared, the food is great (corn nuggets + drinking ftw), and the staff are knowledgeable and sociable. Classily eclectic.
Ok, I do not understand all the hype for this place. The food is indeed good, but nothing extraordinary that would explain 45min-1hour wait to be seated... It is definitely vegetarian friendly and the staff is cool and do their job. The atmosphere is perhaps the best thing about this place -- lots of young and fun people. It's a cool place to grab a drink or two and meet nice folks. Food is really OK, prices are a bit high. Sundays are my favorite because it's happy hour the entire day!
is all right.  the appetizers are good, the entrees are typically a little disappointing.  my favorite place to go to eat french fries and tofu triangles while consuming strong drinks.   i know people rave about this, but i ate brunch here a few years ago and it was pretty gnarly.  i echo the sentiments of robert.
After the last couple of visits (especially the brunches), I feel that I really have to downgrade to 4 stars. Reason for the downgrade? The service has really been slipping lately; not rude, but very slow and unattentive. The first time I thought it was a fluke, but this has been the third brunch in a row where the service was bad. It takes forever for them to either acknowledge you and/or put your order in. Today, after getting our beverages, our server disappeared for almost 20 mins before she came back to take our order. No apology for the wait. Our food then took quite a long time to come out, especially for breakfast food. Very disappointed (and the last couple servers were all ones I recognized, so they're not new). All in all, I'm going to seriously consider Cafe C as my top brunch choice from now on. One of the reasons The Top has been my favorite place to dine, is the service, and now that that has declined, I'm not sure I'll be as much of a regular anymore. Food is still great, but I can't stand bad service. Your best bet for great food AND service, is during dinner hours, which is a little more consistent.
i grew up in gville and have since moved away, but somehow always end up here when i come back into town- esp if i am meeting friends. anyway. great ambiance, great beer selection, and fantastic black bean cakes. and our waiter last time was pretty awesome. she knew just what to pair things with and what to recommend.
Really nice place, good atmosphere, albeit a little hipstery but definitely a fun place to go whether alone, in a group or on a date. Food and drink varies, I've had the most amazing pork belly and jalapeno chips there, but just decent burgers and pasta. Drink selection is great and the cocktails are definitely diverse and tasty.
I'm not telling you Gators anything new by saying that this place rocks, but as a visitor from out of town, I was especially impressed with the high caliber of restaurants y'all have in Gainesville, and The Top occupies the upper-echelon of what I experienced during my stay. The key lime pie cocktail completely blew my mind. They line the rim with graham cracker crumbs! It literally tastes like you're drinking a key lime pie that's been drowned in vodka. For dinner I ordered the chimichuri over scallops and it was absolutely divine. The chimichuri was sweet, spicy, and salty and the scallops were tender perfection. The service here was friendly but a little slow, which was to be expected as the place was absolutely packed on a Friday night. The patrons ran the gamut of people living in a college town, but they leaned heavily towards the "hipster" variety. The food and drinks were good enough that I was able to suppress the murderous rage that hipsters usually inspire within me. That's saying a lot.
Best food.  The Best salads especially the tofu top salad with the Dijon dressing.  Tofu squares with peanut sauce is wonderful too. There is no restaurant that have a comparable flavor.
This place has THE BEST peanut butter pie I've ever tasted (sorry mom)!  They also have a good selection of healthy options for entrees, but because the atmosphere is crowded and a bit noisy, I typically only go here for drinks and dessert.
Attitude. Attitude. Attitude.
Love: corn nuggets, burgers, Santa Fe chicken, turkey sandwich, Taco Tuesday, Southern Wednesday Specials, photo booth, outdoor seating, hot cider (cold weather only), cheap Jameo shots on Wednesday nights.  Don't always love the service so much (read: judgy hipsters), but hey, it's a Gainesville tradition, so it still gets 5 stars.
Went here while in town for a seminar. I was alone and just wanted to have a relaxed lunch at a REAL local restaurant. I was seated pretty quickly despite the fact that they had a big Sunday brunch crowd. I was seated at a high table near the back (the bane of the single diner). The decor is cozy, earth-tone and eclectic. The crowd looked like a mix of hipsters and hippies. I was impressed by the large selection of beer (didn't see any gluten-free beers) and small, but decent wine list. My waiter was friendly and prompt. I noticed that the wait staff had a lotta dudes. Unusual, but good. I ordered a grass-fed cheeseburger sans bun with a side of ginger coleslaw. The burger was really good, especially after I put some sriracha on it! The ginger coleslaw was underwhelming- no taste of ginger and needed salt and acid. I washed it down with a glass of pretty ok garnacha (not gonna complain as it was a cheaper glass). My meal with tip was just over $20. I appreciated the perfect amount of waiter attention- not too much nor too little. I was shocked how stunned my eyes were by the sunlight when I walked outside! It's pretty dark in there. Reminds me of afternoons I spent in my favorite pub in college. Skipping class with friends, lounging in the dim light drinking many beers. If I lived here, I would find a way to be a regular.
Great food, great service and great atmosphere!  I love coming here with friends for dinner!  Definitely recommend this restaurant!
My FAVORITE place in the Gainesville are. Anytime someone mentions this place I am all down. The atmosphere is great and it has an unique hipster vibe. The food is AMAZING, I've yet to try something I didn't like. They have so many options.. many vegetarian. The drinks are amazing as well. TRY IT!!!
I also am inspired to post, because of a few negative reviews that were posted last year.  Geesh people!  Get a clue!  The Top is great! Great atmosphere.  Very indie.   From reading a few of the reviews, you could get the mistaken impression that this place is favored mostly by vegetarians. My bf is vegetarian but I'm practically a carnivore, and let me tell you: you don't have to be a vegetarian to eat there.  I love it.  Looooove it!   Few top recommendations: * Go on Tuesday and have their Tuna Taco Tuesday at the Top. It's GREAT! And cheap. But it's a special that is only offered Tuesdays. Also very good with their tempeh, which is apparently made locally according to a sign on the door.   * Save room for dessert, because it's locally made and out of this world. Split it with your date, if you are full. Try the Bourbon Chocolate Torte (mmmmmm). * The Chipotle Pasta with Chicken-- I imagine that this is what spicy high-carb heaven is made of.  So delicios that I actually have cravings for it * Buffalo Tempeh Appetizer - comes with potato fries but they will subsitite with sweet potato fries for free, which are FAB! -- only complaint is that the tempeh sometimes has more bite. * Sweet Potato Fries - amazing. Like those at Cafe Gardents but the Top doesn't have the dill dipping sauce that you can get at Cafe Gardens. * Creamy Corn Nuggest - shockingly good. * Scallop Salad with Bacon over Spinich - veery good (though not as filling as would be expected) The Top is great for drink specials and they are open late. Around 1am, they allow people to smoke, so get outta there before that.
If you're going to The Top, expect an experience beyond just a quiet dinner with good service. The Top has a full bar with excellent cocktails, seating around the bar, foosball, an outdoor patio, outdoor seating for dinner, and a whole 'restaurant' side where you can have more privacy and have a more intimate conversation. The Top is basically designed so you can have a whole night out in one go; hang out for delicious drinks at the bar, sit outside and chat with friends, and then dine with someone in the more intimate seating area. This is why The Top is so great -- not to mention the creative menu and the extensive vegan / vegetarian options. This restaurant is ideal if you're searching for myriad options: drinks and snacks, just some drinks out with friends, a delicious meal with friends / family, etc. I recommend looking at the art that's up on the walls - some really cool things lending to the overall aesthetic. Try the sazerac or any of the swamp head brews on draught. I've had many items from the menu and have never once been disappointed. Expect a crowd - the good food and drinks draws in people on any night of the week, rain or shine.
one of my favoirte restaurants in gainesville. everything i've had here has been great! arrive early to avoid waiting.
To start off: The environment is quite nice ! Would be a very nice place for a date . Nice lighting and very lively through out the night . The food was pretty good although not the best . I had the San Diego Chicken and I have to say it was a bit over grilled. I was unable to cut the chicken and ended up eating the chicken without the stuffing on the inside . The service was pretty good. But waiters are all wearing very casual attire so it's hard to tell each is our waiter. Overall a 4 out of 5. Pretty unique
One of few restaurants in Gainesville I actually crave. I can never decide between the sweet potato fries or the corn nuggets to start. Both are amazing. The ricotta tortellini will leave you feeling stuffed but it's so worth it. I got the caeser salad here once, huge mistake. The garlic dressing is super overpowering, only salad I've ever sent back. The service here is the usual hipster speed. Normally a wait on weekend nights. Not open during the day unfortunately except for Sunday morning brunch.
Located in the heart of Gainesville Florida! Hippie bar environment with plenty of beer options to chose from. Another thing I like is they have a large list of local brews that I tried 2 of. Lots of locally brewed hoppy options. Great variety of foods. They have a build your own burger along with about 15 signature burgers with veggie patty options. Overall good eatery with pretty good prices for what you get. I'd go back.
dessert is good. Everything else is bland. With the same price, I like Harry better.
- 3 for asking my friend and I to free the table and leave after we had finished having dinner and paid for our food becuase they had more guests coming in. How rude?? -1 stars for further throwing away my food that I left in the box and not compensating or dealing with the situation nicely. Seriously? btw, the mashed patatoe had some strange obstacle inside and we had to call the waiter's attention. I loved the top, but this one experience has changed things for a long time coming.
My favorite place in Gville.  I've only gone for Sunday brunch but I try to go as much as possible.  The food is great and the menu changes often.  Every time I go there are so many great options I have a hard time choosing.  Price is good,  great value, cool atmosphere
This is by far my new favorite place in town! I just moved back to Gainesville and decided to try the top for the first time and was highly satisfied. Not only were the meals and drinks delicious, but the prices are extremely reasonable! The environment is a little strange when you first walk in, but really works for the place. I started my night with a Key lime Pie Martini and as I told the bartender when she made it, it is by far the best martini that I have ever had in my life. The cup was coated with graham crackers and the drink literally tasted like taking a bite of key lime pie! Yum! After being highly satisfied with my drink, I sat down and enjoyed their extensive menu. For a hipster looking place I was really surprised to see so many burgers and meats in general on the menu, but they looked delicious and according to my boyfriend were great! I went for the Pesto Gnocchi with Chicken and I know this sounds extreme, but it seriously was the best gnocchi ever! And I just moved from New York City, which is supposed to have the best food ever. The gnocchi was perfectly cooked and there was just enough pesto on it (actually you can never have too much pesto)! Needless to say I will definitely be going back to The Top very soon!
one of my favorite places in town. definite hipster vibe to it, but the food and drinks are great. wide beer selection with some cool rotating specialty stuff on tap. the mixed drinks from the bar are always pretty stiff as well. great dessert menu. personal favorites include the spicy peanut coconut dish, and the country fried tuna special., but theres not much here that i've ordered and not really liked. makes me wish i still lived a couple blocks away...
Awesome place, very vegan friendly and hip and great food and friendly service and people!
The BEST FOOD in Gainesville, for sure!  The pecan encrusted tofu and the sweet potato fries are the best. The local, hipster feel of the Top is great!  Prices and serving sizes are very reasonable and worth every penny.  Brunch and the deserts (Peanut butter pie!!!) are delicious too!  The service is a bit slow, but otherwise, the food speaks for itself.
Just had a delicious meal there with stellar service.  Excellent goat cheese appetizer, black bean burger with chimichurri, and carrot cake.  Super yum. Waited 30 minutes at 9pm on a Wednesday.  A bit loud in there for me.  But food was great and locally sourced.
One of top 3 favorite restaurants in Gainesville. Great vegetarian food! Lovely atmosphere. Love the photo booth.  Sunday brunch is also delicious.
This place has really good food and drinks. They have a full bar and a dinning room and are open late. It does get really busy after lunch time but its a good place to take friends and get food and drinks
my fav place ever. great for kids. the kids meals are amazing and inexpensive. the staff is so friendly. i try to eat here as often as i can. the food is beyond amazing. i love when i suprise my child and we get close to the restaurant... and my three year old yells "THE TOP! Yeah!!!" Highly recommended to all.
Man! This place has it going on.  Friendly , casual, professional service, good food, easy walk from our b&b We went 2 nites in a row !
Don't come here if you are not a fan of dim lighting and an loud atmosphere. They have a unique menu of dishes, but the food hasn't been consistent for me. Had the Mastodon Burger and that was delicious, but I also had the gnocchi and it was too oily (Pictured) Corn nuggets were just meh. I preferr the sweet potatoe fries or goat cheesea app.
I always recommend The Top if a visitor wants an authentic Gainesville experience whether it's for drinks, dinner, or brunch because there's something for everyone. All the wait staff and bartenders are perfectly pleasant. Great quality food with local ingredients-- my family isn't even vegetarian and we've all enjoyed their meatless dishes. But this is our go-to burger place.
Love the pecan crusted tofu and their brunch is soooo good! Very affordable, pretty good wine selection, full bar; great date spot. It's sorta dark inside but aside from that, The Top rules!
I'd heard so many good things about this place we decided to eat here and try it out. We were disappointed to say the least. I wonder if it's because we had the expectation that it would be great but it was just ok. Upon entering I asked to look at a menu and was given a sour face by someone at the front desk. She promptly snatched the menu out of my hands as we went to take a seat. Not a good starter. We ordered two appetizers- the corn nuggets and the plantain chips with black bean "hummus", mango salsa and guacamole. When the items were brought to our table I asked if the corn nuggets were dairy free (he honestly didn't know) so I was recommended to stick to the plantain chips which were good even if the mango salsa was watery and drab. Next, my husband ordered the half rack of ribs with fries and I ordered the vegan Caesar salad with chicken. Holy batman was that vegan Caesar dressing over powering. Too much garlic and the salad was drenched in it. I asked what was in it. Guess what? Oh I don't know.  What the heck is up with this place and the servers not knowing what's in stuff? As someone with food allergies it's imperative I know what's in certain things so that I don't feel bad later. Needless to say, I ate the chicken. Because that salad was terrible. It honestly was only lettuce and dressing. When I asked the server if it came with anything else, her response was "well it's a Caesar salad it's just lettuce". Ugh. I didn't ask that. Pretty snarky answer. My husbands meal also left something to the imagination. The ribs were cooked well and tender but the sauce was unflavored and not seasoned enough. It tasted like bottled BBQ sauce from the fridge. The corn bread was dry and unappetizing. Needless to say I'm not coming back here, which is a shame since they do have some vegan options (I can't have dairy so this is the only plus). Overall, was disappointed in the service and food as well as the side of pretentiousness. For a $50 meal I'd rather have stayed home.
Service was okay. I ordered pepper crusted steak. Steak was pretty good. But there is way too much pepper on it! Way too much! It took away the flavor of the beef and just left with the strong spicy sent after all.
And to think my first visit here was almost my last. The Top is a very accurate portrayal of what Gainesville itself is: a melting pot of cultures, all coming together to create innovative and intriguing takes on the phrase "going out."   The Space: Walking into The Top, the vibe is definitely what one might generally refer to as "hipster."  Dim lighting paired with a seemingly haphazard blend of whatever lighting and antique decor they could find fills the space.  You may walk into the bathroom to discover a vinyl record sitting on the shelf from an artist you have almost certainly never heard of before or you can take a break from drinking at the bar to play some foosball with whoever is interested, and to be honest these quirks only add to the charm of the place for me.  The Top is supremely comfortable, interesting, and active in the way it approaches its customers, and these characteristics translate equally to the cuisine and beverage offerings available.   As far as logistics, the layout consists of a more dining-oriented righthand side and a more bar-oriented lefthand side, with an additional outdoor space with a bar, as well as seating for food under the stars.   The Food: Let this be a testament to how excellent of a place The Top is: my first visit I SWORE would be my last.  I had a cajun chicken alfredo dish that made me feel sick to my stomach by the end of the dinner, and I could see grease pools floating atop the sauce.   Not painting a 5-star picture you say? Fast forward about a year: it must have just been a total fluke, because this restaurant has met or exceeded my expectations with each visit since that one, unfortunate night.  From the menu staples like their caesar salad (vegan friendly if you leave off the parmesan) and the less health-conscious corn nuggets to the rotating specials they whip up in that magical kitchen of theirs, everything I order always tastes amazing and is served in generous portions.  The burgers are large and well-handled, let alone the various toppings one might choose to throw on top and the main courses never fail to please.  I am, personally, the type that orders off of the rotating menu each time I visit, and this menu always includes two soups, two appetizers, a burger, and various entrees which usually included more adventurous proteins and preparations. The Service: The Top stays BUSY on the nights most people are looking to eat out (seems to be Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Gainesville, starting at around 6-7).  If you come to a popular place on a popular night looking for a quick seat, you will be sorely disappointed.  Fortunately, the bar has ample room for ordering a quick pre-dinner cocktail or draft to wait out that 30+ min window.   As for once you've been served, suffice it to say they are as friendly and informative as the tempo of the evening allows them to be.  Perhaps I have had a visit or two with less-than-prompt service, but this is certainly not the norm.   The Bar: The craft beer selection rotates daily as each keg finishes, and the weekly changes are normally so significant that, unless you have Blue Moon or Yuengling as your go-to, you cannot guarantee your favorite will be on next week. As for the other options, I am not much for drinking wells out and about but they have tempting specials (Token Tuesdays, for example) for someone wanting to get a stiff (and I mean STIFF) drink for the evening.  The bartenders are surprisingly quick at handling the volume of the crowd (the noise, as well as the amount of people) and though not beaming with sunshine or anything, they definitely are passably friendly under that level of pressure. I have had many a good night here and I enjoy the "come as you are" vibe it offers, since Gainesville's diversity level can make for clique-like venues in many cases.
A really great place to check out. The wait staff was attentive all night. Not only our waiter but others would pass by and refill water or clear plates. The waiter Josh was very helpful with suggestions as it was our first time at this restaurant. I had the spicy tofu tacos which was the special of the night. The tacos were very filling and had the right amount of heat. My partner had a royal burger with the black bean party. He enjoyed it, but I tried it and it was not better than the tacos. The food took a little while to come but it was okay because the waiter constantly checked in and the atmosphere was very nice. I would describe the atmosphere as eclectic as opposed to "hipster" (which can be off putting to some). I also had a drink from the bar which was great. Again, the waiter was very helpful in assisting in drink options. Overall it was a really good dinner experience and I would return and recommend it to others, especially vegetarians.
Loud crowd, difficult to get to drink. Female bartender lost my card and was rude about it. Luckily the manager Mikah was able to find it. Glad it was found, but I won't be back.
Looking up at a mural of a leopard fighting a panther (on velvet?  or canvas?), drinking a craft cocktail to the tunes of Tame Impala--it dawns on me, oh shit, I'm in a hipster den. The beer list was immaculate (think Jolly Pumpkin, Kolsch, and a section labeled "Belgian(ish)") and the wine list, a-ok.  The cocktail section really caught my eye, with everything from cucumber gimlets to SIDECARS(!!!).  I ended up with some spectacular pineapple, basil, rum concoction that the bartender said "everyone hates it for some reason."  Sucks to be them! If you don't order the Angry Clams appetizer you're a chump.  I had to actively slow myself down from just inhaling this incredible dish.   I'd go back to Gainesville JUST for it. I went on to sample the chimichurri scallops with fingerling potatoes and haricots verts (they're just green beans!).   Hubs had a sirloin which was grass-fed, local and very delicious.  The brusselsprout gratin on the side?  I'd fight him for it (I guess I kind of did). You'll enjoy it, but on weekends you might need to brace yourself for a wait. LOTS of vegetarian options.
As this is one of my favorite restaurants in Gainesville, I feel compelled to vote with my heart and give them 5 stars. They are not perfect in every way all the time, but they have a great variety of food that appeals to almost everyone, the food is almost always excellent, the atmosphere is lively and the music is just loud enough to encourage robust socialization but not so loud that you're shouting, they have a superb draft offering with plenty of turnover, most of the servers are some of the most professional and efficient hipsters you will ever see (there are some impressive mustaches in that restaurant), and the burgers are killer. Literally killer, in fact, with the Widowmaker. It's the dreamiest, most magical atherosclerotic wonder you will ever sink your teeth in. Tip: sometimes a kaiser roll has better structural integrity than the pretzel roll with the more complex (read sloppy) burgers. The ancho black bean cakes with tuna are a favorite. The Miles Davis is superb. The desserts (pies, cakes) are perfect for sharing. There has been the occasional disappointing visit, so I can see where some of these negative reviews are coming from. -Once a server didn't come back to see our table for about half an hour, leaving us with empty water glasses for a while, and she was kind of negative and defensive; I don't believe that server is serving anymore. -On one Taco Tuesday, the spicy tuna tacos were way too spicy, and we love spicy food. They were cartoon smoke-out-of-the-ears spicy, like Wiley Coyote put a lot of Acme cayenne pepper on them. Since then, we ask for the spicy sauce on the side and haven't had that problem. -On one occasion, the usually delicious quinoa salad was bland and completely tasteless. The server apologized and brought a different side. This was in the middle of the week, so we figured maybe somebody new was working the line. We haven't had this problem with food on the weekends. In spite of our few negative experiences, The Top continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in town and it seems like they try to fix problems that arise. The wait can be long on the weekends. They need to bring a functioning photo booth back. Some of my finest, most photogenic moments occurred in the old photo booth when it worked. The Top provides a great dinner with excellent service in a fun atmosphere with good music. The variety of menu options can appeal to just about anybody in a large group. The food is almost always more than satisfactory and the portions are generous. I recommend it without reservations. Especially since they don't take reservations.
Always a guaranteed stop for dinner on any trip to Gainesville. Love the eclectic vibe through the restaurant. Great draft options. And fun menu.
Here is my 5 star review for Gainesville!! This place is highly rated by every review web site because it deserves it. Been there twice. If it was in Tampa, it would be much much more. From the outside, you wouldn't expect it.  With few tables lining the front, this place looks small - its gigantic.  Indoor seating, outdoor sitting both in the front and in the back, a huge bar inside, a much smaller bar out back. Although don't think that means you'll be sat right away.  There is usually a wait, but it is completely worth it. This place has a huge drink selection including tons of craft beers, decently priced wines by the glass and bottle  (you can get a bottle for as little as $20),  and a beer selection that even impressed this beer snob. Oh yeah... they make specialty cocktails that would make your common speakeasy jealous. They have appetizers to please whatever mood you are in. The server suggested the roasted garlic and goat cheese that is completely worth running my chances of making out later if I were on a date. The fried jalapenos and  pickles are panko crusted, which gives it an interesting twist. Soup of the day titles usually make you go "whaaa" but are definitely worth trying. This place is known for their burgers so I definitely suggest you take that route. Maradona Burger is to die for. Their chimichuri us amazing. If you are looking for a healthier choice.. go for the chimichuri Steak.  Any burger will do the trick... the magic is in the patty itself. Servers are a little overwhelmed especially on weekends... so be patient.  They are really knowledgeable and extremely nice. Definitely will make a pit stop every time I am in G-ville.
Eclectic bunch of staff and an eclectic menu! If you can't find something for yourself here, you are strange! Superb service and knowledge of the menu. Happy hour offers great deals. And the table was set with waters and menus before they sat us-- as if we RSVPed before we could even RSVP! The food was fantastic! No advertised for kids here on yelp, but I disagree! They are well prepared with coloring books to keep them occupied. Speaking of, kids food was something I would even eat from their menu and wow, let's not forget the tap water! The best in town. Okay-- I just have nothing negative to say. Go here!
Highly recommended! We tried to think of something this place could do better but came up empty. The food was outstanding and menu has creative variety. The wait staff and bar staff were on their game. And we had a great time looking at the art and decor. The other patrons were happy, chatting, and just generally enjoying the place. Like I said, highly recommended!
I recently visited The Top while in town visiting friends - what a great atmosphere! They offer a wide range of menu options and everything we had was incredible. If you're looking for an excellent bar experience - this is the place to go. The inside area bartenders were attentive and friendly; especially the one in the patagonia hat!
I'm up and down on the Top. I'll ignore any previous experiences, as the place is infinitely better after the remodel. They have a good happy hour, which is the primary time I'll stop in, right after work. Some nice craft brews on tap, but expect your usual prices for a craft brew. I've had some really good food there, but I will say that they seem to have a problem cooking burgers. I'm not sure how ordering them medium well always comes out medium rare. The service I also find hit or miss. The most recent waiter, just last weekend, was horrendous. A small, mousey guy who looked lost. The 3 tables around me he was serving were constantly looking for him and getting aggravated that he was nowhere to be found. Myself included, as I only saw him twice. When we ordered and he brought a beer and 45 minutes when he brought the check. My beer set there empty for 30+ minutes and I never saw him once. I generally tip a standard 20% and increase based on your worthiness. I never would have done so for this twerp, except I was paying in cash and I had no desire to wait another 10 minutes for him to return. On a note that's not really the staff's fault, I would like to see them make a policy that kids can't sit at the bar. We had to wait for a table and couldn't sit at the bar because there were 4 families, each with 2 early/mid teenage kids, taking up over half the bar space. Eating and taking their time, most of the adults weren't even drinking. Ok, so you didn't want to wait for a table. Tough shit, leave the bar for those who are adults and want to drink, eat, etc. There's absolutely no excuse to take up so much bar space with children, especially on a Friday night.
Good food in college towns is rare. There's a big market for cheap pizza, wings and crappy tacos and precious little else thrives. However, The Top defies every last one of these ideals and serves delicious, fresh food at affordable prices. UF students are luckier than most to have a joint like this close by. In addition to great food, they've also got a pretty decent craft beer, wine and liquor selection. I started my meal with a Australian Sauv Blanc - refreshing and juicy without being too sweet. A great choice for a balmy spring day...and dear God, Gainesville gets muggy. For our appetizer, my sister and I ordered fried pickles. Ordering these suckers is always a risk. Some joints (not naming names but it rhymes with Schmuffalo Schmild Schmings) chuck a bunch of overly-sweet bread and butter pickles in some thick breading and call it a day. The Top does it better. Much better. Their fried pickles are salty little nubs with an almost tempura like breading. Highly addictive - especially when paired with the garlic ranch (forgo the wasabi mayo. It's good but not as good). Good (albeit sodium-intensive) start to a meal. I am a veggie burger aficionado and if I see one on the menu - I must order it. Luckily, the burger menu at The Top is a thing of joy forever and vegetarians/vegans will be particularly pleased as the joint offers not one but two veggie burger choices - a black bean patty and a falafel burger. I got a Falafel Mastodon Burger -- a lumbering beast of deliciousness topped with onion straws, sharp cheddar cheese, smoky tempeh bacon and barbecue sauce. I was a little hesitant about tempeh bacon because, well...seriously, dudes? Seriously? I was wrong. When cooked correctly, tempeh bacon is one of the most delicious substances known to man and the sooner I can get a tempeh bacon BLT, the sooner my life will have some semblance of meaning. This dino-sized burger (served with the requisite lettuce, tomato and pickles) came alongside a hefty portion of fries. After scarfing down half a basket of fried pickles, there was no way I was finishing this thing, so I opted to take it home. Best decision I've made as it was even more delicious the next morning. COLD. I don't know what kind of black magic they're utilizing at The Top where their cold, leftover burgers are even tastier than hot ones fresh off the grill but I wish to subscribe to their newsletter and offer them my hand in marriage. Great food, affordable prices, friendly staff and a photobooth? My only complaint with The Top is that there isn't one closer to where I live. But considering my plan to try every veggie burger combination on the menu, that's probably good news for both my wallet and my waistline.
Delicious falafel patties available for every burger and 3 sours on tap?! That's called heaven folks. It was hopping on a Sunday night but the bartenders were attentive. Highly recommended for the vegetarian beer lover!
Gainesville just isn't a food town. It might be that it's too far north of Miami for good Cuban or too migratory for a surplus of proper Southern cooking, but this fact is probably owed to the demographics: who cares about food in college? Accordingly, few are likely clamoring for more than frozen-then-fried foods to soak up a night's work at the bar. The Top stands above these types, but doesn't tower over them, either. A lot was said about the corn nuggets, but they mostly left a lot to be desired. Pork belly sounded intriguing subbing in for corned beef in a reuben, but it sat thin and burned between the slaw and rye. The pecan-crusted tofu went through the same hype machine as the corn nuggets and came out similar: fine enough, but nothing spectacular. The mashed potatoes should've been accompanied by a sneeze guard with the heavy pepper treatment it received. If it comes down to an appetizer or dessert, listen to your sweet tooth. Chunks of crushed Heath bar dot the peanut butter cake and make it a fantastic bet. More points for the solid beer list and enthusiastic bartender.
For vegetarians, The Top does have some dishes to allow for repeat visits and not eat the same thing.  However, it is not the best vegetarian food Gainesville has to offer. In fact, the long waits and loud music aren't worth it if you're a vegetarian or vegan.   Maybe the waits are worth it if you're a carnivore, but for vegetarians like myself and other vegetarians/vegans I brought here, the food was just ok for us. Expect: long waits, being given a beeper thing, head-splitting noise/music, getting vegetarian food that is average at best, etc.
If I had to decide where I wanted my last meal on Earth to be, it would be here. When i lived in Gainesville, going to The Top for dinner and drinks was a ritual on Friday nights.  It was one of the first restaurants I went to when I moved to Gainesville and the last one I dined at before i left  *tear*. The Top has everything, and I mean EVERYTHING for EVERYONE: vegans, vegetarians, pescatarians, lacto-ovos, carnivores, eco-conscious, organic savvy, locovores, health conscious, non-health conscious... I could go on but I am sure  you get the picture. For entertainment, they have pinball machines, a pool table,a vintage photobooth, kitschy wall art, and thrift store books lying around each table. Outside there's a bar  with patio seating and an outdoor fire pit. They have expanded since I left and now the inside consists of two large rooms and a wrap around bar.  There is always  a wait of at least 30 minutes or more but this never bothered me as they have an amazing drink menu and an extensive beer list. The Thyme Traveler was always my cocktail of choice.  When there is a wait they hand you buzzers in the shape of lobsters which at least makes the wait a tad bit more amusing. Now onto the food! While I can only speak of the vegan and vegetarian fare, I have brought many meat-eating friends and family members who have all raved about their meaty meals. My mom even said it was the best lamb she had ever had. I'll take her word for it. As others have said, definitely try the corn fritters. Just follow these simple steps: Step #1: Order corn fritters. Step #2: While the corn fritters may feel cool enough to eat from the outside, trust me, wait a few minutes, because underneath the surface lies a layer of molten hot corn fritter filling and those little guys will burn the heck out of your mouth if eaten too soon. Step #3: Now you can have them! Enjoy! As for the rest of the food, I have tried many items off their menu but there were a select few that I had a habit of ordering every time:  The Red Thai Curry. This dish is really spicy but so delish! Their Pecan Crusted and Blackened Tofu. Both are excellent choices over salad or even by itself. Black Bean Burger and Portobello Pesto Sandwich. Self explanatory and both divine. They always have a variety of in-season specials too but they won't last long. I had a vegan shepards pie once that was to die for but it was never to be seen again. Taco Tuesdays are great too. Oh and brunch too! Go there for brunch! You know what, just go to The Top everyday for every meal. The last time I was in Gainesville visiting some friends I did exactly that and I have no regrets. I just wish I didn't live so far away from my favorite establishment. *tear* Summary: You have to go to The Top if you are in Gainesville. You'd be crazy not to. If the perfect restaurant existed this would be it!
If you come on the weekends with a group, expect AT LEAST an hour wait after 6:30-7pm. Considering there is no outstanding food in Gainesville, this place is pretty good. The San Diego chicken is really good, and they do a nice job with dessert. They expanded their bar, which has drawn quite the crowd, so expect it to be loud and packed on the weekends. The hipster crowd is thick, and the waitstaff can be rather ambivalent, with their "cooler than you" attitude. Organic produce whenever possible, and most everything is fresh. They need to expand their bathrooms though, with only one toilet in each, making the wait ridiculous when they are busy. I have heard they are offering brunch on Sunday, so we will have to give that a try as well.
Great great food, daily specials and plenty of beer and liquor choices!  Especially happy hour specials! Love to sit out front and enjoy the people watching and ambience.
Hmmm 4 or 5 stars for The Top?? I'm saying 5 cause I facking love to eat here when I'm in Gainesvegas! Seriously, I feel like I go to the same 5 businesses over and over in a feeble attempt to relive my college glory days. It's sad. My love affair with this restaurant began around the age of 20, when I became an older, more refined UF student. Sure, I'd still slosh around in stale beer and vomit at the Salty Dog, but now I also craved Dirty Martinis with a side of Buffalo Tempeh. The Top is trendy, tasty, and consistently cool. I recommend it to anyone visiting the ville, and especially now that Downtown is experiencing such an awesome revitalization. The Top itself has expanded, with a spacious and open seating area replacing the once claustrophobic bar. But don't worry, the bar's still there! Belly up for a slew of specialty cocktails as well as the old favorites and plenty of beer and wine. The menu is nothing if not eclectic, from Black Bean Burgers to Orange Ginger Stir-Fry to, my personal favorite, the Pork Belly Gnocchi. Wooo, so good! The atmosphere is just right for a fun, group dinner or a relaxed but refined first date. In fact, whenever I got asked out in college, I suggested The Top. (Might as well get a good meal, right!?) If you're ever in Gainesville, I highly recommend this spot for dinner, and I hear they have a fabulous brunch as well!
The Top continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in town and it seems like they try to fix problems that arise. Hippie bar environment with and a great variety of foods. They have a build your own burger along with about 15 signature burgers with veggie patty options. You must try.
This place is super cute and extremely reasonably priced for what you get. However, they don't take reservations and we tried calling ahead on a Saturday night and they would not take our name down either. Apparently, it is much busier during the school year with all of the UF kids in town, but on a Saturday night, we only had to wait about 20 minutes or so for a table for 4. If you come here, you absolutely MUST get the corn nuggets. They are little tiny bites of heaven. I literally could have eaten like 5 orders of these for my dinner and been the happiest person in the world. I could not get enough of them. They came with a dipping sauce but I didn't even want to use it because they were already perfect enough on their own. I wish this place were closer to me so I could get their corn nuggets every day!!!!!!!!!!!! Their menu is huge and overwhelming. Making a choice on what to get was probably one of the hardest decisions I've had to make in awhile. I ended up deciding on the pork belly gnocchi with scallops and a side of the maque choux (I really like corn, if you couldn't tell). The pork belly gnocchi was amazing -- super filling and a very generous portion, and the scallops... WOW. At first I thought they were overpriced because the menu says it's an extra $6 for 4 scallops but these scallops were some of the biggest I've ever seen and super succulent and tender. For an extra $6, they were definitely a steal! I've been to restaurants where they charge like $20 for a plate of scallops that big and juicy and delicious!! My friends got burgers, which I tried, and they were huge and absolutely to die for. I wish I had an extra stomach so I could have ordered a burger too. The service here was absolutely fantastic. Our waiter, even though the place was packed, was completely on top of things. Brought us everything immediately and brought us things we didn't even know that we needed! Love this place and this is the first place (after a quick grocery trip to Trader Joe's) that I will go to the next time I am back in Gainesville! Did I mention how amazing the corn nuggets are?!?!?
I am on the bandwagon!!  It's not cheap and the servers are definitely hipster but unlike many hipsters they actually give great service and make wonderful menu suggestions.  Below are some of the things I've had. Black bean burger....very excellent Beef burgers....excellent Pesto gnocchi....extremely excellent Cornmeal trout...tastes nice but too many bones Martinis....fantastic No parking so be prepared to park several blocks away and walk.  And be prepared to wait 30+ minutes before being sat.  This place is a Gainesville institution and they fill up fast.
Healthy food, I will say too healthy for my taste.  Outstanding customer focused service :)
If you live in Gainesville and have yet to go to The Top, something is wrong with you. I have eaten here tons of times in the last couple of years and I have maybe only had one bad experience due to slow/rude waitstaff--every other time was fantastic. It's a really fun restaurant to go to on the weekend (if you can get in) and a nice place for a date during the week. They have a variety of food specials that cater to all eating lifestyles--paleo--glutenfree--vegetarian, etc. Their ingredients are fresh and food is made to order. After talking to a friend that works there, I also discovered that they don't waste any of their food like most restaurants in town--this made me like them even more. Don't let the hipster environment make you run! I have had almost everything on the menu--When I was a meat eater I swore by their burgers--now my favorite dish is their spaghetti squash with eggplant rolled in cashew cheese. Go! Now! You won't regret it! great portions, great price for the quality of the food, and a fun environment :)
Great restaurant! Probably one of the best in Gainesville! Just don't order take out cuz they'll fuck up your order...have every single time I have tried to order take out. Literally EVERY time. I live two blocks away and it always seems like a great idea when I am feeling too lazy to get out, but of the five times I've ordered take out they always fuck me over, and you think I'd learn to check it before I leave. I'm usually always in a rush myself.
I discovered this place way too late. I've always heard about it, but never took the time to try it until my senior year of college. Boooy do I regret that! The Top became my favorite restaurant in Gainesville. Their menu is truly unique and they have awesome drink specials! The atmosphere adds to the experience as well. Make sure to get their sweet potato fries and take pictures in the photo booth!
The Top is probably one of Gainesville's food treasures that you need to try at least once while you're here. While I believe that it is a little over-hyped, it's still a solid place to eat. They have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options available that aren't just salads. If you're ever in the mood for a vegan dessert, their vegan chocolate cake is the way to go. The wait time to be seated and get your food is a little long, but it's usually because the place is packed. You should expect to wait at least an hour during busy nights to be even seated. Regardless, it's a Gainesville-one-of-a-kind, and I would recommend eating there for sure.
The top is an ok restaurant. I definitely don't think it warrants 4 or 5 stars, so I'm surprised by the ratings distribution. Oh wait, this is Yelp, where everyone is overly flattering. I've eaten here three or four times over the years when I visit Gainesville. The service is hit or miss and the crowds are annoying and incredibly loud. The draft and beer selections are average. The two main things The Top has going for it are the food, which is pretty good and offers a lot of options for varying diets, and the late hours. Availability of late night food cannot be underestimated. Although, if I recall, they might switch to a scaled down menu for late night?
It's American Craft Beer Week!   I'm an out-of-towner from a great beer town (Decatur, GA), and was pretty impressed with the selection available at the Top. Since Wednesday was Southern Night, I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken served with collard greens, and mac 'n cheese.  The chicken was tasty all the way through, with just the right amount of batter around it.  The pounded chicken breast was flavored all the way through, and the sides were good as well.  Nothing necessarily phenomenal, but very good for pub fare.   Green Flash Imperial Red Rye IPA Imperial Porter Ballast Victory Sea Both of these brews packed a good punch, and had plenty of flavor.   Service overall was friendly and prompt.  A great pick.  Thanks yelp!
We arrived late in town from a three day road trip from the west coast and were starving. Yelp guided us to The Top because of their vegetarian menu and high ratings. It was past 10pm when we arrived, so they transitioned into the bar scene, but fortunately it was Sunday night and not a lot was going on.  I got the roasted veggie sandwich and my wife got the eggplant rollatini. Both were delicious.  The staff was also very friendly. We returned the next Friday night had to wait 45 minutes. Not sure if they take reservations. Our waiter, Chris, was top notch. I ordered an amazing black bean burger and my wife ordered a falafel burger that she wished was the black bean (it is a really good black bean burger). We recommend and will be back in the fall!
Everything everyone Yelped that was positive. Quaint, creative menu, great for vegetarians,  service was better than how my family treats me. Went out of their way to find out the ingredients of their flourless cheesecake. To die for btw. Looks nothing like you think from the outside. We had passed it many times, so glad we came in. Parking can be an issue during prime time, but well worth the drive around looking for a spot. One strange TIP: Bring a flashlight to the restroom. SO dark, both of them. My hubby and gluten eating family members want you to know... their Vegan Chocolate cake is the BEST CHOCOLATE CAKE ANYWHERE, vegan or not. I ate the top of their Peanut Butter pie, THAT was amazing.
Order the San Diego Chicken and split it with a friend. Start with the corn nuggets. Order yourself anything from Swamphead Brewery. If you aren't happy, you never will be. Great place! Even saw Tom Petty here once.
I absolutely love this restaurant. The food and service have always been excellent. They have lots of vegetarian options and plenty of unique food. I usually get the pesto gnocchi or the black bean burger with goat cheese. Definitely try the plantain chips as an appetizer. They come with black beans, guacamole or a mango salsa. The vegan chocolate cake is amazing if you're looking for a rich dessert to share. They do not take reservations but have been great at accommodating large parties when I've gone for friends' birthdays. Just don't have more than 12 people in the group or you can't all fit at one table. The restaurant is very hipster and is decorated accordingly. They have an old-time photo booth where you can take those strips of photos. Overall great atmosphere. I love this place!
The Top has the best drinks ever.  I've had their pear martini and bloody mary and both are delicious.  My brother had the basil martini and it was very tasty also.  Their sweet potato fries are so amazing I always start out with a basket of them immediately. I've enjoyed everything I ordered from The Top.  The only complaint I had was the last time I was there, I had to wait a VERY long time for my food.  The food was very good but apparently it was graduation weekend and the kitchen was short handed.
The problem with The Top has less to do with the food and more to do with the service. The food at The Top isn't bad. In fact, I highly recommend the "Good Morning" burger. The service at the top lacks. I don't blame the individual people, but the management. The issues start immediately upon coming to this place. I never arrived to a half empty restaurant and told there would be a 45 minute wait until I went to this place. I understand that they may be short-staffed, but closing half the restaurant means I have to stand around when I could be seated while I wait. The bar is not an option in these situations, since it gets too crowded to sit at. Reservations mean little here, as they aren't prepared for you like one would expect. If you make a reservation, especially if it's for a larger group, expect to wait like everyone else. In terms of the actual service, I find the bartenders to be the best and most consistent of the lot. I've had both good and bad service here, but even when you wouldn't expect it, it's still slow. If you bring a large, yellow flag, you might have some luck getting your server's attention and getting another drink or addressing any issue you might have, including getting your oder taken. Finally, as I happened upon it accidentally, you don't want to see their health inspection report.
Granted I've only dined here once (and that will probably be the only time unless I ever sack up and go to The Fest) but I fail to see why there's so much hating. Driving around Gainesville on a lazy Sunday morning didn't yield too many breakfast options. Satchel's was closed, the bars weren't open, and I sure as shit wasn't going to be eating at IHOP, feel me? The Top was open and fit the bill perfectly. I loved the weird artwork spread throughout and how dark and almost tropical it was in there with the palms and what not. I was seated quickly by a nice gent who I swear is in one of the bands in my iTunes rotation. Ordered up water on account of Gainesville's "NO BOOZE UNTIL 1PM YOU DRUNK BASTARDS!!!" city ordinance. Lame. Quite a few things on the menu looked enticing but I went with one of the brunch specials; breakfast tacos. Yes. Oh yes. I totally expected some Tex-Mex nonsense but what came out was surprisingly good. I had a heap of potatoes, and two good sized tacos with scrambled eggs, salsa and some other fixings on top. The meal set well. Not too heavy, not too light. From my table in the back by the photo booth, it looked like The Top could be a pretty cool place for some drinking or just dining on what I believe to be pretty awesome food. The cool servers paid great attention to the water line in my glass and even offered some directions for a music crazed tourist to the No Idea Records compound. That was worth an extra dollar when it came to be tip time.
Good atmosphere. Great beer list. Good menu. My favorite thing to get is the widowmaker hamburger. Only thing is it gets busy a lot so you might have to wait a while if you go at really popular time.
The Top is one of those places you love or hate. I usually love it, but I know when to go and when to avoid the place. For best food and service go any night but Fri/Sat. If you do choose to try the food on those days, go early or late. Food wise, the portions, flavors and creativity equal more than you find in most places in the Ville. Sunday brunch: Spectacular. I'm not vegan, but the vegan blueberry pancakes are superb (and you can always put butter on them, the stone ground grits are the best in town. Eggs are top notch local farm fresh and you can taste it. I'm almost hesitant to tell people how good the Sunday Brunch actually is. I've eaten here on Sunday AM more than any other time. Dinner: My neighbor is in love with the burgers. He's a picky guy who hates stuff on his burgers and loves these. I agree. The pasta dishes are filled with flavor and the desserts are sinful. I've only had dinner here a few times, but every visit was at or above expectations. The Bar: At one point they used to allow smoking once the kitchen closed - as a non smoker that was quite annoying. Something changed and now they have a smokers pariah section out back where the hipsters can kill themselves. The rest of us can sit in air conditioned comfort and enjoy great libations at a lively bar. Martini specials on many nights, well made drinks and a wide beer selection make it a win. The Crowd: Generally quite hip, in that uber casual Gainesville way. Ironic tee shirts, indie kids and neo-hippies abound. Decor is decidedly kitsch in a 50s-70s kind of way. The front counter doubles as a case of oddball tchotchkes, with sales proceeds going to charity. Service: Spotty, casual/average, sometimes well done. Don't expect perfect service. Don't be in a hurry. I'm certain that a lot of clove/ciggy breaks are required. Also, trucker beards and skinny jeans seem to be the uniform. The servers range from friendly to aloof. The Top is a place you will like for its vibe... or you won't. I happen to like places like this and I accept the flaws as part of the charm.
I'm kind of okay with the wait that can crop up from time to time. I mean, it's warranted. It is some of the best food in town. The Top caters to everyone--I mean EVERYONE. Carnivores. Vegetarians. Omnivores. Meat and potatoes fans. Vegans. Big eaters. Small eaters. My mom. Seriously, everyone can find something here that will make them happy. It's super casual and laid back in here with a ton of wacky shit to look at. Bonsai tree lamps, phallic vases, plants, photos, ostrich figurines...you get the idea. It's primarily a college town after all. The booths overpower the situation, but there is a bar, too. The menu even rolls late night, which is necessary after a night of drinking and you don't want to stand in that line at Flaco's. Sure, it sounds like a dance club in the bar at that hour, but at least you're gorging on a pesto chicken melt and fries. I've only hung around in the burger and sandwich realm of the menu, but I haven't been disappointed in the slightest. They use pretzel buns. I'll just let that sink in for a minute. ... ... ... Get that? Pretzel buns are the best thing that ever happened to a burger. The burgers are totally customizable, too, depending on your protein preference. Beef, chicken, black bean. Regular bacon. Fakin' bacon. Do whatever you want. The combos on the menu are not good for my indecision. My heart stopped when I took a bite into their house-made black bean burger topped with goat cheese and real bacon. The black bean burger is thick and meaty. It was definitely drier than some I've had, but the consistency and thickness really makes up for it (that's what she said...). Their fries are perfect. Crispy and soft in the middle. Beers are cheap. That tallboy tastes even better with a straw in it. There is definitely more to the menu than I've let on. Everyone will be happy. I promise.
The food is solid and the service was less obnoxious than previous reviews suggest, but I wasn't blown away by any stretch of the imagination.  If I leaned veggie, I think I'd probably be more impressed by the obvious care that went into the tofu and tempeh-centric dishes.  But as a steak lover, this place gets a big fat "meh."   For those of you orgasming over the corn nuggets ... Sonny's has 'em too for cheaper.  Seriously.
The Top is one of the better places to eat and drink in Downtown Gainesville. The food is great (most of it) and the drinks are real cheap on certain nights. Late nights, you gotta be 21+ to get in. The atmosphere is pretty unique. It's pretty much a "sports bar" for hipsters. But the service is great, people are friendly, and food is good. Hours piss me off though....can never tell when this place is open. This place is weird in that you can have a fancy dinner or just have some drinks with friends. (Versatility might be the word I'm looking for) In any case....did I mention the food? Great burgers....but I was VERY disappointed when they took my favorite one off the menu. I used to get the Last Buccaneer burger (Huge Bacon and Pan-Seared Scallops on a Burger!? Fantastic). Unfortunately, they removed it. (i think that Single-handedly docked this place from 5 stars to 4 stars for me). The burger was the best burger I had eaten in all of Florida. (Closest thing to a foodgasm you can reach) They have a lot of different specials everyday. I've had fish tacos here (amazing by the way). The fish tacos were fried cod with coleslaw and a creamy sauce. The sweet potato fries are a local favorite. The crab cakes were awful though. Didnt sit well with me. The duck breast was fantastic (I had it rare) but it was too pricey for me to get a second time. Corn nuggets here are overrated....theyre pretty much the same everywhere. For dessert, chocolate bourbon torte is a must. My buddy in culinary school now still has wet dreams about that thing. (It's unhealthy how much he enjoyed it) Essentially, its a slice of sweet chocolate cake with a strong hint of bourbon. They also have a pretty big beer selection. Lots of different kinds and they have specials on them on certain nights. Parking is crap. This place is definitely one of those places you have to try. It's a little pricey, so you can come here when you want to celebrate or something. But definitely get your butt over there sometime.
My tofu triangles appetizer was pretty good, but I would have rather not sat around for half an hour waiting for it. Service was painfully slow. I'm used to waiters not giving a damn about customers (ever had dinner on South Beach?), but this was just crazy. My dinner order was screwed up, but I kept it anyway (I didn't actually eat it. It tasted like there was sand in my curry.)  for fear of spending another hour and a half waiting for it. There aren't a whole lot of places to choose from in Gainesville, so I can see why this place is appealing to others, but I'd rather go hungry.
I spent three years trying to not like the Top.  I was told it was a vegan place and I immediately decided that I wanted nothing to do with the Top.  Fortunately, I became friends with some pseudo-indie kids and they both introduce me to the Top and to the nearby Atlantic. So the Top has Blue Moon on tap.  That's wonderful.  Also, they have a photo booth.  The inside is pretty hip and warm.  Now for the food:  have the corn nuggets and the sweet potato fries.  If you don't, then your life will simply be less bright.  I am a big fan of the Good Morning Burger as well.  Sadly it took me three years to recognize this place as sweet restaurant and great later night bar/snack spot.
I looooove this place!!  I needed a good place to hit up on Saturday night for Valentine's Day dinner, and seeing as I was not familiar with Gainesville, I consulted Yelp.  The Top kept coming up in my searches, and it seemed like just what I was looking for.  So glad I went!! Decor is kitschtastic.  Fantastic owls on one wall, tiki bird books on the tables, intriguing artwork all 'round.  The menu had many great options.  We followed the advice of previous reviewers and tried the corn nuggets, which were really good.  The boy got the pecan encrusted tofu, and I got the southwestern pasta; both were awesome.  And we split the peanut butter pie for dessert, and while heavy, was still really good. One of the best things about this place is the photo booth in the back, as the photos even say the name of the restaurant in between frames!  And all for only $2!   The service was good, the prices were reasonable, and I left here feeling oh-so-happy.  We don't really have many places like this in New England, which makes me sad.  But I'll have those photo booth pictures to remind me of the great time I had at The Top!
Everything about this place is perfect. Sure, the food can be hit or miss depending on who's cookin', but really the worst I've ever had at the Top is equal to the best at other places in town. It does get really busy for dinner, but with the newly expanded bar it's never a big deal to just get a drink and relax outside while waiting for a table. Get sweet potato fries, corn nuggets, peanut butter pie, and tip the bartenders well - they make a mighty fine drink! Also fyi, after 10 PM, it's 21+.
I am so turned off by this place, the service is the worse i have EVER seen starting with the front hostess.  If it wasn't for my friends wanting to go there and not being familiar with this area, i would have walked out.   I went up to this hostess guy and friendly asked about where we stand on being seating, he reacted like Im from a different planet and why am I talking to him.   There were others in the area who dropped their jaw as well. The meals seemed to take forever and out dinner ended up lasting 10 times longer then it needed which included when i took the bill to the front hostess stand and explained to the hostess we were in a hurry cause our dinner took forever.  She responded that she cant take it and i asked politely if she could find my server and give it to him.  (keep in mind its was like 11pm at night and we were like one of the last tables in the restaurant and the hostess didn't have a lot to do)  she responded with "Well it will just sit there" referring to the checks.   I politely asked again, to please hand this to our server and walked away. However the food itself was decent, but the services just made the experience horrible.   I hear restaurants in the area come and go all the time and i got a feeling this will be one of them.
I Love this place, therefore it gets an update from me. Is it the best food Ive ever had? no, but in our case its been consistently good, and you cant ask for more than that. I really enjoy the atmosphere, because its dark and the booths are cozy and there are weird-ass decorations and tsotchkes in the bathrooms that are never the same. The staff is bearded and can barely walk in tight pants and sometimes I think they were manufactured in the same hipster factory complete with a tattoo program and smarmy 101. We have had some iffy service but most of all I feel taken care of. The music is never the same, sometimes we hear sinatra followed by some indie band followed by eminem. I enjoy the variety. It can get really loud in there and I expect it to be that way, Its not a quiet restaurant especially on the bar side. BUT it is a romantic place, in my opinion anyway :) Onto the food and drinks. Ive had a sampling of what they have to offer. Appetizer wise I love the corn nuggets, they used to have a maytag blue cheese chips concoction but got rid of it (sad laura face here).  Ive had the buffalo tempeh, the sweet potato fries and while good they arent the nuggets-o-yummy. Salads are good but in my opinion , unless you add a protein they arent worth it, BUT their SIDE salad is AMAZING! for a Buck Fifty you can add one to your entree and they are HUGE, with romaine/spring mix and kalamata olives, red onions, sprouts, cucumbers, and shredded carrots. I like the Garlic Ranch dressing, but its also good with just plain old Oil and Vinegar. Entrees: I love the weekly specials, and have tried their special burger on this list before. A "Boss Hog" burger that had pimento cheese, fried green tomatoes, and bacon. I do love their regular burgers, the Reuben Burger (burger, sauerkraut, swiss and thousand island on pumpernickel rye bread) being my favorite, with the rocket burger coming in second (goat cheese rocket lettuce roasted red peppers) You can also build your own. Ive had them come out perfect every time and I like my burgers very very rare. Last night I chose the Pesto Gnocchi for the first time and it was perfection, soft pillows of gnocchi in a creamy pesto sauce with sundried tomatoes and parmesean cheese on top. The red curry is also very good, and spicy like i like it. We are regulars here now, we come for the good food as well as the best mojitos in gainesville, I appreciate its uniqueness, its crunchy staff and I forgive them sometimes for being a bit lazy, it takes A lot of concentration to be so Hip.
I'm a huge fan of this place!   The food is excellent (the cesar salas is the best I've ever had).  Combine that with the funky decor and eclectic vibe and their fantastic beer selections.... This is one fun place to visit for an outstanding meal!
We ended up here around midnight on a Thursday night and were immediately carded.  From the crowd outside gathering, it appeared that there was a wait to be seated.  However, there were plenty of tables available inside. So don't let the crowds fool you.  I love the retro decor and the dim lighting. There as a PBR special that night, so all of the Hipster kids were there being stylish.  I ordered a Lambic and my husband tried two different beers that he was not so fond of.   We seated ourselves since we did not see any signs that said to do otherwise.  The Late Night menu was way more limited than I was hoping for.  There were appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, and a few salads.  The burgers read as very appetizing, served on a pretzel roll.  The flavor was not as bold as I was hoping for, but the meat was very tender.  The loaded fries were just decent, but the mild swiss cheese sauce that they were covered with was worth every bite.  If the sauce was not hitting the fry, then I was no longer interested. I was mostly looking forward to their fried pickles, and they were everything I was hoping for; crispy, thin cut, and salty.  The horseradish sauce was also an excellent pairing.  We will definitely return to try their regular menu one day when we have an abundance of money and a craving for some fried foods.
Somehow I made it almost 3 years in Gainesville without visiting The Top.  Like Leonardo's 706, this is one of those super-popular restaurants that I just don't get.  The loud and crowded "scene" and too-cool-for-you service doesn't do it for me, though I realize this vibe appeals to some people. I went with a group for dinner a few weeks ago.  I had a mediterranean pasta with olives, sun dried tomatoes, feta and such.  Sounded good on paper but it was a watery mess.  Other people's food looked better, though.  Service was nonexistent - I don't think anyone ever got a chance to order a second drink.  Our waitress did offer to split the checks at the end of the meal, which was a pleasant surprise after being ignored the rest of the time we were there. I'd give it another try if somebody else suggested it, but I am unlikely to ever initiate an outing here.
This place is quirky and gets packed on the weekends so get ready to wait with a lobster timer, even if you've made reservations. This is the 2nd time I've been here and I love it! The decor is quirky. There's a foto-booth in the back although it's sketch as heck and has a pic of Hannah Montana on it? 2 bucks. It works and flashes without warning sometimes. The food is good. I love the fried tofus happy-tizers. Unique menu items. Sandwich and burger portions are large. I leave a happy customer. Parking can be a pain bc it's downtown, but it's worth your trouble :)
