Excellent restaurant with fast, friendly service, exceptional BBQ and wonderful Southern-style side dishes and sweet tea. Also beer for those who are looking for one! We had dinner there before a football game. The restaurant is sports-themed with a ceiling mural that our server referred to as the "Sistine Chapel of the Gators." TVs abound for those who are monitoring game status. Lots of nice BBQ sauces to try, including an "Insanely Hot" sauce that lives up to its billing. Give the big chains a miss and try Adam's Rib Co. for some true local flavor.
I think they have become wayyyyy to expensive. $4 to add a side of sweet potato fries with maybe 12 fries in it! Everything went up in price recently, now their every day meal deal is not even a good deal. The person who took my order didn't let me know that they had a special that day that was basically what I had ordered but cheaper and didn't fx it when I said something.
Pretty damn good.  Sticky tables, styrofoam cups and plastic silverware and a sports bar meets BBQ shack mashup, but the food was amazing - and a really great deal. I ordered the $13.99 two meat combo - chicken and ribs - with a side of Mac n Cheese, BBQ baked beans and two slices of toast.  I was flippin stuffed and didn't even eat it all.  Chicken was ordered as "white meat" but it looked like a half of chicken to me.  Wonderfully smoked and super tender - didn't need any BBQ sauce.  Ribs were dry rubbed - my preference - with a really nice charred crust along with tender - not mushy - meat that didn't necessarily fall off the bone but pretty close.  Again, just the way I liked my ribs.  I loved the baked beans.  It was made with their rib meat and a very nice balance of textures and flavors - smokey and sweet.  Mac n Cheese to me was OK.  Bread I could have done without. Overall though, great service, food and value.  A nice Yelp find.
Check out this website to read the real reviews- glassdoor.com/Overview/W… I do not know how the EPA has not fined the business for dumping oil into the storm drains, run-off into the parking lot or the Tumblin Creek that runs behind the South location. The North location is crumbling and includes a moldy and soggy ceiling tile in the men's bathroom and black mold underneath the front of house sink area. The owner repeatedly and consciously refuses to follow health code.  All equipment including steam tables, steam wells, freezers and coolers will not hold proper temperature.  He does not store or properly cool food (see below for link, proof).  He goes against safe hand washing procedures by drying dishes in hand washing sinks. The sinks and floor drain do not properly work and constantly back-up.  If product starts to spoil because of improper storage temps, he will smell it and if it's not completely green, he will tell you to wash it off and put it in the smoker.  This is followed by microwaving the product to "kill" any bacteria. NOTICE THE REOCCURRING VIOLATIONS: restaurants.wtsp.com/ada…   restaurants.wtsp.com/ada…
Damn good ribs. The ribs are large, perfectly cooked, rubbed down with something amazing, and never fatty.  To be honest, I can only eat one or two before I am full.   The sauces are perfection.  There are so many sauces to choose from, but I have two favorites:  Sweet Honey Mustard and the Classic house sauce.  I think the house sauce is the one that is on the table, it is sweet and apple based.  I like thick sweet sauces, which complement the salty yummy rub on the meat. My favorite sides are fried okra and BBQ beans.  This okra is down-home south fried cornmeal okra, no joke stuff.  Almost as good as my favorite okra place in south Georgia.  We cannot name names here on Yelp. The atmosphere is great, local, casual--- and the service friendly.  This location is much larger and less stressful than the tiny location by GHS.   My only beef with the location lately is that I will come by during open hours and they will be closed.  No sign or anything posted as to why they are closed.
I am in town for 2 days for a wedding that my daughter is in. I needed to have good delivered to the hotel while my daughter was at the rehearsal and dinner. It was pouring rain and I had no car. I found Adams Ribs most appealing by the reviews and my mood. So, I decided to order through Yelp's option which I learned was powered by Eat24. I ordered the beef brisket basket on garlic bread with collard greens, potato salad, cornbread, and peach cobbler for dessert!  The brisket was succulent and tender with some burnt ends. I ordered the sweet bbq sauce and thought I ordered extra though there was little in the sandwich and no extra. Other customers said the potato salad is great and I agree it was just right to complement the meat without overpowering.  The greens were seasoned and cooked expertly. I think they would be a good first try for s greens newbie. The cornbread was sweet and solid. I was a bit disappointed with the peach cobbler since the crust was doughy, undercooked. I thought maybe it was because it was a delivery but it was simply not baked long enough. This was a generous meal that could have been shared as I ate about half of each item.  (See photo) The most interesting part of this experience was using the order online feature of Yelp. I set up my credit card for later use but wish I could have used either PayPal or Google wallet. I didn't think I got a confirmation email but it was in an account I don't use as often. I called the restaurant who WA helpful in connecting me with their third party delivery company and got it sorted out. It took 90 min. to arrive.  All in all, I learned something and got great food!
Your typical average BBQ. The side items are pretty tasty. The Mac and cheese is a must have. The meats are not the best. Ribs are different than your normal bbq place. Hard to explain why. The atmosphere is not good. Think of an old Dunkin Donuts with a bbq place in it. That is exactly what it is. The donuts racks can even be seen while in the restaurant. Food 6/10 Pricing 7/10 Atmosphere 4/10 Service 5/10
Potato salad was mediocre pulled pork was dry and didnt have much flavor mac and and cheese was delicious french fries were delicious price is outrageous customer service was below average. However, still better than Sonny's so, its got that going for it.
The ribs were fall off the bone and delicious. There are so many different varieties of sauce to try, you'll never get bored! Out server was sweet and helpful, and we will be coming back soon!
They say everything is bigger in Texas. I think that motto also applies to the BBQ in Gainesville. Today was my first time trying real Southern BBQ and I was not in the least disappointed. I got one ofthe Big Deal combo, which consisted of a pork sandwich, one big rib, a side, and a 32 oz. drink all for around $10. The pork sandwich was stuffed and overflowing with smoked pork between two slices of buttered garlic toast. It was amazing and went even better with more of the barbecue sauce. The rib was obviously the best part of the meal. In fact, I'm going to just go ahead and say that it was the best barbecued rib I've ever had. The meat was so juicy and fell right off the bone. There was a slight char to the skin, which gave it a smokey flavor, but it retained flavors of sweetness and tang, all of which were in perfect balance. I chose collard greens as my side because I was afraid it would be the only thing close to vegetables I would get on my trip. Even the side had meat in it. It was a little too salty for my liking, but still good. All of this was washed down with a gigantic, 32 ounces of Pepsi. God, I feel like I need to go work out now.
Adam's Rib Co. lives up to the Gainesville hype.   This is College-Town, USA, so expect college prices with heavy portions. I ain't even mad! Stopped in here after touring Shands and the College of Dentistry, it must've been like 11:30am and there was already several people inside. Ordered the special that day, which was 3 ribs, two sides and drink for I think $9? Not bad, these ribs are HUGE. And they fall right off the bone. I ordered the mac n' cheese and baked beans. I guess I was expecting "Miami mac n' cheese", ya know? The cheese with like truffle oil, some B12 and botox? Yeah, no. The mac n' cheese doesn't live up to my "Miami standards". The baked beans had CHUNKS, I repeat, CHUNKS of bacon in it! I am by no means a bacon-lover, but I appreciate the CHUNKS of bacon in there. I really really really do! To drink, I ordered the sweet tea and man was it sweet! Not exactly my cup of tea (lulz). But I'm sure had I mixed it with some lemonade it'd even out the flavors. All in all, check out this Gainesville staple, I PROMISE you, you will be anything but disappointed!
Best BBQ I've ever had, super delicious, good assistance, very good sides. 3-rib dinner is super good. Apettizers: Black Eyed Peas and Potato salad.
Awesome ribs! Great selection of sauces! Megan was very helpful.  Will definitely go again.
I found this place here on Yelp. My daughter chose to eat Burrito Bros. I thought BBQ was a better choice before getting on the road home. I was right!! The first thing I loved was the super friendly atmosphere and SERVICE!! I found the prices to be very good. But most of all, the food was delicious! I ate the Quarter chicken with potato salad and cole slaw (I'm Gluten Intolerant and the waiter knew exactly what to do :)). My husband had the pork sandwich with fries and cole slaw. Both the chicken and prom were very tasty and had really good moistness. I will definitely recommend Adam's to my UF nieces and nephews!
This is an amazing BBQ stop, especially for FL which doesn't on the whole deserve much of a reputation for BBQ. Worth time for anyone who loves BBQ to stop in a have some. My normal order always involves ribs, which is their obvious forte. There are a wide array of sauces, which definitely appeals to my love of BBQ sauces. Adam's Delight is perfect for filling you up and includes banana pudding, which they do very well. Underrated on their menu is the turkey, which is juicy and has great taste. Cheerwine available on fountain at this location for fellow Cheerwine fanatics like me.
I have been in the south my entire life and, trust me, I know what great barbecue tastes like.  Adams does not disappoint with its portions or prices, and it was a pleasant surprise to find this place when I first came to Gainesville as a freshman (I'm now about to be a senior and have visited Adams numerous times without disappointment). The Space: The newer location on SW 13th next to Arby's is definitely more accommodating for a group wishing to eat in.  They have a few TVs for whatever might be on at the time and a bar seating for those who want a few cold ones along side their smokey goodness.  And, thanks to the closed down coffee place next door, parking is not really an issue even when they are busy. The Food: Suffice it to say they have a killer combo: plenty of options and plenty of side dishes, all served in solid portions.  My last visit included the Moochele Brisket Dinner with black-eyed peas, collard greens and 3 slices of corn bread, but I have ordered their ribs, pulled pork, and chicken dinners as well with varying sides. In terms of quality, the meats are always the stars at Adams.  My brisket is charred nicely on the outside to give that authentic crispness on the skin, the ribs are definitely memorably flavorful from previous visits and the chicken has been moist and flavorful when I have order it in the past.  On thing to be careful of, in my opinion, is the sweetness of their sauces if you get a meat that gets made with sauce (i.e. ribs, pulled pork sandwich, etc.).  I know many people love brown sugar, ketchup sauce with a hint of tang, but I actually tend to prefer the thinner mustard-forward South Carolina style and it can be overkill for that demographic. The side dishes, as with many a meal I have had out, are afterthoughts in most cases.  This is to be expected, I guess, but this definitely contributes to why Adams is not "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" PRO TIP #1: Get a beverage/tea.  The cups are gigantic and they serve Cheerwine which is somewhat rare to see. PRO TIP #2: Use their sauces.  They have ~10-15 sauces, several of which are made in-house.  My personal favorite is the Ghost Pepper Hot which actually does a decent job of pulling out the flavor AND heat of the pepper. The Service: Not too much to complain about, honestly.  The space is still limited, but not so much as the original location north on 13th.  When they get busy, it can be kind of noisy and the service can slip a touch, but not enough to be atrocious.  Take-out, on the other hand, has always been so prompt that I have never found it necessary to call ahead.  I show up, place my order, and 5 minutes later I am walking out the door with my food.  The wait gives me enough time to taste-test the sauces to see which I want to take along with me. Overall a completely awesome place to get southern barbecue for cheap, whether dining in, taking out or even catering to a larger crowd for game day.
The Gainesville BBQ scene is a slightly underrated one. The city is the birthplace of Sonny's (although that can be taken as a good or bad thing, depending on your view of the chain). The burgh is also home to a solid group of BBQ options that include a new 4Rivers franchise, as well as home-grown Kay Bros. and David's. However, the crown jewel of this group is Adam's Rib Co. which now boasts two locations on SR 441. The South location, formerly a Gainesville hotspot known as Joe's Deli, serves up the same tasty BBQ you can find at the original north location, which is near Gainesville High School. The newer Adam's store is just a stone's throw from the UF campus, and the murals on the ceiling, depicting great games in Gators football history lets you know it (this touch is a holdover from the former Joe's Deli). You really can't go wrong with any of the items on Adam's Menu, which includes some daily specials (Meatloaf Monday gets a hearty recommendation here). But my top choice is the Adam's Big Deal, which includes a Chopped Pork sandwich, one rib, a drink (hard to go wrong with their good, authentic Sweet Tea) and one side for $10. This was my choice on Wednesday afternoon, and while cole slaw is a typical add-on (it makes a great addition on the pork sandwich), Adam's macaroni and cheese was the choice of the day on this particular occasion. Adam's ribs are the signature item here as the name of the restaurant suggests. They are superbly marinated and fall-off-the-bone tender. Hard to go wrong there. The brisket is good, but the pork really gets my seal of approval. Some BBQ places can suffer from bland side dishes, but that's not an issue at Adam's as the cole slaw and Macaroni get a dash of spice, and the beans are augmented with bits of bacon. Collards, corn and fried okra are among the other side options. Jalapeno Poppers and Corn Nuggets are good choices as well. All in all, it's hard to go wrong with Adam's. If Sweet Tea isn't your thing, you can wash the meal down with a nice, cold glass of locally brewed Swamp Head beer. And there are always home-baked goodies to finish off with if you have a sweet tooth. If you're in Gainesville on business (or for a Florida home football game) and have a taste for good BBQ, making time for Adam's should most certainly be on the to-do list.
By far the best BBQ in town. I haven't strayed too far from my usual order of ribs with mac and cheese as the side, but I've heard good things about the rest of the menu as well. We've also had Adam's cater three different events, and they've always been timely, professional, and offered very good food (at excellent prices). We really like the new location (next to work at the hospital and campus) as well, and the seating inside is a bit more comfortable and expansive than the original location. Our only complaint is that it's directly across the street from our gym, and often draws us away from our goal of getting in a workout.
AH MAH GAH!!!!   Over 5 stars for this one.  It was busy in there but pretty casual.  The service was great--they got us in and out quickly (necessity w/ 2 little ones) but without making us feel rushed which is great.  Also its cheap and they give you a TON of food.  But most importantly, the food is sooooooo good OMG.   We came here this past weekend on a trip to Gainesville and it was the first place we tried and I kept begging my hubby to take us back but he never did.   Probably for the best because eating here is not going to help out your waistline.  But it was sooo good.  Tried brisket, smoked chicken, and ribs-- all the meats were fantastic.  Mac n cheese was really good but the potato salad WAS THE BOMB DOT COM totally awesome sauce amazing tasty BBQ.  Love it.
Satisfy all your hangover needs here. The breakfast items are cheap, delicious, and come in big portions. I highly recommend the breakfast potatoes and bagel sandwiches. I've also eaten a chicken sandwich here, and goodness gracious it was DELICIOUS. It tasted so fresh I expected there to be chickens running around out back.
Get the city boy...ribs & brisket!  The ribs are the best I've ever had.  The brisket only rivals Swine, in Miami, for the best I've ever had.  The potato salad was phenomenal and the collard greens were spot on.   So let's back track; the City Boy comes with your choice of two meats and two sides.  There are four meats you can choose from and about nine sides.  If I lived in the area, I'd fill you in on more but I doubt I'll ever be back in Gainesville again. Service was very friendly and the dining room was clean.  I noticed tables were being cleaned off right away, even during slow times (2p-5p).  That type of productivity says a lot of about the cleanliness of the kitchen as well. You have got a winner here...
Best ribs I've ever had! The servers and front line staff are also really really personable and friendly.  Kyle remembers my name and greets me accordingly,  which makes going to Adams feel that much more inviting.  Their brunch is also yummy!
I'm not sure how long this place has been here, but it definitely wasn't around when I was living in Gainesville. For this, I am actually thankful because I would probably be morbidly obese and diabetic if it had been. Brisket, ribs, smoked chicken all fantastic. Excellent sauces. Great sides. A true country vibe. Very reasonable prices and very generous portions.  It's tough to think of something negative to say about this place. They even have cheerwine on the soda machine here. Really excellent BBQ. Will definitely be back.
Riiiiiibs! These aren't baby-back ribs --- your average person can't handle a half rack (much less a full rack) without help.  We averaged 2-3 ribs per person, with some sides.  Juicy, a little messy, but not drenched in sauce --- these hit the spot. The fried okra was amazing, nice and corn-crusted.  The collard greens were more cooked (and more porky) than we make at home, but excellent. The beer selection is forgettable (nothing dark, just light or IPA).
This place never gets old. Love it every single time! Adams is by far the best rib place in Gainesville. It's a small place that does a lot of business. For the price, you can't go wrong. I have never heard any of my friends say anything negative about this place. You want good BBQ? Go here! I personally love the 3 rib dinner. It comes with two sides of your choice. Take the time and go experience this place if you have to have BBQ. It's definitely affordable and great to eat!
New Location for Adams Ribs Co. Adam's Ribs dishes out some of the best BBQ in town in my opinion. Though there are some places a bit better and everyone seems to have their own opinion, Adams definitely has to be one of the tops. This new location is a branch off the one on NW 16th ave. Same good ole bbq in a location much closer to campus. This place also happens to be bigger and not as cramp as the old one. Menus are still the same. Service seems even better. The Ribs and pulled pork sandwiches are solid. Ribs here are large and come right off the bone and are still fatty enough to keep them juicy. They seem to be basted with a honey and water mixture that keeps it sweet and savory. The ribs are also spritzed with some of their original sweet bbq sauce (though they have an entire bar filled with a variety of at least 15 sauces). The pulled pork sandwiches are solid and come with either buttered toast or bun. The pulled pork is tender and tastes great. Though sometimes it can be a bit tough depending on the time of day I suppose. At its best, it is meaty, smoky, and flavorful (but I still love to throw on some BBQ sauce and coleslaw). Glad to see Adams open up another location. Hopefully enough people will come by and see why I think Adams is some of the best. Their sweet tea is incredible but be careful because its pretty much liquid diabetes. The sides are great too and they really know how to cater to a student crowd, wallet-wise (bring about $10 and you'll be filled).
Dined here a couple times already for lunch. Both times were consistently good. Their new 13th street location near Shands is much more conducive for dining than their original 13th street location near God Fathers Pizza. Love that they have different homemade sauces. Service was very good both times. I came here for the BBQ, and being a BBQ expert (LOL I eat a lot of it ) Adams as got my vote for best BBQ in the Gainesville area. Bono's on Newberry is a close 2nd, Davids is 3rd but not as close in the running and of course Sonny's is dead last (being the McDonalds' of BBQ). Now I've only been here for lunch. Food was fresh, meat nicely smoked, but most importantly when it comes to BBQ is was fall off the bone tender.
This was awesome. The best BBQ I have ever had. We had the big family dinner, beef, pork, ribs, chicken, beans, Mac n cheese, fries and corn fritters. Everything was hot and delicious. The wait staff was very friendly and nice. The restaurant was packed but we got a table right away. There was so much food. This is a must!
Good BBQ with a few different sauce choices.  Nothing wrong with it, but nothing really remarkable either.
Great BBQ. So far I've tried the chopped brisket, chopped pork, and pulled rib meat and all were delicious. Perfectly seasoned and perfected smoked. Service has always been fast. You can order to go at the counter and get your food pretty quick. Some apt complexes like mine can get a discount if you bring your perks card.
This is the best BBQ I've ever eaten...and I consider myself a BBQ connoisseur. There wasn't one thing I didn't enjoy. I've found my new favorite place to eat.
Visited my parents and sister and met there for dinner. The food was very good  and the portions were generous. There is limited seating but we were seated promptly. The majority of their business seemed to be take out. The staff was courteous and helpful with their food suggestions.
This was a really good change in pace considering all the fast food one may eat if staying in town for a bit.  Pickle chips are so Yummy!  The turkey wasn't dry at all which is often the case when it's smoked.  Pork was good as well.  I could have had a big ole bowl of their black eyed peas and been happy, they were amazing and the macaroni and cheese is straight up comfort food.  Get corn bread..so sweet and moist!  Only downfall is the BBQ sauces are lined up at bar style seating and if someone is sitting there ya just don't wanna interrupt their dinner to get a different slice than what is on the tables.
This was my first Southern BBQ experience, and it was pretty good. The staff were all very friendly. The coleslaw and collard greens were very nice, the cornbread was sweeter than I'm used to, but maybe that's what Southern BBQ is all about. The ribs were pretty fatty, and the bbq sauce was ok. I'll have to try Southern BBQ a few more times before I can judge the quality of the ribs fairly, but I'd say this place is worth a try. Just note that the quantities of food are HUGE. A big change from Canada!
The rib dinner was very good with Mac and cheese and collard greens. The ribs had plenty of meat and were cooked very well to where the meat starts falling off the bone. Definitely a better experience than Sonny's. It was also better than David's BBQ for quality if food. Service was great the eft amount of attention without being annoying.
Southern BBQ at it's best!
I just love this place!!! Had only had breakfast at the original location on NW 13th Street but decided to try them out for lunch one day at the new location on SW 13th Street and it was GREAT!!!! The chopped pork is about average but the ribs are some of the best I have ever had. Portions are good, service fast and friendly. Prices are a little higher than than some but not by much. The fries and collards are yummy!!!! The only reason they don't get that 5th star is the sauce, but as good as the ribs are you don't need any sauce. Will be a longtime customer.
Had to go to Gainesville for a business trip recently and found this place on YELP.  Man I'm glad I did.  Great ribs and corn nuggets. Really enjoyed my meal here.
It's not the best BBQ I've ever had but it's the best BBQ in Gainesville as far as I'm concerned. I always get the pulled pork. My mother and my fiance both love their ribs. Their in-store BBQ sauce collection is amazing - that alone is the main reason I don't do take out very often.
GOOD MEAT. Good sides. Nice staff.  This one's a keeper.
Great tasting food, generous portions, and economically priced. Quite a variety of selections from which to choose. Very convenient location to campus. Beer on tap. Works for me.
I'm not particularly into BBQ but Adam's Rib opened near where I work and we have been several times for the convenience and location... and now I'm a fan!  I have had the chicken each time, which is delicious and flavorful... It's tasty even without sauce (although the sweet sauce is great).  Usually I've been disappointed at other places by bland tasting BBQ that relies on sauces to liven it up. The  Adam's Rib coleslaw is light and tasty and the fries are evil in a good way. The staff are friendly and they are pretty quick for take-out. Very happy to have them close by.
If you're a rib-eater, do yourself a favor and walk through the restaurant first to see if anybody is eating any.  This will give you an idea of the size of the things should you choose to order.  It's hard to picture a rib joint having such inconsistently sized ribs, but that's what happens at Adam's.  They range from top tier to what gets passed to the kid's table at a picnic.  Other BBQ items good, too, and much more consistent. Do not sit at the counter.  The counter is not very deep, barely enough room for plate and drink, plus when others arrive you will be hemmed in.  Not good barbeque eating conditions.  The worst is that the majority of their sauces are at the counter which means every 15 seconds someone is coming up from the dining area reaching across you or your buddy in order to grab a bottle.  There has to be a better way, guys.  I love the variety, but please put it in an accessible place. Have tried breakfast at the new location twice now.  Fast, but prices very expensive.  Lunch is priced decently on most items, but breakfast is out of touch with quality/quantity.  Biscuits and gravy should be priced reasonably.   Also, bring a variety of bills and change with you,.  That way you can avoid the inevitable lines at the register by leaving your money at your table.   Between call-in orders, and people splitting checks 7-ways with credit cards, it can be a nightmare if you have to get back to work. Staff are quick, friendly, and attentive.
Best BBQ place in town hands down...  I really Like Pearl's too, but driving out to Micanopy is a hike.  These guys always put out quality food and super friendly!
Yep, this place is it. It's THE rib joint in town. Never had less than a 4 star BBQ experience here. Very consistent, good food.
Very good quality barbecue for a really good price. Tons of sauce selection, which I'm a big fan of. Service is beyond amazing.
Outstanding homestyle bbq. Serve coke products instead of pepsi for the fifth star from me ;-)
my favorite BBQ in Gainesville.
