Long overdue review from a million ... maybe 2 million ... visits.  Between getting lunch delivered, eating it there, or taking it to go, I would consider myself an expert.  And broke. The ingredients are always fresh, in fact, I think I step over some of their greens in their small, impromptu garden in back as I make my way to their door.   I've had salads, sandwich's, cookies, soups, brownies .... I'll eat anything from them.  Everything they can possibly make homemade THEY DO and the quality of their food attests to it.  And they get their bread from The Vine!   I love to support this place!  Thanks Tempo!
This is my vegetarian haven in Gainesville. From succulent soups to neat organic teas to lovely (and fresh!) handmade sandwiches, Tempo is the place to go for a yummy vegetarian (or not!) lunch. I absolutely recommend sitting in the back near the gardens if you visit! It's a nice eclectic environment.
Blueprint sandwich is AMAZING.  You can tell how much hard work goes into the food.  John, the owner, is always there, with a warm smile.  Love this place.  I usually get take out, and feel like I am opening a wonderful little present when I get back to the office.
Came here for a quick dinner one night after work.  The place itself is a cool place, though the parking was somewhat confusing.  I got a turkey sandwich that was really awesome with some great sauces, but it was really expensive for being a very nice deli sandwich.  A toasted option would have been really appreciated.  The portion was a little bit small as well, I was certainly snacking a little more later in the evening.  I'd come back, but probably only for lunch.
Healthy fresh food.  The type of food your body thanks you for after eating. The seating is a little weird but the food is well worth it. Two stars for ambiance four for the food. They have their own garden in back which is really cool.
I really like the food here, very fresh and organic. I just think it's a bit overpriced for the portion size. The place is small and gets pretty packed during lunch. Also, parking can be a nightmare. All in all, the food is good if you can overlook the other issues.
Excellent vegetarian and vegan. Meat eaters can get organic roasted chicken and bacon. Local sourced organic. Only two tables, mostly take out.
After viewing the incredibly inappropriate response from an owner to what I perceived as a constructive, thoughtful review from a fellow Yelper, I cannot help but to remove a star from my review.  It is one thing to fundamentally disagree with what you might find in a review, but that should not change the way you treat a patron.   Small businesses cannot afford to lash out against the few that do stay loyal to the higher prices and slower service of "slow food" and I am deeply disappointed to see an insulting tone taken on by the owner: someone I saw as a champion of real food in Gainesville. On a personal note, I have gone out of my way to eat at this establishment and, were I ever treated as this fellow Yelper was, I would have a hard time forgiving the inexcusable lashing out enough to return.
If you're searching for a quick and VERY healthy bite in Gainesville, then this is your place!  Just about everything they serve is locally sourced and proudly displayed on a chalkboard near the counter.   Don't miss the specials, and soups.  I had the Mafe peanut soup and it was delicious.  The cool hand cuke sandwich on sourdough was outstanding!  Full of veggies and a smidge of goat cheese, you felt full and refreshed after eating it.   The staff were nice, the food came quick, and everyone in my party left happy.  The only thing to be aware of is their limited indoor seating.   Plenty outside though.
In response to my original review, the owner of Tempo contacted me personally. He invited me to come back and give Tempo another try. I already thought the place was great but was ecstatic to see how much the owner really cared about his customers. I went back, got the same sandwich (this time with tempeh) and was really blown away. Absolutely delicious, fresh food, and now that I know there is a caring owner who is really interested in taking care of his customers, I'll definitely make the effort to go back more often (I unfortunately live on the other side of town). Tempo knows what it's doing. You MUST go!!
I love the Elvis. I love the Chocolate Elvis. I love the Pesto. I love the California Chicken. I love the Gwyn. I love that Cheerwine was available here before it was available anywhere else. I love that even though (or maybe because) I'm pregnant and crazy, anybody there will modify any menu item that I ask for, or will CREATE anything that they have the ingredients for such as a side of apples and strawberries to just have a fruit salad. The writer of the one star review is a moron. This place is amazing.
I love Tempo.  Whenever I make it back to Gainesville, it's a must stop.  Thanks guys for the service and most importantly, the unreal sandwiches.  Can't get enough.   The Piedmont and The Sadie are my favorites and their soups are always amazing.
Great small and local business that supports other local farmers and businesses. I really love the emphasis on local, fresh and seasonal ingredients. The sandwiches, salads, and soups are all very good. I recommend the California chicken sandwich, the Clifton salad and the tomato rosemary and white bean puree soup was fantastic. Prices are a little steep but considering the local and mostly organic high quality ingredients it's not hard to understand why. Some have complained of the portion size, but it is really a good human sized portion...we have become accustomed to ridiculous portions. I highly recommend this restaurant because it serves really yummy food that is good for and truly nourishes your body.
We stopped by on our way to the Florida museum of natural history. Great place for lunch. Very healthy and great local ingredients. With that said, it's a little pricey but you're paying for quality. I ordered the speciality salad- the Ellis, which had their house made tempeh in it. My husband got the farmers market sandwich. We loved the bread they used for the sandwich, hearty whole wheat but soft and chewy.
Delicious local, fresh, diverse and interesting food. Great friendly service. Lots of options for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. I love the salads and soups. I might be addicted to the cobb or whatever the soup is that day...plus soup toppings. I like to customize and personalize my food and they are so generous here to make sure you are a satisfied customer! I wish there were more locations all over town! P.S. Don't expect cheap, pre assembled fast food ... It's worth paying a tad more for quality ingredients, made to order meals and to support local growers.
Amazing! Simply put that sums it up. But here is some more... Sandwiches are served with chips. The sandwiches are works of art! Almost everything is sourced locally. I got the Gandolfini and it was stellar, one of the best corned beef sandwiches I've had. There are three tables in the back and two inside. Give it a go for a great local eatery, you won't regret it!
First visit. I was out running errands and found myself sitting at the light right in front... Decided to stop In and see... The place is small and the cashier/cook seemed a little preoccupied. I was quite surprised that he couldn't "see me standing there", given we were the only ones in there! haha. Oh well. The place prides itself on local ingredients and sustainability, so I won't be to hard on them here. I ordered a Caprese Sandwich on Rosemary Bread. It took awhile for the cashier (now cook) to make it (he was VERY laid back...) anyway, It has on it mozzarella, tomato, basil paste, calamata olives, balsalmic vinegar and olive oil. It was $7.95 and the bread was no bigger than run of the mill packaged bread. The taste was SPOT ON, but the bread was so soggy I that I couldn't eat it on the go. Unfortunately, when I got to my office, the bread was so wet I had to use a fork to eat my sandwich...NOT COOL! (Next time I'll just order the caprese salad!) But like I said, the flavor was GREAT, so if I can think of a way to eat this deliciousness without partaking in the sogginess, I will do so in the future! As I was standing there waiting for Mr. Slow Server to make my sandwich, another customer came in and waited for recognition. A surprise employee popped in from the back door (seems he was bringing in some local produce)... anyway, he gleefully welcomed us into the store and asked if we needed help. Probably an owner, given his investment you would expect him to be joyful toward customers. Anywayyyy...  He offered us samples of the daily soup. Mazo was one and Potato Leek with collards was the other... YUM! I immediately added a bowl to my order. After paying and receiving my delicious soup, Mr. Slow Chef finally finished my sandwich and forked it over in a brown paper bag. I like that... green to go options. So to summarize, service was a little shaky at points, but the food was delicious. I will definitely stop in again. I just won't get the same thing because sogginess is not something I admire in a sandwich item. :)
I had 'architech' sandwich with butternut squash soup "Hot Thai" the sandwich was pretty good, the soup lacked the heat promised by the name
Went back again for another crack at the noms... This time: The Architect. Funky sage bread with carrots and whatnot baked in... roast beef, bleu cheese and greens... divine. The loaves are phat and that makes the sammich almost more than I could finish. Win. So: Upgrading to 5 stars since absolutely every-freaking thing I've had there was delish. And the soups... the owner was talking about adding a 'flight of soups' to the menu - yeah, I'd like to see that for sure,
Finally got the chance to return here.  The store is now called "Tempo Bistro-To-Go."  The gentleman behind the counter informed that they were under new management since October, which is a win for everyone.  I'll refer to them as "Tempo" to keep down confusion (hopefully). Store vibe is different.  Before it was sorta Cuban-Carribbean.  Now it's much more locally-oriented.  Posters for the Phillips Center for Performing Arts rendition of "Tosca."  Wax, playing at 2nd Street Speakeasy.  Signage about fresh tempeh, which is an active ingredient in multiple soups and sandwiches.  Very nice.   I was in a bizarre mood yesterday when I passed through and went for the "Chocolate Elvis," a sweet n' savory mashup (nutella, bacon, bananas, and honey on multigrain).  Yum, chocolate bacon.  Something in the sandwich tasted vaguely fermented--and I couldn't tell if it was the honey, the bread, or just the combination of flavors.  That being said, I actually did enjoy it and would probably eat the original "Elvis" (peanut butter, bacon, bananas and jam) if my sweet tooth struck again around lunchtime.  The other sandwiches--BLT, Piedmont, Farmers' Market (veg), Pesto Chicken, Architect, Cool Hand Cuke (veg), California Chicken, Caribbean--all sound like they should be sampled as well.  You can pair up soup/salad, or soup/sandwich. The salads are savory and veggie-centric (no more winey fruit!) so I'll be looking to try one of those soon.  So far, I'm finding the changes to be very positive. 3.5 stars.
Same location, new management - and slightly different name - Tempo Bistro To Go. I never went to the old Bistro, but I never really heard much about it either. In all fairness, I do know the new owners, but I can honestly say that every creation I've tasted from them has been truly delicious. I also know they care where their food comes from and are constantly scouring the area for the freshest organic ingredients - which is important to me. I'm not even a vegetarian, but I love the Farmers Market sandwich (made with tempeh). You can't go wrong with any of the selections though. Give them a try!
Best sandwiches, best sourcing of ingredients, awesome backyard dining area where they grow a good portion of their produce, on-site composting partnership with Gainesville Compost, and great prices.  All around a great lunch spot and a perfect place to get a taste of north-central Florida.
Wow, the food here is just not good. It is obvious that they are really encouraging their yelp status.... I hope a lot of people don't fall for it like I did. There just is nothing special about this place, and contrary to yelp it is no where near one of Gainesville's top restaurants. I have read other bad reviews and then seen them disappear so this one probably will too. Lame.
I first heard of Bistro at the farmers market. After eating a particularly good batch of sunflower sprouts, the farmer suggested I check out the Bistro since they featured said sprouts and other local ingredients on their menu. Since then, I heard a lot of buzz over the freshness of their menu and their adaptability to a vegan diet. I had their pesto chicken sandwich which was served on Flour Pot Bakery rosemary bread (so delicious), but they offer vegan or gluten free bread alternatives. The gazpacho they were featuring was simple but the freshness of the ingredients really stood out. Honestly speaking, their BLT comes with avocado and cheddar already on it, and that just means they know what they're doing. The owners are generally the ones working. They know a lot about the food they're producing and everything seems to be put together with a lot of care. Highly recommend you give it a go!
Great little place!! Had the Gandolfini sandwich and it was very good. Check it out!!
After posting my original 3 star review in which I offered both compliments and suggestions for improvements based on my experiences here, I received the following from the business as a public Yelp "Compliment". "We've dedicated a special chalkboard for you on our featured wall Chris. There's also a post from earlier today directly responding to this review of yours on our Facebook page. You came in on our busiest day the entire summer. Your sandwich was made in a timely manner. You chose to take a grilled sandwich to go. I'm sure you've ordered french fries to go from other restaurants (after reading your other reviews) and noticed they are soggy when they get home as well.  Parking in the plaza is not an issue. The signs are simply a deterrent from Starbucks patrons that take up our quick in and out parcel spaces to park all day long. You're incorrect about that, the businesses do not fight between each other over spaces, We all support each other, even corporate Starbucks. We work way too hard at what we do to receive a review like we did from you. We are Slow Food and that is a legit movement. Educate yourself." This out of proportion response deflated any enthusiasm I have had to eat at this establishment. This is unprofessional and not the way a business should treat their customers.
Fresh is the name of the game here!!!! Such great veggie options, micro greens, tons of toppings and healthy sandwich spreads to choose from!! We had the Waldorf salad and it was amazing, as well as a BLT special sandwich called the B n' B.......whatever it was (it had strawberry jam in it), it blew me away!!!! My wife got the tempeh sandwich, and I would eat that everyday instead of meat if this place existed in Chicago! Tempo is all about freshness and TLC. Yes, it did take a little longer to wait for the food, but was so worth it in the end!!! Try this place if youre looking for the healthy alternative!!!
The sandwiches here are so good and I'm a sucker for supporting local businesses and using natural ingredients. I will be coming back to work my way through the menu! The mini cupcakes are delicious and it's $1 a piece. Just the right size and portion for me. Bonus point: This is so close to my house and the owner is really friendly and dedicated to his craft!
Service is pretty slow & atmosphere not so friendly.  Not rude, but not friendly enough for me to recommend spending your money here.  This is unfortunate because this could be such a great place if they did some fine tuning (nice side to go with your $8-9 sandwich, a complementing sauce, a smile, a pep in your step......something!)  Unfortunately, this is probably one of the few places in Gainesville in that part of town where you're not forced to eat at a chain and may be able to get locally sourced, fresh, mainly organic prepared food.  Not really sure. I went here with my sister & mom for a change from our regular asian cravings visiting from Jacksonville.  I was pretty excited to come because I read many great reviews on Yelp.  We were looking forward to the made-to-order sandwiches here and looking for something quick, healthy and flavorful. When we arrived, I looked around and wondered if we would have to take our food to go which is not what I wanted to do.  It's a pretty tight squeeze with only a few tables inside and although we were lucky to get a table, we were cramped in the corner right next to where people were in line ordering their food.   We were hungry, so we decided to give this place a try anyway.  I ordered the Farmers Market - Tempeh, swiss cheese, hummus, avocado, spinach, tomato and microgreens on multigrain. My sister ordered the Blueprint - Blue and goat cheese, Tempeh, roasted walnuts, red bell pepper ribbons, local greens and microgreens, pressed with mayo on multigrain. And my mom had the Tempeh Waldorf - Tempeh and provolone cheese, with apples, roasted walnuts and celery tossed in a vegan agave-lemon vinaigrette and seasonal lettuce, tomato and microgreens on multigrain.  All cost $7.95 each.  By far, my sister's BLUEPRINT was the best!  My Farmers Market was good, but not mind-blowing.  Mom wasn't that thrilled with hers at all.  Drinks are sold separately for $1-2 each with no cups or ice offered.  I think drinks sold in cans & bottles from a cooler is pretty lame for any establishment serving lunch unless it's a bar.....come on now? Overall, the food was simple and fresh.  Definitely have had way better for a $10 lunch, but I do like that they support local, try to serve organic and offer a nice vegan & vegetarian selection.   For a long time, this type of restaurant has been a dime a dozen in Los Angeles as well as other major cities in the country and where you will experience some of the most creative, best tasting, locally grown, organic food that you will find on this planet!  So for the price of a $10 lunch, you guys need to step up your game before people catch on that they can go to the Whole Foods deli and get just as good or better.  Just being honest.  And by the way, the Slow Food movement has NOTHING to do with slow food service, FYI...
Just went here today, and I've gotta say that this is the best sandwich I've had in awhile.  A "BAT" with applewood smoked bacon, arugula, and tomato.  Just excellent, not much else to say. I had the Mafe peanut soup as well and it was also really great.  Buttery and smooth with delicious sweet potatoes and freshly diced peanuts in it.   The staff is knowledgeable about their food, attentive, and friendly.  There is a lot of care and quality put into the sandwiches and I left feeling really good about my meal.
I hate to beat a dead horse, but the keyword for Tempo Bistro is FRESH. It's as if I hand picked the ingredients from my own backyard garden. Wait, no, it's not like that at all. I don't have a garden, and if I did, everything would have to grow from unhealthy, dog-ravaged soil. Let me try again... it's as if they have a little miniature garden hidden behind their counter, picking ingredients especially for my sandwich. That sounds better. I've only eaten sandwiches here, but I'm tempted to try the whole damn menu. I get the feeling they could make tasty the things that I normally despise, like slaw, or Sauerkraut. If they can make me like slaw, I will lobby for a 6th star on Yelp, and Tempo Bistro will be the inaugural member of the 6 star club. Well done, team.
Healthy, and very tasty! The cheese is 'real' and delicious and their sandwich menu is extensive and enticing! I would eat here daily if I was rich- it is a bit on the pricey side for me ($8 after tax I think- I feel guilty knowing that if I just made it myself at home and brought it in for lunch it would be half that in price...) but if you can afford it- go for it :) I tried the chili too which was yummy and had a hint of chocolate in it! How do cooks think of these things.. I chatted with the owner/manager and he was pleasant which is nice in today's world of walmart customer service ;) He likes Boston Terriers too and has a cut out of one on top of his fridge, which makes him a great guy in my opinion
I am very happy to report that I received a message from the owner in regards to my previous review.  He seemed very interested in remedying the situation and concerned about the level service that his employees are providing.  I will definitely give this restaurant another try and have given them an extra star because I was incredibly impressed with the way that the owner handled this particular incident.
After seeing reviews and driving by, I finally decided to stop and see what all the fuss was about.  This is located in a small strip mall where parking can be a hassle, but not too bad. You order at the register and then after you're done eating, you pay for your meal. The man working (the owner I presume), was very friendly and helpful. I got the clifton salad with tempeh and bf got the piedmont sandwhich. Both were delicious!!! They also have soups. We sampled the butternut soup and it was tasty, but I wasn't in the mood for something hot. Will definetly get it next time though! The prices are very affordable, and there's also a selection of bottled drinks, chips, and baked goodies.  There are a two tables and a bar to sit at if you decide to eat there. Great place to grab a quick, healthy lunch!
Super quality food. Fresh, healthy, tasty, and vegan friendly. Great service too. My favorite sandwich is the farmers market...no, the Sadie... No, the cool hand cuke!
I am always impressed by the quality of the food prepared by Tempo. Local, fresh, high quality ingredients. Tastes great and healthy too. I hope this lunch spot continues their great word and I will continue to go. Great for both veggies and meat eaters alike.
OMG I LOVE this place.  The soups are amazing, sandwiches and salads are delicious and the service is awesome.  You get what you pay for and they use local produce and high quality ingredients.  If you want cheap, go to Subway.   If you want awesome, healthy food  - come here.  Love you Tempo!!!
Great sandwiches!  I'm interning right across the street this summer and am anticipating many lunches from Bistro.  Most recently I visited while my parents were in town and had the Tempeh Waldorf.  It was fantastic!  Make sure to try the multigrain bread at least once in your life. Even during the summertime (when everyone leaves town), this place gets pretty busy, especially during the lunch hour.  Since there is very little seating inside, I'd recommend calling ahead and getting your order to go.
Loved this place. The menu has unique sandwiches and salads; the food is fresh and delicious. The service was great. The guys working there were very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be coming back!
Under new ownership, and Wow, what a difference. Great fresh veggies, bread, etc, really very very nice.  All of us here at Scissors were very pleased with our meals!
I was not very impressed with Tempo Bistro To Go.  My girlfriend and I ordered some sandwiches, and thought they were okay, but considering the price, we expected them to be better.  The breads that they use were a little disappointing, tasted like packaged breads that you would get at the supermarket.  They get an additional star (3) for the organic focus and support of local farmers, etc., but I would probably not eat here again.
can't say enough about the flavors and quality of everything here. Staff is helpful for choosing as well, good vegetarian options. wish I could get here more often.
Awesome and fresh salads!
Amazing vegan sandwich Jazzanova. Vegan brownie and local lemonade. Friendly service. Just the thing.
Temp Bistro is the embodiment of the local-vore movement, and delicious to boot. The menu has lots of surprises and no disappointments!
We had a delicious lunch at the Tempo Bistro To Go.  The  Tomato-Rosemarie Soup garnished with mini fried onion rings was yummy.  The Asian Salad with almonds, chicken, carambola, baby greens and a wonderful ginger dressing was spectacular.  Interesting beverage choices. The service was fast and the servers were very courteous.  Overall an excellent experience!  I would definitely go back.
Their vegetarian sandwiches were the best. We had the 'Tempeh Waldorf' and the 'Farmers Market'. They were fresh and tasty. It will become a regular place for us for sure.
The food here is very fresh and delicious.  Best salads in town.  The staff are knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly.  It's evident that everyone who works here loves good food and cares about the quality of the food they serve.
Great sandwiches.  I love the Piedmont (turkey, apples, goat cheese, spinach, etc) and my girlfriend loves the Farmer's Market (tempeh, havarti, etc).  We've been there several times and they're always great.  They also have some tasty pastries that I think come from a bakery in town.  Definitely recommend this for a quick lunch!
Great local shop, and any time I'm down 13th I stop in for the Tempo. The sandwiches are always made with care (so give yourself a few extra minutes) and all of the ingredients are top notch. It's great this type of place is in town.
This restaurant is absolutely wonderful! It is so cute and has awesome all local food, which now days is pretty hard to find in restaurants. When I went a couple weeks ago with a girlfriend and got, "The Elvis". Let me just tell you it was delicious. At first I was quite hesitant because it looked like an overall sweet sandwich, but then came so savoryness, the BACON! The sandwich consists of: blueberry or strawberry jelly (I got the blueberry jam), chunky peanut butter, bacon, and bananas. I know it doesn't sound that good, but PLEASE branch out of the "norm" and try it because you WILL NOT be disappointed! The new owners are very personable and give their honest recommendations. Also they have CHEERWINE! I love Cheerwine and it is really hard to find so that is a major bonus!
This place's food is some of the most amazing I've ever had! SO good! SO healthy! And SO local. I'd recommend this to anyone. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Can't wait to go back again and again! :)
Ordered the Gandolfini, and it was great. Perfectly balanced. Went around 11:15 AM and received my sandwich very quickly. They had two people working and someone whom I believe was the manager, so wait time was nonexistent. Reasonably priced and fresh. I would go back.
I'm always excited about a new place in town, if only to write it off my list immediately. When I saw this recently opened little sandwich/salad shop on 13th, I was optimistic. Their menu looked solid and they featured vegetarian and non-veg items. We finally got the chance to eat here the other day and I'm proud to report it was pretty good! I ordered the tempeh waldorf sandwich, which had marinated tempeh, apples, grapes, celery and almonds mixed together in a Dijon mayonnaise and served on a baguette with lettuce and tomato. It was pretty darn good. It wasn't knock you off your feet good, but it was definitely tasty and had nothing to complain about. The bread was of a respectable quality and the tempeh mixture was fresh and tasty. They also have a pretty solid build your own salad option with over a dozen choices of ingredients. The place is really a take out establishment (thus the "to go" portion of their name), but they do have a few stools and small tables if you want to eat in (it only would work for a party of 2 at most). When we walked in, the place smelled very strongly of smoke, as in something was recently burning. I'm hoping this was just a temporary malady, as it was quite noxious. Also a big downside is that every meal is served in Styrofoam containers. Otherwise, it's a really decent quick lunch spot that serves some different choices. I'll definitely check it out again.
Amazing food and super nice service!! VEGAN FRIENDLY! Cool Cumber Cuke has been my go to sandwich for a while now. It's always fresh and amazing. Not many places around town has things like tofutti and veganaise on hand. It's nice to know that a small cafe will stock items that they have to pay retail for, just to please their customers. Soups are homemade and so tasty! They have different topping options for the soups. Pumpkin seeds are my favorite. New owners seem to really care about the customers.
Delightful and fresh! Went with a friend and got the Architect with sundried tomato pesto and watched the owner make my sandwich with all kinds of love and tenderness while talking to him about the importance of bacon. Definitely coming back and daring to try the chocolate elvis.
The quality of ingredients, Llcally sourced ingredients and products, variety of soups, salads and sandwiches, and attentive and welcoming service make this a  top notch selecton for to-go meals. Also pleased to see the use or real plates and flatware for in-house dining. The to go packaging used no styrofoam. Congrats and keep it up!
These gourmet healthy sandwiches and salads are gracefully prepared. I was very skeptical going in but the owner/manager was welcoming, friendly, and very knowlegable. He uses organic ingredients and incorporates micro greens in his creative sandwiches/salads, they're put together like a piece of art! Don't forge to try the soup, these are the best! There are a few seats if you wanna stay and eat too.
Hand's down best place for a quick lunch in my neighborhood. Tasty, generous salads & salads with home-made dressings and breads, very local and very fresh.
Healthy options for vegetarians and meat eaters.  I enjoyed the salad with homemade vinaigrette dressing and the greens soup over brown rice.  Many sandwiches have flare to them, but you can always taper it down to an old school style sandwich for simpler palates.  The service here was outstanding...I was offered a sample of both soups to help me determine which one I wanted.  Food was served pretty quickly too.  I'll definitely be back to the bistro!
This place is amazing! The owners seem to delight in combining fresh, unique and delicious ingredients in to great sandwiches and soups. I get excited just thinking about their sandwiches.
The food is delicious and fresh. I appreciate the whole local and organic culture (i am trying hard to make the switch)!  However, i must agree with a lot of the other reviews the employees are snail slow. Not going to lie it is a little obnoxious. It's almost like you are inconveniencing them (annoying). I would go back for the food !
Amazing fresh food! I had half of a farmers market and a small homemade corn chowder soup made with coconut milk. It was a great experience, ingredients are fresh and the staff is very friendly. Everyone should try this place!
The best sandwiches I've ever eaten come from this place. The menu is creative (collards on a sandwich?? sign me up!), many of the ingredients are local, and the taste is spot-on. I love this place. The ambiance isn't much, and there's not a lot of room to sit. But, hey, the food makes it work it. My only gripe is the speed. Don't let the "To Go" part of the name suggest this is an in-and-out place. As some other reviewers have noted, the sandwich artists (seems appropriate after you see the care with which they make their masterpieces) are not focused on turning around orders. However, they ARE extremely polite and helpful with suggestions. They always ask how the meal is, and they're quick to offer samples of various things (esp. soups). These peeps are nice. Nevertheless, a little sense of urgency wouldn't hurt for a place that likely makes most of its money off of people on their lunch hour.
One of the best places to eat in Gainesville. If you are looking for fresh and local sandwiches, this is the place. I always get the B.A.T when I go here. Always a good pick. I came here at least once a week. Its that good!!!
What a find!  We were at UF animal hospital and looking for place for lunch and we called the Bistro to see about bringing our dogs.  They were great and said the courtyard was available for us. The soups were incredible-cauliflower, potatoe with lime zest and an Aztec chili. Yum!  My husband had a farmers market sandwich he loved.  I had the caprese salad - love the fresh tomatoes and greens.  We will be back!
As I read these reviews I am baffled as to how in the heck anyone could have anything but great things to say about Tempo Bistro!  I eat there at least 4 times a week and LOVE IT.  I've had several of their sandwiches and soups but I am stuck on the Architect Sandwich.  I think it actually gets better each time I eat it!  In fact, as I type this I still have the faint taste of the one that I ate about 45 minutes ago....mmmmm, so good.  But there are other restaurants in town with food that "taste" good too, so why do I insist upon going to Tempo Bistro so much?  Glad you asked!  Because I care about what I put into my body!  Every Wednesday at the downtown farmer's market I see the owner of Tempo Bistro purchasing fresh, local ingredients to use in his sandwiches and soups and that makes me happy - happy to support local farmers, happy to support local business owners and happy to support my own health and well being. The next time you find yourself pondering the lunch dilemma, give Tempo Bistro a shot.  You'll love it.   ...and by the way, if you do have any issues with your experience at Tempo Bistro or any other business, speak to the owner and allow him or her to make it right before coming to a place like this to complain.
After going to Starbucks a countless number of times to study, I figured I'd give it a try.  If I'm going to pay for food, I try to eat local and organic whenever I can. The inside is very cute, small and quaint.  The man (perhaps the owner) was very attentive and polite.  My sandwich (CA chicken) was fresh, light and delicious with lots of fresh greens. The bread was from Flour Pot, which is one of my favs. I waited a bit longer for my food during the lunch time rush, but if it's local, organic and fresh, I don't mind at all.  The prices were a bit higher for what you get, although it is expected in a local place like this (free chips or side salad would be nice).  Although it was a bit smoky, the food was delicious and much better than an overpriced, mediocre, prepared sandwich at Starbucks.
Absolute best sandwiches in town!!!  Being a veg, the tempeh & sauerkraut Sadie is a personal favorite, but I've even cheated with the carnal offerings on occasion.  Pair it with one of the soups (which give the sandwiches a run for the money) and you've got a very hearty lunch offering.  If salad is your thing, try the Gainesville Green with the cumin dressing - one of the more unique offerings among many. Love that they use local ingredients, and compost their scraps, both big pluses in my book.  I hit them up at least once a week, and never a bad meal.
