Great little sandwich place with a small bar in the back. Definitely get your money's worth. Cash only though.
Fantastic hero's!!! Only giving it 4 stars because I didn't have a chance to try the bar side.
The subs are very tasty and filling. You can order them cold or hot (pressed). I'd recommend either. A medium is bigger than most sandwiches at other restaurants. The reason for the middle of the road rating is the limited seating available during lunch hours and the difficulty I experienced trying to place a phone order. I think the issue is that there are not many other great lunch spots in the area so this one tends to fill up and stay full. I tried to call ahead to order four subs and was put on hold for five minutes. When I called back I was placed on hold again, and then disconnected on the third try. Eventually I got through to place the order and the four of us still waited a few minutes for our subs to be made. Not ideal if you're on a tight lunch schedule. Luckily for us a table opened up and my group could eat together. Otherwise we were going to have to take our subs to go. Parking is plentiful, however. And even found a dollar off coupon online which made the food taste that much better. I've dined there twice while in Gainesville and will probably be venturing somewhere else in the future. Glad to have had the experience just the same.
Delicous subs. Affordable and filling. Wayyy better than subway, hitchcocks, and jersey mikes.
I dare you to finish their 12" sandwhiches. This place is where you go to fill up and leave satisfied. Great staff, excellent food, wifi, and tv! What more could you possibly need? On one hand it's just a sandwhich shop, but it's so much more - it's an oasis to sit back and relax and enjoy the coldest cheapest beer you'll find possibly in the country. Quality ingredients, fresh, handmade and fast. You could go to Subway, but if you did, you would regret it for the rest of your life. Cash only, no frills, amazing happy hour. Come to Hogan's, it's just the right thing to do.
Wow! This long, deep, narrow hole in the wall dive needs no hype from me. Its unpretentious atmosphere is a "favorite neighborhood bar" variety. The subs are world class and fully packed. Order 1 size smaller than you would anywhere else. You won't leave hungry. Tack on a $2 Amber Bock draft in a frosty mug and find gastronomic contentment that doesn't empty your wallet. Highly recommended.
Have been here several times. It is your average sub shop that gets the job done. The positives about this place are the cheap prices, and large sandwiches. The negatives are the atmosphere of the place (you definitely don't go here for the atmosphere), the quality is lacking somewhat, and the service is average. I would recommend this place only if you are feeling a sub and don't want Publix subs. Food 5/10 Service 5/10 Pricing 10/10 Atmosphere 2/10
Nothing for me as a veggie gluten free but my carnivore all American hubby loved the $4 special huge BBQ sub with potato salad AND drink included. YEP, $4 bucks. Cash only, has ATM in premises for lazy patrons like us. Bank of America a block away. Plenty of parking in this old strip mall.
Between this location, their old millhopper location, and the newer 34th st location, this location has been my favorite to visit. This is probably due to nostalgia more than anything. I've been coming to this location since my folks ate here when I was a kid. For a deli sub, the quality and value can't be outdone by other sub shops in Gainesville. As you might have already read this is a cash only business, but they do have an ATM now. I do wish they'd take credit cards, but that's not going to stop me from eating here. I've had almost nothing but good interactions with their staff, sans that one time they gave me an insultingly skimpy sub when I mentioned that my wife and I were going to split it that day. It might just be me, but I do find the staff at their 34th st location a little more outgoing, but overall there is nothing wrong with the service they provide here. The subs and melted cheese sandwiches taste very fresh. The bread could use a little more flavor, but with all the stuff packed inside the sub, the bread is just a small piece of the pie. Aside from the quality of the subs, they also knock it out of the park with quantity. You will not leave here hungry. If you've never been here and usually get a footlong at subway, I doubt you'll even be able to finish a 6" Hogan's sub. I sure can't. As an aside, I wish they'd get their Metal Slug arcade unit back in here. It fit very well with the theme of the place and is a damn fine game.
Hogan's is the best spot for subs in Gainesville. They only accept cash or local checks, but this helps keep their prices low. I can get a nicely sized turkey sub for under $6; I can't think of any other place with those kinds of prices. Plus, they REALLY pile on the toppings. Sometimes, it is almost too much meat and I have to take some off. If you're a guy with a big appetite, you will be very pleased with the pounds of protein you get for the price. Be sure to get your sub pressed for extra deliciousness!
Little bar in a shopping center... Perfect place to stop for lunch. I got the #1 with most the toppings, hitpressed.  De-lish!  Good prices.  The sandwiches are loaded with meat!  My hubby and I loved it!
Great college sandwich shop and bar. The Cuban sandwich was awesome. The wait staff was great and the atmosphere is old college, really took us back! They have tons of sandwiches and great quality food.
Ha not to join the crowd on blind abandon, but this place gets 5 stars from me because it is definitely the best sub shop in the Gainesville area. Let me preface by saying I love subs.  It is my favorite food and I could live my entire life eating nothing but different subs.  So I have pretty high expectations of sub shacks.  Walking in the decor is a cross between a new york deli and a dive bar, which makes me happy because I love both of those atmospheres.  Be warned it is cash only, and I had to run next door to Albertsons to buy some cilantro and get cash back from my .75 cent charge. I got the italian sub, 12 inch.  No chips because sadly they only have those tiny fun pack sizes for a dollar, and its all typical corporate Lays and Doritos crap.  While my lack of quality chips may have tempted me to dock some points (as it has before) I saw my sandwich being made from a huge 20-something inch loaf of bread which the man just sort of eyeballed the 12 inches from.  It was more like 14 or 15inches.  For $6.50. Awesome. No subway "8 slices of meat, 4 slices of cheese" crap here.  If I had to guess I would say 10 slices of each of the italian meats and almost 1/4th of a pound of cheese.  With all the typical sub toppings, this thing was a goliath.  The bread was crusty but yielding.  The meat fresh and plentiful.  The toppings fresh and the perfect compliment.  For about 7 dollars.  I felt slightly embarrassed for all other sub shops. I finished half my sub (about 8 inches) and took the other half home for a snack.  I've been back a few times since and have yet to be unimpressed.  There is also a bar in which I was able to get a pint of Newcastle draft for 3 bucks!  Ale House charged me 7 dollars for the same thing.  No wonder every time I go in there is a crowded bar. All in all I will say that this is the sub mecca of Gainesville.
They have an ATM now! This is big news, right? There was a line for it, and it sets up the inevitable showdown between Hogan's and Satchel's for busiest ATM in town. I know Satchel's uses the "ATM fee goes to charity" line for not accepting plastic, but I don't know what Hogan's excuse is. It's just hard to get excited for this kind of excruciating crawl into the modern age of technology. Anyway, at least it's there if you need it. The food is just as good and pretty much the same as the 34th St location. I like the atmosphere here a little better and it's very obvious that it's the original location. I might be the first one to mention this, but one of the guys that makes the sandwiches at this location is nowhere near as friendly as everyone else. I don't know if I would go so far as to say rude, but I have definitely heard a few of his snide remarks to employees and customers alike. I would have a hard time being in a bad mood if I worked here considering the laid back atmosphere and awesome soundtrack in the background, but apparently this guy doesn't find it that difficult. Anyway... at the end of the day, any gripe I mention here is really just being petty and trying to drag out the review for more than a few sentences. I always look forward to Hogan's and they would pretty much have to do a 180 for that to change.
Delicious, huge sandwiches and subs.  So huge, in fact, that I can't eat more than half of one at any given time.  So much meat!  So much greenery!  So much yumminess! My favorite item, though, is the tomato crown: a tomato sliced into eighths, topped with a hearty scoop of egg, chicken, or tuna salad, accompanied with a pre-sliced hardboiled egg, a small side of cottage cheese, lettuce and pickles.  Less than $5.50, too!   If you smoke, there is outdoor seating in the back of the store to accomodate you.  There's also a hopping bar, but I never get to go over there because I only visit during lunch :( Cash or checks only, so don't bring your card unless you enjoy getting the evil eye.
I grew up in Gainesville, so I was dragged here about once a week to gag on their dry bread .  My Father loved this place, and I guess I can understand why.  It looks like a bar, smells like a bar, and has a laid back atmosphere that you can sit in for hours to watch TV and talk with friends.  I remember the lights being more dim than in the photos on their website and they were always playing some Southern Rock Anthems from the dirt rock radio station.   The food is mediocre, but I guess you are a deli type person, you might like it.  It drives me insane when a sub shop cut the bread like a hot dog bun for you to wrangle the fillings into submission: hogans83.com/restaurant/… How are you supposed to eat that sandwich? It is extremely difficult to eat for anyone that does not want mayo dripping from her elbows.  The meats and fillings taste bland, unfresh, and just bleh.  This place must just be for men, because I don't see it as anything other than a sports bar with sports bar bland food.  I will be greatful if I never have to come here again in my lifetime.
8" Ham, Capicola, Salami and Muenster (subbed for Provolone) with everything. The bread is different than I remember it.  The crumb has a more flavorful, dense and high gluten snappiness.  It has a distinct, slightly caramelized (and scored) crust.   Was it because I previously ordered a different size?   Did they change purveyors? It doesn't matter; as far as sub rolls go they've nailed it! When we get to the meats, however, the festivities end.  My previous statement regarding this point may have been a harsh exaggeration. My current assessment is: passable;  however-- when you take into account that my sandwich was 5 bucks (and change) it's a wonder the meats are as good as they are. Hogan's has gone from a place where I'd shudder at its very mention to on my short list for lunch.
Best sub shop in Gainesville hands down. Don't know what else to say. Sure anyone can slap some meat between two slices of bread but nobody in town does it like Hogan's. Cash only. Annoying, but whatever.
I consider myself somewhat of a sandwich connoisseur, so of course I was curious about this place. The venue itself looks and feels like a dive, but the food is absolutely delicious! The last time I went I ordered a BLT, definitely recommend!
I lived in Gainesville for only three months and the majority of the time I would go out to eat after work I ended up at Hogan's. The sandwiches are great the #8 is my favorite but I also liked the quesadilla, Cuban, and BBQ sandwich. The beer selection is great also and you get a lot of beer at a low price. They don't take credit cards and they don't run tabs but for less than $15 you can eat and drink. I don't think I have ever spent more than $20 including a tip.
Holy moley. GIGANTIC subs. I got the #1 combination meats sub, pressed. I took it home and ate half. I am stuffed. Template: Order at the counter, wait for sub. Fresh whole wheat roll (huge) plus proscuittini, ham, cappacola and another meat (I forget) plus various fixins'  and you have a sub of epic proportions. The line just after I got there was literally out the door. The front half is deli, the back half of the place is something called the Bombshelter - beer, darts, TVs, sort of a sports bar atmosphere. The place seems like what Beef O'Brady's truly wants to be, but lost as it became a chain. Win. Oh yes, big win. OH: CASH ONLY
A few people had mentioned this place to me, but I was satisfied with Publix's subs the few times I wanted a big sandwich.  Then I delivered some tomatoes to the SW 34th St and the 13th St locations (just once, when a friend with a farm had nobody else to help).  I was impressed by how clean everything was in the back, and I liked the layout, having a comfortable bar tucked in the back, and a family style eat-in area up front.  So, I thought I'd come back soon and give it a try. My wife and I love the place; we keep coming back to the 13th St location because it is close to home.  The first time we ordered a big Italian style sub on cold white bread, and while we could see that the meat and toppings were top notch, the bread was not impressive at all.  But we liked the very friendly service, the great selection of reasonably priced draught and bottled beers, the music, and the other customers, so we wanted to go back.  The second time, my wife ordered a turkey/provolone/bacon sub on hot-pressed whole wheat.  WOW.  Now we are becoming regulars. They will cut the sub any way you like, and they pack up the leftovers in thick, white butcher paper and paper bags.  If two people order a single 12" sub, the bartender brings it out in two baskets without being told, with both halves cut in half again.  Little touches like this show that Hogan's wants to make a good impression on the customers. The cole slaw is quite good. I love Guinness beer, and at Hogan's, maybe because they serve so much of it, the Guinness on tap is noticeably fresher than at some of the bigger places in town, such as the Ale House (which does have some great burgers and fish and chips).  The price is better too!  But Hogan's also seems like a cool place to sample other beers, domestic and draught.  A friend from Switzerland is coming to town and we plan to bring him there on Tuesday night for the German Beer night. Besides the great food, Hogan's is a place to come to in Gainesville if you are tired of the uptight, bland big chain bars or student zoos downtown.  In the evenings, you will find it hard to get a seat at the bar sometimes, but there are benches with tables right next to the bar, where you can sit and still feel like you are part of the action.  Overflow customers can sit in the family area. All in all, Gainesville is lucky to have a place with character, great service, and good value.  Cheers!
Oh My GOD... Does Hogan's know how to make a great sandwich.  Cold sandwich, hot sandwich.. any which way you want it.. it was always huge and always off the hook. a great cure for that wicked hangover... serve 'em up.. baby!
This was my first time here and had awesome service. The employees were helpful and polite. They also have a bar which looked full of regulars but the atmosphere was really nice and calm. They had posters from ads of the 40's which I enjoyed. One of the best sub shops I've been too and I plan on returning.
Great beer specials and really good food. My family and I have eaten at this place for years. Cash only though! Bring the bills.
CASH ONLY. #6 became my favorite due to a big Hogan's fan friend. The subs are awesome. The 8 inch here used to be so big and meaty that I could barely finish. It's still pretty big, but I think it's time to upgrade my size to 12 inch; it's either my stomach getting used to Hogans, or the other way, but who cares, it's great food.
This place rocks.  Their BBQ special is something truly special.  You get an 8 inch sub with delicious bread topped with all sorts of peppers, onions, several different types of lunch meats all with bbq sauce and capped off by some cheese.  8 dollar sandwich right?  No, hell no.  4.60... What?!?!  And you get a side and a drink as well.   I would highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone trying to eat a great sandwich in Gville.
MY FAVORITE SUB PLACE IN GAINESVILLE. I usually get the #1 but every sandwich look so good. Sit in the back and have a beer at the bar. It is always cold and delicious. It is ok to have a beer at 11am while at Hogans. The macaroni salad is also really good not sure how they make it. It is cash only.
We were just passing through Gainsville, around 10:00 pm, and stopped to get a pizza for the kids. Right next store was Hogan's subs. It looked like a dive, which attracted me to it. When  I saw how fresh the meat looked and how thick they piled it on, I knew I was in sub heaven. I recommend it highly.
Huge sandwiches at great prices.  The options are seemingly limitless.  I highly recommend anything with Italian meats on it.  I love the number 1 which comes with Proscuitto, Capicolli, Ham, Provolone, and whatever you want on it.  The bread is really amazing.  I also suggest getting it hot if you're getting Italian meats and to add some mayo if you like it.  It was huge and mouth-watering.  I've been looking in Orlando for a quality sub like this and never found it.  I have my quality sub shop at home in Miami but I'm always in Central Fla and can't get a good sub anywhere.  The point of this is that Hogan's should open an Orlando location for me.  'They are open to midnight most nights and have a bar section.  The restaurant is decorated with weaponry and amusing ads for Guiness.   CASH ONLY.
Love the subs here and they are a great price. Everything I have ever had here has been fresh as can be.  I  am with Dan B. on the #1.  Unless you are really a big eater I would recommend  you get the 6 inch size or get a bigger one a take some home.
A lot of food at a great prize CHECK!  Great food at an awesome price not so much... If you are look for a place to carb/protein load this is the best place in town, no hands down.  The subs are huge for the price, but they lack flavor.  I don't mean to tear apart "hometown" Hogan's because for a "guy" just looking for a meaty sandwich at a great price this is the best place across the southeast I have ever been to.  But their bread and meats lack the flavor of most popular franchises.  Main point: if you want to sacrifice quality over quantity Hogan's is the best place I have ever been to/
Delicious roast beef sandwiches and decent prices. My friend enjoyed her potato salad and pastrami and corned beef sandwich. Can't say I'm a fan of the cash-only system when we're in a 21st century college town. Shops down the street are now letting you pay even off of your smartphone. I went when the ATM was out of service, which may have been a rare occurrence, but put me off as a first-time customer. At least I had time to go to Wells Fargo and back.
Wow. I can't imagine getting a better Italian sub. There were a ton of cops there, so I suspected it might be good.
Best Subs in town by far. #1 Hot pressed please! Also great selection of beer and has 2 restaraunts. WARNING: CASH ONLY....but its worth the head ache
LOVE! Their sandwiches are always delicious and not half assed like their chain restaurant counter parts. Cheap for all the food you get and their salads aren't half bad either! I had hogan's for dinner last night and I already can't wait to eat there again!
I crave a Hogan's sub weekly and indulge on it about every other week. Had the reuben with coleslaw (best coleslaw ever) a couple of weeks ago and thought I had died and gone to heaven. The one on NW 13th St next to Albertsons is my favorite in terms of atmosphere and people. I don't think the one on SW 34th St in the Publix plaza has outdoor seating. There's no place in town that can beat their subs, I guarantee it.
A real, no B.S. deli. Great sandwiches the way you want it, with quality ingredients. Plus, I think they're Dr. Pepper tastes better than most places.
Yum!  I haven't yelped in months, but had to log on to give this place it's due.  So good!  I'd always avoided this place because a sub shop in an Albertson's plaza held such little appeal to me, but when a friend in Australia mentioned that this was one of the main things he missed about Gainesville, I thought I'd give it a shot...  We went in on a weekend after being denied entry to the Beer Festival (thanks a lot, Ayler) and sampled a number of drafts (great selection) and two hot-pressed sandwiches.  Everything about the sub was scrumptious - the bread, the meat (so lots!), the toppings, the garnish...  There is even outdoor seating!
I stumbled onto this sandwich place on Yelp, and who would have thought that it is literally ACROSS THE STREET from me.  I have been looking for a decent sub since I've moved to Gainesville 6 months ago, and Hogan's has been staring me right in the face everyday! I went in tonight and ordered a #1(A 5 meat Italian) sandwich and brought it home, and wow!  This sub was delicious!  Quality meat, bread, cheese and veggies!  The other sub places in town(Jimmy Johns and Larry's) are OK, but this place is just much better. For any of you South Florida people who know of LaSpada's, this will make you feel right at home!  I need to come back and have a few beers in the "Bomb Shelter", which is their tiny bar in the back with a huge beer selection...
I LOVE Hogans! The meats & cheeses are always fresh and perfectly sliced, not like other places that skimp in the M&C department, and then piles on the vegetables to make it seem like you're getting a sandwich. The bread holds the meat and doesn't fall apart; daily fresh. Get it toasted--ALWAYS toasted; that just brings it all together. Their greek salad needs work; it's not so much a greek salad as it is a "green salad" with fetta cheese, and kalamata olives. (also, remember to ask for dressing--it didn't come with mine.) Great service, easy atmosphere. A place to take a break and eat a good meal.
Huge subs on really good bread, all you need is a 6 inch unless you want leftovers. Im a huge fan of the # 1 pressed. The beer is good also, you can get a schooner ( half pitcher)  of guiness for 4 dollars. I always leave happy and full for under 20 bucks.
From the outside, I thought I was walking into a dive bar, but this place also serves first class sandwiches. I was impressed by the number of options and the pricing. I had the turkey, ham and provolone served hot off the sandwich press. It was great. The whole wheat bread didn't overwhelm the sandwich and the toppings were very fresh. I will certainly visit again, trying the Cuban sandwich next time. I also tried the potato salad which was a little dry for my taste, but seasoned well with green onions and little slivers of egg white. I'd suggest this place over a Subway or Quiznos most days.
Hogans has been a long time landing spot for those who like a GREAT sandwich or sub. I usually get the Cuban, but its all good! The bread , meat, toppings are always fresh.They also have one of the largest selections of beer in town. The bar area is the place to sit- the girls are beautiful and very good at what they do! Good value for your hard earned dollar. I've been comming here for over 20 years and only 1 bad experience. The one bad experience was just a screwed up order, no big deal.
Definitely for the price you pay, Hogan's has awesome sandwiches!! I like to get the roast beef, turkey, and provolone sandwich. I get an 8 inch, which usually gets me pretty full. The sandwich has at least 2 inches of meat stuffed into every bite, and the bread is crispy and delicious. If you can go with a friend and bring your Gator greenbacks coupon for a buy one sub, get one free! Usually 1 sub is around $6, but with a coupon.. It's $3 for each sub! Great deal in my opinion!!
Why is there not more reviews for this place.  Is awesome.  It is a country bar that serves great sandwiches.  WOW WOW!!!!
Definitely the best subs in Gainesville.  Large meaty subs with many available condiments and over 30 different sandwich choices.  Several choices of salads as well.   A good place to watch the game as well with a decent beer selection on tap. Cash only.
Very good sandwiches. A small place that doesn't look like much from the outside but the sandwiches are very good. You can order at the counter in the front or go to the back bar area and order there. Get your sandwich hot pressed! You'll be glad you did.
This place is seriously good. If you go at lunch the line can sometimes be out the door. A huge menu of sandwiches and portions are much tastier and better than other sandwich places in town.
Best subs in Gainesville thanks to generous fillings and awesome sweet peppers. They serve 'em warm or cold, wrapped in paper like a real sub should be. Bring cash to pay - they don't take credit.
Best subs in Gainesville.  Very good quality to cost ratio.  Make sure to bring cash as that's all they accept.  I feel there are always the same 50 year old ACRs at the bar adjacent to it but hey that's cool.  But yeah, best subs in Gainesville, 'nuff said.
I finally made it to the original location and can honestly say I was not disappointed.  The sandwiches are just as good and seem bigger than the 34th street location.  I love the open feel compared to 34th street.  I got the number 3 again and it is the best sandwich in Gainesville.  This place is cheap and awesome so come for a sandwich and say for the beer.  If you have been to the other location make sure to stop by this one.
Best subs in Gainesville I have to come every time I'm in town :) everything is fresh down to the service!
Hogan's is a great example of why businesses with a strong customer service base excel. Everyone I have encountered here was friendly and helpful. The food is of great quality and the portions are massive for what you pay. They get super busy around noon (obviously) so if you're on work lunch I'd advise to call ahead or try to go at a slightly different time. The only issue I have with them is that they don't take cards... This causes some problems sometimes but I know they are just trying to avoid the fees. Either way, it is well worth a special trip to an ATM to eat here.
I really don't understand the strong reviews for this place. I've carried out sandwiches from here a couple times and never been overly impressed. The food is fine, but I'd just as soon have Subway, Publix, Larry's or (best of all) Jimmy John's.
The absolute best sandwiches I've ever had.  Get it pressed.  And the 12" is huge. Be sure to bring cash, no CC, and service can be a little slow at times, but its WELL worth it.
Good?  Yeah, I guess so.  Friendly?  You bet. Great?  I can't say great from my visit.  I had a ruben.  The cheese wasn't melted through, the bread was toasted, but not grilled, and the meat was less flavorful and sliced a little thicker than I'd hoped and expected. My wife had a bologna sub.  She didn't complain, but said mentioned that it didn't have much flavor, either. The people working there were friendly and engaging.  The atmosphere was ok.
We come on Fridays for a late dinner & beers-- the sandwiches are great & the beer is cheap. What more is there to love?
Sandwiches are very good, however, pressed sandwiches have a tendency to cut the roof of your mouth. It is quite good so you don't notice till your done, but i don't think i'll make a habit of going here.
This review is only for the food that I received. I ordered a reuben on rye bred. Bread was soggy and paper thin as a result. It has to be crunchy and hold up against the sauce and kraut! I hate to say it, but probably my least favorite rendition of the reuben I've ever had. I don't doubt that this place does most things right, but that sandwich did not hit the spot.
Hogan's is about as old-school ACR as you can get.  I've been going to Hogan's for years and am one of their biggest fans.  The beer selection is the best, especially considering they actually clean their taps (unlike quite a few places in town).   They really deliver on the sandwiches.  They have absolutely the freshest meat selection you can get.  The service is fast and really friendly.  I honestly thought twice about yelping about this place, as I'd rather keep the riff-raff out.  Bring cash and tip well.
I don't get the hype.  I came here fully expecting to have the most delictable sandwich experience ever and I was severely underwhelmed.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing, but I've had better sandwiches at other places in Gainesville.
I like the atmosphere with the whole laid-back, hasn't changed since the 1980s, feel to it and the Southern rock classics on the stereo, regulars with their draft beers in hand standing around talking. The subs are certainly as good as any others I've ever had in Gainesville, but not as exceptional as I expected given how people talk them up. The service though is very prompt: especially if they're not too busy with orders in front of yours, you won't wait long to get your sub, which is certainly a plus. I will come back and try more menu items, maybe the antipasto salad, before I can offer a full opinion, but for now know that Hogan's is a good place to get a decent sandwich and have a few beers. I do wish they took credit cards though: they're a cash-only operation which kind of sucks because I--and most people I know--don't really carry cash anymore so you have to make a point of withdrawing cash before you venture over to Hogan's. For a good sub though, it may just be worth the bother.
As a junk food addict, I am attracted to places like this like a moth to a flame. Sandwiches are full of meat and cheese.  Subs are huge, like a bread version of a ballistic missile sub--or boomer sub to the military fan boys.  You can get sandwiches too.  Hogans 's is a great sub shop, but be sure to come hungry.
The name is no lie.  This place makes a great sandwich.  It also doubles as a hole in the wall bar filled with Gainesville locals and great drink specials.  The Reuben is boss and a great value at $5.  Where else can you get drunk and eat a sandwich to help with the hangover all in the same place?
Old school deli cooler up front and mellow bar with darts in back. Had the #7 Ham, turkey and provolone. Hot pressed with everything. Loved it! The sweet and banana pepers make the sub. I would come back for sure.
Honestly probably the best sandwich shop Ive ever been to. Prices are fair and the subs are so loaded I can make two meals out of an 8", whereas sometimes a footlong from Subway leaves me feeling like I got Munson'd (Kingpin anybody?...no?...really?...then go watch it now) They have a nice little sports bar tucked in the back as well. The food is is so good that normally even if they made me sit on the floor to eat and the staff was smoking meth out back, Id probably still give it 5 stars. However the fact that they only take cash just floors me. Seriously? What year is this? Will they trade food for beaver pelts? Fortunately I needed to buy rawhide bones for my dog at Publix anyway so I just left, got the bones and cash back, and returned to get my food...But really guys??  If I want to place an order ahead of time do I need to send them a telegram? I can garauntee that the costs they save from having to pay for internet and fees to process cards are less than the money they lose from people like me who love the food but wont stop by unless I happen to have cash or need rawhide bones for my dog. The subs are amazing though...just bring cash. If I were a stripper Id probably eat here every day after work.
Tasty subs. You definitely get what you pay for!
my favorite shitty bar in gainesville.  it is always freezing cold inside, pitchers are awesomely cheap (even guiness), they have photo hunt, awesome subs, a huge selection of bottled beers, a back patio, and diagrams of fighter jets and other military memorabilia all over the walls... what more could i ever need?
