This place is amazing! Came into town to visit my cousin and we were talking about pizza and he mentioned Satchel's and how it's the most amazing pizza and I got to say that he wasn't kidding! We got the regular pizza, not the deep dish, and it was so good. The crust is probably the best I've had, just the right amount of fluffiness with crispiness. I even had the  honor of meeting the great Satchel! What a stand up guy! There isn't a single bad thing I can say about this place. The staff are unbelievably hospitable and kind. Great service with great food will always provide for a great outing. Thanks for the cookies, Satchel!
Satchel's is a Gainesville legend. Everyone know the place. The pizza is awesome--thick, buttery crust, fresh vegetables, and perfectly cooked pizza. I also recommend their salad. The atmosphere is fantastic. There is an old VW bus in the front (which you can sit in, but I don't recommend it because it is very uncomfortable), outdoor seating, indoor seating, porch seating, and a large area in the back where you can take your pizza "to go" and listen to live music almost every night of the week. It IS cash only, but there is an ATM inside that only charges $1 and the money goes toward the local animal shelter. The best time to go is between 5 and 6 on any weekday...that way you don't get stuck waiting 50 minutes for a pizza! Don't leave Gainesville without visiting Satchel's!
Everyone seems to rave about Satchel's, and I do understand, the ambience is fantastic. The pizzas on the other hand are not particularly great. They have a huge selection of toppings so you can make your pizza as personalized as possible, but having been there twice, I've only thought of the pizza as just okay. In addition, the restaurant is much more expensive than I think it should be. But luckily, your portions are still rather large so it works out in the end if you truly enjoy it. Wait Staff is very friendly and courteous. *There is limited parking right by the restaurant, since it is almost always busy, so just be aware of that and plan in advance.
Best pizza in the world and all the servers are super sweet and helpful! Every time I go in there It's better than the last and I am constantly blown away by the AMAZING customer service at Satchel's and of course the pizza! Try the sodas, they're incredible!!
Satchel's Pizza is good for the soul! If you are ever feeling a little bit down, just run to Satchel's,grab a slice, and explore the premises.  Something about that place puts an instant smile on my face.   I absolutely love the salad.  The combination of the awesome dressing and fresh crunchy apples truly make it unique.   I usually order Tempeh and Mushroom pizza.  I'm sort of a creature of habit, but my husband recently got a white pie with spinach, artichoke, and ham.  It was phenomenal! This isn't the place to go if you are in a rush because it is usually pretty busy and they don't have a lot of oven space.  This has never really bothered me because the salad comes out quickly and the atmosphere is nice.   Overall, Satchel's is great, and since they have recovered from the unfortunate fire, it just keeps getting better and better.
My bro and sis-in-law took me here the day I landed. It was amazing!! I'm usually a fan of NY style pizzas...This place made me fall in love with deep dish pizzas. The crust wasn't soggy or "doughy". It was flaky and crunchy and it was filling. I'm definitely going back before I leave. It was a little pricy, but it's definitely worth it! Between the 3 of us, we got the deep dish pizza with 3 toppings, and a small salad (serving size for 3-5), and we paid $45. Also I loved the ambiance. It reminded me of Austin, TX! Great job with the decorating.
Never disappointed! no matter how long I wait to get seated it's always worth it. This is by far the best gluten free pizza in town. This place has so much to offer as far as experience and ambience goes. There is no other place in Gainesville that has so much decor! Love this place!
It's good food and has a nice atmosphere. They do a much better job now of getting food out in a timely manner. It used to take about an hour and a half to get food on a really fast day when you are the only people in there. It's a nice place to eat, but it's a little over hyped, and expensive.
We love Satchel's! It's on our list of "places to bring out of town guests."  Really fun atmosphere, great service and the food is amazing. Get the salad, trust me, you won't regret it. Be prepared to wait a bit for your food, and make sure to bring cash!
Ok, now, THIS is fantastic pizza!  Came for take-out on a Friday night.  The place was teaming with customers!  So many, it's hard to navigate your way through to the counter for pick-up.  But apparently, people don't mind waiting for a chance to savor these wonderful pies! We had a pizza with garlic and meatball - a perfect combination.  It was cheesy, flavorful and had plenty of toppings.  Salad was delicious, too, as well as the two brownies that we spied in the see-through case on the counter.  Can't wait to return! Two Tips:  Don't forget to bring cash, and take note that the place is small and not very wheelchair friendly.
Best pizza in Gainesville. Hands down. Fresh ingredients and so many choices. The pizza speaks for itself. The crust is amazing (crunchy and soft at the same time) and the sauce is just so...fresh. I love all the choices for the toppings too and the slices are HUGE! The Satch salad is worth it - many people forget about it because Satchels is known for their pizza but the salad is to DIE for. If you're there at lunch time, get the lunch special (salad and a slice for under $7). The food is of course the reason you come here, but the ambiance is just as awesome. Check out the funky art and make sure to stop by Lightning Salvage (next door). Be prepared to wait because it can be packed (but entertain yourself with the art!) And biggest tip: THIS PLACE IS CASH ONLY. They do provide an ATM (and they donate the fee to charity! Yay!), but no credit cards at all!
We found this restaurant by Googling "things to do in Gainesville". The prospect of being able to sit in a van for lunch sounded pretty neat! The van was occupied, however, so we chose to eat inside. Both inside and outside the restaurant, there are TONS of eclectic and interesting items to look at! The staff are very friendly and work together as a team. Your order is taken on a smart phone and the payment is cash only but an ATM is available. We ordered a Satchel Salad (definitely enough for two!) and it was amazing! Their soft drinks are made by hand in house, too! We also ordered a "Mama" medium pizza and it was delicious as well! Everything was extremely fresh. This was a refreshing place to eat lunch because it was so different in both design and philosophy. I can't wait to visit Gainesville again so we can eat here once again!!
Satchel's is my new favorite pizza joint.  It has such a fun atmosphere and THE BEST food.  I have been dreaming about the Satch Salad since I first tasted it.  It was absolutely delicious and was HUGE.  There was more than enough for my husband and myself to each have multiple plates full.  The calzones were the best I have ever had.  The ricotta cheese as well as the seasonings in the sauce gave the calzone a unique and delicious flavor that definitely put it above all of the other calzones I have ever had.  The homemade soda was tasty too! I will be back at Satchel's as soon as I can!
I'm gonna start this review by saying that yes, Satchel's is definitely a little bit overhyped, but it's for a reason. The pizza is very good, the salads are delicious--and you can purchase the wonderful dressing to take home!--and the selection of baked goods at the counter to pay are always a delight as well. The hippie ambiance is definitely part of the charm--I still want to eat in the van one day just to say that I did. Service is always wonderful and Satchel's treats its employees well, so it's a relief to know that although the pizza is rather overpriced, it's going to the good cause of fairly paying young employees. The shop out back always has some little doo-dads that I can't resist buying. Don't let the overhype keep you away from Satchel's; in the least, you'll have a very out of the ordinary experience from most Gainesville restaurants!
Either you must drag me here at gunpoint, pay me good money, or let me pop out with 8 pack abs before I step in this joint again. You call THAT deep dish pizza? It's a pizza that failed the Atkin's diet!  You can't make the crust 3/4 of a pizza and put the SAME amount of toppings as you do with a regular pizza and call it deep dish! I can't believe I had to fork over an extra $10 for DOUGH and not TOPPINGS. YUCK. Had a pesto pizza.  Asked to have some SLICED tomatoes this time and received a stern "They are pre-diced, sorry."  Uhm, you don't have a fresh tomato in the back?  Thanks for the info!  The pesto pizza was pretty TERRIBLE.  Probably the worst pesto I've ever had, really bland, incredibly OILY and did I say incredibly bland? Yuck number 2! And none of the ingredients stand out.  They used canned pineapples, what happened to some good fresh cut pineapple??  No proscuitto, pancetta, etc in view! And I don't like CHOPPED basil! Fresh whole leaves of basil please :)!
I have been here many times before. The place has a great following. It's kind of quirky an odd. It's a little overrated and expensive for pizza place. And we continue to come because my kids love the little fun stupid store in the back.
OVERRATED! Don't get me wrong. The pizza and the calzones are good. But for all the talk, the bumper stickers (we've all seen 'em) and the high prices, you can get way better pizza elsewhere. You are pretty much paying for the experience of eating in a graffitied van and all the crazy things they've got around the place. I had the calzone with everything. It was pretty big and tasted pretty good. My friends got the pizza which looked great. Apparently, the salads are really good here, but I don't waste stomach space and money on salads (No man should). Overall, it was good. The prices are high though and the wait was 1 hour just to get a table (by the dumpster). You can pass the time by visiting their store. The parking is terrible (we parked in a warehouse next door) and the food takes a long time to cook. But I'll give em a pass, since they always seem to be busy.
And now, a poem: Pizza's good, Salad lacks, Service sucks, Won't be back. :)
The atmosphere is super creative and everything is made up of garbage.  Findings if you will, like the décor on the exterior of the building and the decorative mobiles hanging from the ceiling inside.  The entire place looks like a place that would have been really popular back in 1992 when people still listened to Pearl Jam.  This place goes to show that people are into Grunge, eh? We arrived right before they opened on a Saturday around 10:55AM.  We sat ourselves and by 11:30 AM the place was packed with customers. The food is nothing spectacular.  What is up with the salad, seriously?  Everyone raves about it, so I ordered it.  $6.25 for the small that feeds up to 4 people.  No one at my table wanted it, so I tasted it and then took a photo.  Have you ever mixed all of the drinks together at the soda fountain? I think it is called "Suicide Soda."  This salad is like that, it tastes like someone mixed blue cheese, raspberry vinaigrette, Asian sesame, and balsamic vinaigrette all together into a bile tasting concoction that has some nuts in it as well.  I wonder if they have a salad prep area in the kitchen where the droppings are swept up off of the floor and put into a bowl to be served.  That must be the special ingredient and it is mind-blowing. We ordered the largest pizza, half with onion and bacon, the other half with pepperoni.  The sauce was very salty and had a lot of black pepper in it, plus there was not much cheese on the pizza.  The crust is brushed with garlic butter, which is a nice touch, but really not worth $25.00 we paid.  I could easily get a better tasting pizza at Leonardo's or any New York style pizzeria for cheaper and no wait. $35.00 later, we realized that eating here meant that we were officially PUNKD, OWNED, or whatever you call it.  The best thing was the cookies that we purchased at the register.  Like Flavor Flave says, "DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!!!"
Satchel's is the sort of place that I should love. Its funky, has a van out front that you can sit in (I did, it was tolerable on a cool spring day, don'd do it in summer unless you want to bake) and hipsters aplenty running the joint. First, the servers share the tip jar. Supposedly this makes 'everyone' there to help you. In general, the service is serviceable - but don't go there in a hurry. And if its busy, really plan on a leisurely meal. The salad: For me, the best part of the meal. A nice mix of greens, cheeses, nuts and whatnot. Good stuff. The pizza: Good. Very good. Not as amazing as word of mouth seems to indicate - but perhaps thats because most pizza in Gainesville is tepid to lukewarm in its taste/quality. Value: Here's the rub. The pizza is pretty pricey. Compared to what I can get in other cities for that same price of 25 bucks a pie, it pales in comparison. In the small universe of the Ville - the word of mouth becomes more understandable. If the prices were lower and the speed of service better - I'd eat here more often. As it is, I only go there when someone else wants to. They're slammed by regulars all the time, they won't miss me as a customer. 2.5 stars. Why can't we give half stars? Its not quite A-OK, but better than 'meh'
The two stars are not because of the food.  The food is decent.  I consider it on par with the other pizza places around.  The problem is the rest of it.  Last time I went on a TUESDAY night there was an hour and a half wait.  I didn't really want to go but my friend did so we hung around the gift shop listening to Architecture in Helsinki and I felt kind of dirty that I knew most the songs on whoever's ipod was playing through the system.  Something about listening to Arcade Fire while looking at ninja wallets just doesn't make me feel right. Finally we sit down and I get treated to that little disclaimer about small kitchen, long wait, yada yada.  So we order a pizza and a salad figuring the salad will hold us over.  And it sort of did.  It tasted fine but I don't trust people who put fruit in their salads.  It has the same sort of appeal as ninja wallets and indie music.  Just like its trying to be ironic, but knows its not quite ironic and thats what makes it work.  Too much theory behind a salad perhaps, but I was a little put off.  On to the pizza. About an hour after the salad the pizza arrives.  Good pizza.  Not bad.  Not great.  Good. Sooooo.... I paid about 7 bucks more on the check than, say, Big Lou's for a pizza that was about the same quality but everything had a creepy self awareness about it.  And the whole experience took about 3 1/2 hours which, if you do not bring along the right friends, will be awkward hell.  Two stars and maybe its time to change my ipod playlists...
I'd give Satchel's a solid "eh" (with a shrug of the shoulders). I haven't been there much, but I'm just really not impressed with any part of the experience. The food doesn't do it for me, and the atmosphere reminds me of this freaky hippie art teacher from elementary school. Also, they're cash only, and I live my life with plastic. I can't deny that Satchel's is part of the Gainesville experience (appearently, "You gotta go"). But it's not an experience I want to have too often.
This place is great. It starts out with this funky "junkyard" of fun stuff. You can eat in a VW van or check out stuff for sale in their shop. Hard to describe. More important, the food!  Started with the salad. Light dressing and nice combo in a bowl served family style. Some nice fiber to get it all started. Then moved on to the pizza. We shared a large between four of us and did not finish (but packed up) two slices. We were all stuffed.  What makes a great pizza? Starts with a chewy great tasted crust - Yes! Just the right amount of high quality cheese and sauce - Yes! Add some toppings. Absolutely. They should complement the pie and not overwhelm it, get watery or weigh it down. You could still hold the slice here comfortably and the veggies were perfect - Another YES! The service (Indie crowd) was spot on.
I wish I lived near this place. Good gravy, it is one of the best pizza places I have been to. Ever. First of all, get the Sachel Salad. Cucumbers, apples, red onion, cheese, tomatoes, almonds, sunflower seeds, walnuts...need I continue? (It's delicious.) And of course, get the pizza. You can't go wrong with any of them. Just be sure to ask for light crust if you like it that way, otherwise it'll be cooked dark. The environment is fun to say the least. There is an old VW Wagon out in the front that you can eat in, if you so wish - the staff will serve you out there. Local art on the walls, including pictures but also tons of hand crafts. Very friendly staff, they all work together to make sure the tables are taken care of. Also, there is a store towards the back that has some fun stuff to buy and also you can buy their salad dressing by the bottle! Only $5. Just a note for you: This place is cash only. Don't let that steer you away though. Definitely one of the best places to eat in Gainesville.
While a student and now as an alumna, I always enjoy a visit to Satchel's. It's laid back and charming environment welcomes a relaxed and fun dining experience with friends. Expect to wait to be seated for some time as this place is undoubtedly a local favorite. I suggest taking a walk through their one-of-a-kind store which is located behind the restaurant and stocked floor to ceiling with unimaginable items inspired by creativity and recyclable materials. I wouldn't normally order a salad at a pizza joint, but Satchel's salad is a must. Their salad dressing is so popular that you can purchase bottles of it in their quirky store. If you're a fan of all toppings, I recommend The Major: pepperoni, mushrooms, onions, peppers sausage and black olives. Another important note: They accept cash only. There is an ATM on location in case you may forget.
My FAVORITE and ONLY pizza joint when I completed my undergrad at UF. EXCELLENT pizza, AMAZING salad, and the best part - you can buy the dressing to go! They have the cutest/coolest little store in the back where you can get everything from sushi band-aids to nickel toys for the kids. Yes, it's cash only, and yes, it's a whole mile or two from downtown, but it's right on the bus route and really isn't hard to find! Suck it up and go - you will be happy you did!
The food and atmosphere are fabulous, but Satchel's is inconvenient as all hell. Location? BFE. Service? Awful. Parking? Non-existent. Credit cards? They don't take them. Reservations? They don't make them. You'll just have to wait 45 minutes or more on the side of town that consists of storage units, warehouses and the local looney bin. Very "cool". The pizza is amazing and the setup is very artsy-indie and I do love that about it. I would love to be a frequent and satisfied patron of this restaurant, but I really think Satchel's needs to get it's crap together.
Here is a pie from Satchel's in a nutshell: Bottom of the dough crispy like a neapolitan Edge medium crispy-fluffy like a sicilian, but burnt Sauce heavy like a deep-dish and toppings like Domino's. edit: Satchel's Pizza tastes like Domino's on Crack Rick James spent benjies
Eclectic atmosphere, decent pizza, LONG LONG WAIT! If you are not in a hurry and want to have dinner in a fun place with a unique look and feel, then this place is for you. The gift shop is filled with fun things you would never imagine to be found in a restaurant, and is good to kill some time. For a good laugh, cross your fingers that you are lucky enough to get the table inside the VW bus. If you are going here just because you want a good pizza, save yourself some time and pick one up somewhere else
Let's start with the food.  The pizza is pretty amazing, I like their style pizza and their design.    So I have no complain about that. It is pretty fresh quality pizza. For its price, it is not too bad. The only thing is that they only take cash, no credit cards. So you may wonder why  I gave them a three star.   Well The atmosphere seems to be relax and chill, but when they get really packed. It takes them forever to get people in.  Their set up of tables inside the place is poorly set up, they can fit more around, In addition, sometime it feels like they have lack of help.   Although the food is good, the safety and the sanitizing of the food worries me sometimes, No hair nets, or gloves worn.  But anyhow the entire place is focus on selling their items rather than their focus on their food.  But the good thing is that they dont try to solicit their products though.
Satchel's get four stars from me for creativity, ambiance, and food. The salad is amazing. Yes, it's the only one on the menu, but you don't mess with a good thing. The pizza is always fresh, hot, delicious. Everything a pizza should be. Service is sometimes good and sometimes great. Been several times and never had a horrible experience. Get a giant cookie on your way home; you won't regret it. Insider tip: If you don't want to wait an hour and a half, try to snag a table at the bar area in the back. Then place an order for pickup. They will let you eat your carry out food in the back. The negative is that you have to get up and get your own drinks, and you don't have plates, but the plus side is that your closer to the live music and you don't have to tip.
Oh, Satchel's! This is definitely one of those "typical" Gainesville places you would take company to just for the experience. The kitschy decor inside and out makes the place very warm, cozy and inviting, plus they have the most amazing shop (Lightnin' Salvage) directly behind the restaurant. If you've ever wondered where you can buy toast-shaped Band-Aids, a Flat Cat, or just some neat Satchel's beer glasses, this is your place. If you can, try to eat in the VW bus (I've always wanted to, but haven't yet managed to...it just looks really cool.) Atmosphere aside, the pizza is fantastic. Their usual pie has rather thin crust, whereas the deep dish is  little more substantial. You can't go wrong with either. The toppings (and that deliciously oozy cheese) are perfect. I personally love garlic with artichoke hearts and ricotta, or just plain cheese. Their house-made sodas are pretty neat, too; I can vouch for the root beer. Ugh, I'm getting hungry...
I'm not one of those people who have a Satchel's bumper sticker on their car, but I was pretty intrigued by the massive following they seem to have.   So I went with a few friends for lunch.  Ok, so it's cute.  Kind of like Woodstock meets Pee Wee's Playhouse.  Not really my style, but hey it's pizza.   The service was really bad.  The pizza was above-average, but not the best ever.  The best part of the experience was seeing a couple eating in a van converted to a dinner table.
Whenever anyone comes to visit Gainesville, I tell them they absolutely must try Satchel's. Aside from providing always-outstanding food and service, this place is so much more than a restaurant. The menu is simple, but every option is exceptional. I have never had a deep-dish pizza that even comes close, and I have spent quite a bit of time in Chicago, so I have a good frame of reference. The service is great - they all share tips, so it's not rare for several different people to come by and check on you, refill your drinks and clear your plates. Going to Satchel's is certainly a time investment because they are not a high-volume restaurant, but if you're in a hurry, try Hungry Howie's. Additionally, the ambiance is second-to-none. It feels good to know that most all of their ingredients are local, if not grown on premise. I appreciate the fact that their employees are treated well, offered health insurance and they have at least two days off. Lastly, Lightning Salvage is the junk shop behind the restaurant and is an experience in itself. If you like pizza at all and have an appreciation for something a bit different, this is the best place in town.
As other reviews I will quote the same "Way over RATED !" Salad and dressing is good no doubt. But I'm rating pizza here..and their pizza rates below average. If I was rating salad and the eclectic atmosphere I'd take them up to 3 stars. My vote - Don't bother !
The negative reviews baffle me Granted, waits can be long at night Atmosphere is unique for GNV so that adds to the specialness. Can be pricey too, but try the lunch special, slice, salad and drink all under $10 No wait either Food's fresh, tasty and nutritious. Atmosphere rules. So much more than the van. Service is always friendly and attentive. No complaints here.
I've heard about Satchel's for years but it's off the beaten path of my forays into Gainesville, which mainly consists of things walkable from campus.  This is not walkable from campus but it may have been worth it if we walked.  Really great place!  There was a lunch special for $6.50 that included a salad and a slice, which my whole table got and there was lots of food left over, everyone loved it. They had dairy free cheese for pizzas/calzones, and local tempeh which looked excellent but didn't try it.  I would have loved to try a slice of pizza with the vegan cheese but they only use that if you order a whole pie, which I didn't want. I got the house salad sans Romano cheese.  It was one of the greatest salads I've ever ordered.  It didn't look that big when it arrived and I was initially bummed bc I wanted pizza and couldn't get any and had to order a salad but it was so filling.  Lots of nuts and berries, but it wasn't super sweet.  The dressing was great.  I'd go back for this salad, it was so good!   Satchel's is only a 4 star and not a 5 star bc I will probably never get to try the vegan pizza as you have to order a whole pie and my husband and probably friends will never go for that.  That was a bummer.  So if you have lots of dairy free friends, give it a go and enjoy some for me:)  Also, this place is cash only.  They have a ATM there and donate the service charge to charity which was bittersweet.  Glad a charity is benefiting from it but really.....cash only?
I lived in Gainesville for a couple of years before Satchel opened his place, and what a relief it was to FINALLY have good pizza again! There's plenty of thick doughy crud pizza here, but Satchel was the first to make a truly artisan pie, with thin crust that's so crispy, you'll eat every bite. If you ever by chance get a pizza that is the least bit soggy, SEND IT BACK. Satchel wants you to. Honest. It happened to us just once. We sent that pie back, and Satchel rushed to our table and apologized profusely! He takes his crust VERY seriously. It's true that the wait for a table can be atrocious. If you don't want to wait, then go at a weird time. Once we went around 8:30 p.m. on a Tuesday in the fall and we got right in, even scored a booth. Both the meatballs and the steak topping are awesome, if you like meat. All the veggies are great, and the fresh basil is generous and heavenly. About the only so-so things are the pepperoni (I think there is no good pepperoni in north Florida) and the fresh sliced tomatoes (ditto; damn hard to get good tomatoes here). If you like wet and heavy toppings, like roasted red peppers or artichokes, I recommend getting the deep-dish pie. It's worth the wait, and it will hold up to heavy stuff. The sweet tea is good, and there's unsweet too. No need to drink that nasty Pepsi.
Some of you are harsh! What does it take to win your heart? I went for the lunch special. I guess I went at an odd-hour or something, because we were seated right away, and our waitor skipped over in a heartbeat and brought us our drinks. The salad was delicious, all homemade-y and special. Not like those other places where they open a bag and squirt some fattening cream on it before throwing it in your face. The pizza deserves it's own paragraph. YUM. I watched it walk across the room and into my lap, a heaping pile of cheesy, artichokey goodness. I didn't even have to take a bite before knowing that Satchel's was my new pizza joint. I usually dislike one thing about every pizza place I go to (the sauce, the crust, the greasiness, the temperature, the topping freshness) but Satchel's was not like that. The whole slice was amazing. I didn't even talk to my date until the pizza was done. Sorry honey, but you're not made of cheese.
Still great. The host remembered my husbands name, which impressed me. So, our visit started off just right. It was not nearly as packed as it usually gets on Saturday nights (we went before the football game ended). The salad was great, as usual. Delishhhh. The pizza came out quickly, was hot, and also delish.
Satchel's Pizza 2.0 is awesome!  They really improved the atmosphere!  The back Salvage area is amazing now.  They have a bar and it's open to the music so it's very inviting.  They have six craft beers on tap and a couple wines and bottles of beer. The salad believe it or not is better than the pizza.  You can buy the dressing so make sure to get a bottle on your way out.  With that being said the pizza is amazing.  The slices are big so if you are just eating a slice will do or if you have a group share a pizza.  The mama is the way to go so load up the toppings. Nothing tops the atmosphere here.  Make sure to walk all the way to the back to take a look at the fountain.  I take everyone who comes to Gainesville to this place as it is an epic must stop.
A lot of the so-called hipsters and artist-types (in essence, the people I know) rave about this restaurant in Gainesville.  In addition, the owner gets a lot of credit among locals as an inventive entrepreneur.  I love the restaurant in concept and as far as the atmosphere goes, you just don't get a dining "experience" quite like this one in Gainesville.  The off the beaten path atmosphere is really young, colorful, and almost gives off a co-op vibe which is difficult to find in a town dominated by strip malls.   I am only giving it an "OK" because as much as you want it to be, this is not "the world's best pizza" or even Gainesville's best pizza.  My family wanted to return for the atmosphere but were disappointed again by the ever-so-hailed pizza.  We all looked at each other and put our finger on it: at the end of the day the 1) tomato sauce and the 2) dough are mediocre, at best.  Since there seems to be nothing special about the preparation of the sauce (is it Ragu they use?) and the dough (your basic flour / water concoction), the price does not seem justified.   I came first with my brother (a chef) and then with my partner (born and raised in the South of France) and they both had the same reaction. I was tempted to be the black sheep of this thread and give Satchel's a "Meh," but I am giving it an "OK" because I love the sweet tooth-friendly salad (although my partner thought there was too much honey in the "secret sauce") and I love the restaurant...in theory and concept.  But, since my family unanimously decided the pizza was "bleh" it is no longer one of those must-go-to-restaurants when I return to visit them in Gainesville.
I know a lot of people that would consider this blasphemous, but Satchel's just doesn't do it for me.  The pizza IS very good ( they have tons of interesting pizzas, and something in their red sauce makes it spicy and delicious), but pretty much everything else leaves something to be desired.  You have to wait forever to be seated; they have a little shop in the back with weird gifts and some cool rare beers, but an hour is too long to have to wait there.   When you do sit down, if you have a big party, they will squeeze you in somewhere you barely fit; if you have just a couple people with you, they might put you in the van, which some people think is cool, but I find uncomfortable.  Also, the food is expensive and takes an eternity. Once the novelty wore off, I preferred going to the now-defunct Mellow Mushroom, but because of the quirky atmosphere and good food I will say Satchel's is definitely worth a visit--if only once.
Not sure what I can say that hasn't already been said but this is one of those rare places that lives up to (if it doesn't exceed) the hype!  The regular crust is great but the deep dish is 2nd to none.  This includes the Chicago big 3 (Lou Malnotis, Ginos East or Giordanos) IMHO. The junk shop and live music on the back porch always makes the wait go quickly.  My only suggestion for Satchel would be to add a west coast IPA (or Sweet Water IPA from Atl to the menu). Small complaint since Big Nose is on draft but there isn't any thing too hoppy out back but Bison. This is the one place in Gainesville that I can reliably take anyone and know they will have a good time. Eat in the bus at least once - although you don't want to do this on a rainy day since it isn't completely watertight.
DUNNO IF U HEARD BOUT THIS PLACE BUT THE PIZZA'S PRETTY GOOD. f'real. tempeh is essential. minus one star for lightnin' salvage, the most useless place on the planet.
This place by far has the best deep dish pizza I have ever had. It's a very fun atmosphere with plenty going on in the bar out back to keep you entertained while you wait for a table. I have also had the calzones. I wasn't crazy about all the ricotta cheese but wife is a huge fan of the calzones because of the ricotta cheese. There is also the Satchel's salad. I have no idea what the dressing is in the salad but it is soooo good.
Definitely one of the best pizza places I've ever had. No, its not a NY style pizza. If you're into that sort of thin greasy pizza go somewhere else. My suggestion? Spring for the deep dish. Though it's more expensive (and this place is a little pricey anyways) it is totally worth it. The only thing I can say is choose your toppings well. I know of too many people who say "oh satchel's sucks", but when I asked them what they had on their pizza its the most random assortment of toppings. Choose your toppings in a genre (italian, greek, meat lovers, veggie, vegan) and you'll love it. Don't blame Satchel if you choose crap toppings.
Have been going here for years and while the service has never been great and usually rude (aside from the outdoor bar servers), the food has always been great. Everything is so fresh, and they now serve their own brands of soda. The only con to this place is that they only take cash but it is well worth it.
All I've had is the thin crust pizza.  It is delicious: crispy and flavorful.  The service is attentive (you take a sip of your soda and BAM you've got a full glass again) and friendly, but not creepy.   They take good care of their employees, so it's worth the little bit extra in cost. WARNING:  If you hate hipsters, hippies, waiting, eclectic decor, or cash-only establishments then this is not the place for you.
I LOVE Satchel's Pizza! It is probably the best pizza spot in Gville! ;) This time I ordered a "Major" with ricotta cheese, pepperoni, sausage, & basil.  DELICIOUS! I really think they rub garlic on the crust, because it is so flavorful and yummy!
What can I say about the legendary Satchels Pizza? Yes, it's THAT good. A staple of mine for the last four years of my life (I'm about to cry since I've since moved on from Gainesville/UF). The environment is extremely family-friendly, very hipster, indie, left-leaning, and liberal. If you're none of those things, then this might not be the place for you, but they'll still accept you with open arms! The pizza is golden, but the real kicker for me are the calzones. Hands-down, the best calzones of my life. All their ingredients are fresh. Dishes are made to order and with love. The cook staff are incredibly dedicated and skilled. The salads are an absolute MUST. Great for lunch, and even better for dinner. They even have a store (Lighting Salvage) and back area where local musicians come in. Service is absolutely amazing. I've come to know and love the management there. It is cash only, but believe me, this place is worth the slight inconvenience. And if you ever forget or if you're that bent out of shape, they do have an ATM on site. Any ATM fees they collect go straight to charity. Satchels is just a must if you're in Gainesville and love pizza. Nothing else compares.
Wow! Hands down coolest pizza joint in Gainesville! Not only do they have a very unique restaurant and ambiance but the pie is ridiculously good. You can really tell they use fresh ingredients and that every pie is baked with love. We tried the calzones and they were ok but the pizza is definitely the way to go. There is also a bar in a separate building out back that has live music and a good beer selection. If the restaurant is busy you can get your pie delivered to the bar!
Satchel's is the one of the top places to get pizza in Florida, hands down. I've only had the pepperoni pizza, but let me tell you they make it perfectly. The ingredients are all delicious, and the pie has the perfect proportion of cheese to sauce. Only reason this isn't a 5 star review is it's a bit pricy. It's not so bad when you split it with others, but for a college town it's definitely up there in price, especially when you can go down to Gumby's and get a pie for $5.
Honestly, I consider Satchel's Pizza one of Gainesville's food treasures. Atmosphere is super chill and the food is top notch. It's crazy, but my favorite thing there isn't the pizza or the calzone, but the salad. Best salad I've ever had. Hands down. The dressing, the ingredients used, just everything. Spot on. The wait time to get seated and receive your food usually takes a while (especially on Friday and Saturday nights), but it's worth it. Definitely a place to go visit if it's your first time in Gainesville.
Oh mighty Satch. Even living in New York, I still find myself craving you.  Your amazing salads that had fresh apples, walnuts and the most delicious homemade dressing.  And your wonderful heaven-sent pizza that I have not found a replacement for here in one the biggest pizza cities, New York. But really - Satchel's is one of the most charming dining experiences one can have.  It's one of those places that makes you love the homeyness of Gainesville.  Off the beaten path, Satchel's is decorated with a lot of kitsch and recycled items - but done well.  The garden and kids' area outside contribute to the overall homey feel to the place. The pizza is what really makes this place (as it should).  Always fresh and delicious, the crust is crisp and perfectly golden while the homemade sauce coats it in the most luscious coat of tomato-y paint.  On top of that add your cheese and whatever ingredient you may like on there (the topping list is enormous) and you have perfection in a slice. Satchel's reminds me a lot about what I miss about Gainesville.  In fact writing this post made me really nostalgic.  Apparently pizza can bring out my womanly emotions.
Yum! I love Satchel's for two reasons: the food and the atmosphere. The food: The salad's are really delicious, but people are right about them being pricey. The pizza is sooort of expensive, but it's fresh ingredients and it's good pizza. This isn't Pizza Hut folks... I guess my wallet is used to dishing out money for food from living in San Francisco. I would say the pizza's a fair price for what you get. The atmosphere: I've never had an hour-long wait as some people have, but there is usually a wait to get a table. I always go with a group of friends though and there's enough to do that I don't mind the wait. I guess I just like spending time with the people I hang out with. There's a playground to the side that I didn't notice until I went there for the fourth or fifth time - good for kids! Also a store in the back that's fun and interesting. There's a greenhouse and a face-in-hole picture op by the store as well. There's also a stage/bar area in the back but I've never seen it in action. There are a couple tables outside which is nice when the weather is good. Downsides: It takes a while for the food to come. Cash only. I go here almost every time I visit Gainesville.
A truly one of a kind place. Electic decor, veggie-friendly, and you can even eat in the back of a done-up VW van. I wasn't a huge fan of their vegan pizza, but I loved their regular slice, with plenty of mozzarella cheese. The salad too, mmm. They only take cash, and are frequently so busy that you have to wait for awhile, but it's worth it.
Great pizza. Satchel's is definitely somewhere you should eat in Gainesville. The experience can't really be replicated. If you don't have cash, there's an ATM there. There's usually a wait but you can go around the back to their store in the meantime.
Eh. It's not the food that's holding them back. It's how  busy they are. My top issues with Satchel's: 1. You WILL wait 1.5-2 hours before seeing your pizza. Usually it's 45-1hr for a table and another 45-1hr for the food. Unacceptable. 2. No reservations accepted (idk if they do call-aheads). 3. Cash Only 4. It's kind of a drive. 5. It's much more expensive than any other pizza place out there. I think it's 20 dollars for a X-large cheese. You are definitely paying for how popular it is. If there's anything to be said, do not go on weekends and don't go after 6PM. Much better deal at Leonardo's. That's 30 minutes, tops, even on the busiest nights.
Good ingredients-- bland sauce and poor crust. They need to switch their dough formula and use flour with a higher gluten content-- could be stellar. Also their cannoli is LETHALLY sweet...couldn't take more than one bite! For what it's worth the atmosphere is wonderfully kitschy and the service, unlike the pizza, is good. Also-- can someone please explain the much publicized "living wage"? Just how much would that be?
I'm torn between my hate of waiting long period of time for food that can be delivered to me and my love picking up overpriced toys to show to my friends and saying "remember this? I didn't really like it when I was 5 but now it is retro and I'm bored out of my mind waiting for our pager to buzz". I also want to hold them responsible for none of my friends agreeing to get a pizza with artichokes and feta, but I guess they didn't technically do that. That aside, I like pizza and this is fairly good even though it's extremely overrated. Maybe I'm just bitter because I'm the only person in the tri-county area without a Satchel's bumper sticker.
Satchel's has some tasty pizza, but it's too expensive for me to go very regularly. To me Satchel's is a cool place to take company; it never fails to impress. Come here for a unique experience.
Easily the best pizza in Gainesville, FL.  The ingredients are always fresh and you can't go wrong ordering a Mama's . . . pick 4 of your favorite toppings.  The salad is delicious (as everybody else says) and honestly, you think you're going to miss it when you leave Gainesville . . . and I think I actually miss it more than I thought I would.  Living in Atlanta currently, I would expect to be able to find a good local pizza joint . . . but nothing here compares to Satchel's.  It's really the best I've had.  The crust is perfect, and the moisture if any collects on the pizza dough is from the fresh ingredients - not oil.  Next time I'm back in Gainesville . . . "I'm going to Satchel's." Oh, and just remember to bring cash . . . no credit cards accepted.
Delicious. Simply delicious. LOVE the unique and homemade soda too. It's  a fun quirky restaurant, you'll get good food and a chill & eclectic atmosphere. It's a Gainesville must do.
Satchel's pizza is a must have if you are even in the Gainesville area. I would even venture to say, if I was anywhere in the north central Florida area- I'd make a trip to Satchel's. Simply put, the BEST pizza of my life. This is the type of pizza I have dreams about and wake up with my stomach grumbling (yes, I dream of food). If I did gain the notorious 'freshman 15',  I was probably from Satchel's pizza. It was worth every pound. My signature order would start with the Satchel's salad and end with the pizza topped with ricotta cheese and garlic. Absolute perfection. You can not eat at satchel's with out having the salad. I can not stress this enough- the salad is as good as the pizza. The salad dressing is a secret recipe, but luckily you can buy them their by the bottle. The salad is a mix of lettuce, cucumber, carrots, apples, onion, Romano cheese, and nuts.  YUMMY. The pizza is incredible. I have also had the deep dish pizza and it was heavenly. If you choose to have the deep dish pizza, do not come hungry. It takes about an hour to make. You know what they say- good things come to those who wait- and the deep dish pizza is no exception. There is also something to be said about the whole Satchel's experience. The restaurant is so kitchy, you can even go without eating. There is a store in the back that sells random, funny gifts and there is always local buyable art on the walls. The back of the menu's are always entertaining and sometimes they will have live music playing. Remember this place is cash only. Come prepared to leave happy, full, and satisfied.
The interminably long waits would be horrendous if it weren't for the food and the area in the back where you can listen to some weirdo musicians and have a beer or glass of wine or several. They also have have a little bocce court. Who the hell plays that?
This is the kind of place that people come to for good food/pizza and odd decor (you can eat in a van-turned-table on the restaurants front lawn). The pizza was pretty good! Crust very crunchy but still thick and puffy--something hard to pull off!  It doesn't compare to the best of the NYC crispy traditional, Boston North-end, New Haven thin crust , or deep-dish Chicago style (although I don't personally prefer the latter), but it is quite serviceable. The white pizza had a nice mild garlic flavor that was nicely balanced (subtle garlic is also hard to pull off!) although the ground beef I ordered as a topping, kind of made it taste like a giant hamburger (probably my fault). The slices of tomatoe pizza were similarly crunch, but came up short on the sauce flavor Toppings were fresh. A friend suggested the Satch Salad, which had sliced nuts, apples, etc. over lettuce but the dressing was a bit overdone and there could have been a little more toppings and a little less lettuce but that's a personal thing. The wait for take-out was 30 min. I read other reviews and was right to have brought a book. They give you a flashing hockey puck-style disc so you can wander into their store of oddities out back. The place has funky style, which is fairly authentice and not as pretentious as it could be. The waitstaff was overworked and kind of obnoxious, especially considering I told them it was my first time there and asked what would be a good choice from the menu. Also, there  closed on Mondays, which I learned the hard way.
Satchels wins. I used to say 'good for Gainesville', for whatever snobby northeastern pizza snobberery I thought I needed to show, but for real. This is a great pie. Don't believe me? Try to get a table there on a weekend. Nearly I possible. The place is ALWAYS packed. A testiment to Satchel making a great product. Side note: the sauce. It is the make/break for many people. It is spicy. It's not a northeast sweet/ savory sauce. That's not what you get down south; this sauce has a kick and it's a good thing. So that is the key to wether or not you'll like Satchel's. The crust is great. The sauce has a kick. Ok? Sweet. The salad alone is a meal. You should try it. Warning: if you're allergic to nuts, order without nuts. This is the perfect start to any meal. Alot of people will order by the slice. This is economical and smart if everyone likes something different. Satchel's wins! My favorite absolute thing is their calzones. Just typing about it gets me excited. I like to get sausage and pepperoni. Sauce on the side. They are just about the most perfect item you can get here. It takes some time if you are in the restaurant to get them, but that's what the salad is for! And TOTALLY worth the wait. Satchels wins. Period. If you are in Gainesville, make a point to eat here if you can. You should leave happy if you do.
As far as pizza in Gainesville, Satchels might be the best. They have one of the best salads I have ever eaten, the calzones are delicious, and the pizza is pretty good. Sometimes there is a wait despite all the seating, but luckily they have a junk store in the back with fun items and a bocce ball court. They are cash only but have an ATM inside.
We used to visit Satchel's anytime we were in or near Gainesville before we moved here, since my partner grew up here and fell in love with the place then (before moving away for a while). The fact that so many people come back here when they return to Gainesville is telling - this pizza will haunt you. It is DELICIOUS. The basic pizza is yummy, but I can react poorly to too much dairy, so I often get a calzone with no cheese, which they are happy to accommodate. (They also have a nearly-gluten-free flax and millet crust that I haven't tried yet but will soon...) ORDER EXTRA SAUCE. They put more on the pizza than most places do anymore, but it is so delicious I like to dip my pizza in even more sauce. The deep-dish, which is not always available, is amazing. We got it for the first time last weekend. Yes, it is expensive - but it fed my fiancee and I for 4-5 meals. The place gets busy, but if the wait is long, you can order your food to go and sit at one of the picnic places in the back of their shop and listen to some usually good live music. The desserts are great too. Haven't had their specialty, cannoli, since I'm just not generally big on it, but the cake and cookies are yummy! Dog-friendly, too, if you're willing to sit outside.
Considering what else is available in Gainesville, or heck, the entire county, this is hands down the best pizza around.  It's got great food and atmosphere, and the service is always very nice. One tip:  Experiment with the toppings!  Don't be bland, or you'll have a pizza that's not living up to it's potential.  They have over twenty toppings to choose from, so be creative!
A+ for atmosphere. Eating inside or out  is very nice and the service is absolutely awesome. Outside there's a pimped out van you can eat inside of, and gorgeous garden like atomsphere with absolutely stunning seating. The food is great, pretty awesome for Gainesville. I don't think its the world's best, as they claim, but its better than any other pizza I've had in Gville. Draw back, they don't accept credit cards, which is bull because they totally have an ATM. Come on!   But as you're leaving you'll notice they have this neat trinket-y fountain in the back of the parking lot, and a small indie shop next door.
Satchel's remains the only place to serve flax seed crusts that I have ever been too or even heard of. And it was delicious, why don't more pizza places try it? Eating in the van is a unique experience, one that any Gainesville resident or student should experience if they have the opportunity. Just to say you did. The biggest disappointment for me is that this restaurant is cash only, and this place is kind of in the boondocks, so unless you plan ahead the only option is an an overpriced ATM inside.
Satchel's has made me a pizza snob. My taste buds will have nothing less than quality pizza. Luckily, we have Pi here in St. Louis, but I will never forget my first love, Satchel's. The salad is tasty: fresh greens & reds, tomatoes, carrots, red onions, & cucumbers topped with romano cheese, sunflower seeds, almonds, granny smith apples, & Satchel's house-made vinaigrette dressing. Our usual pizza: Fresh basil, zucchini, & pepperoni, but feel free to do a half & half, multiple pizzas or the Mama (bang for the buck-4 toppings). Desserts: Baked goods are made daily! Their chocolate cake is super moist & super delicious, but make sure to reserve a piece if you see one on your way in. Once it's out, there's no more for the day! TIPS! - Make sure you don't head over there on Sundays & Mondays, they're ALWAYS closed. We learned the hard way. - CASH ONLY!! There's an ATM inside, but there is a service charge. - They don't take reservations. Be prepared to wait if you in a big group!
I must be a massochist or something, because I'm a Buffalo snob when it comes to pizza and wings, but I LOVE trying pizza other places. Not usually brave enough to do wings... But normally I would even prefer Buffalo pizza to a NYC slice.  But I have to admit, and this is tough... If I could I would take Satchel's over any of them. The owner treats you like you are friends over for lunch. There are lots of fun-weird specialty slices and I've never really been a pepperoni and cheese type. The salad was amazing, and I thought I might have to move back to FL for the garlic knots. I love the cute pictures of the owner's family outside the bathroom, and the sunflowers growing all over the front of the restaraunt. Not to mention the hippy van you can eat inside of, outside the restaraunt (though I've been told it's less then a good idea in July in Gainesville, I'm sure it would be great in the fall). I've never seen a place with decor anything like Satchel's, it was really great. This is by far the best place to get pizza outside of New York State from anywhere I've had it (and I've tried it all over the place), but it's really the amazing salad, garlic knots, and the great atmosphere that makes it worthy of 5 stars.
I'm writing this review as I sit inside of Satchel's. The pizza just got here--it's perfect. This place is a Gainesville landmark. I hope it never changes. They don't take cash, you can eat your slice at a table inside a VW bus that is parked outside, and there is usually eccentric music playing. Oh yeah, the salad: legendary.
Awesome food, awesome service and awesome experience.   I would recomend going for lunch - their lunch specials are a really good deal compared to their normal dinner prices.  Plus - you really don't want to visit without trying their salad...its that awesome.  The restaurant itself along with the junk store is worth a visit even if you are not eating.  Lots of cool things to see, things to buy and stuff to take photos with.     Only thing I am not a fan of is the "pay at the counter inside" thing.  I get that you are pooling tips and everyone is helping everyone but it seems a bit awkward at times. This place really is worth driving out of your way for.. GO FOR IT!
Best pizza in town.  Bring cash these hippies dont believe in Credit Cards LOL
Satchel's Pizza is one of the top ten reasons to live in Gainesville. Not only is it a great place to go for lunch or dinner, but you can feel good about supporting them because they provide a living wage for the employees. Vegan friendly but great for carnivores, too. Awesome calzones...I like to order calzones but the pizza crust is awesome so try a pie, too. They are also famous for their salads. The new junk shop and lounge behind the restaurant eases the wait time for a table and is a great hangout in and of itself when bands or DJs play. If you drink, make sure to get a pitcher of beer inside and bring it to the back to avoid paying the by-the-bottle prices at the bar there.
It's a little out of the way. A little over a year ago (January '07), I took down directions from a friend and ended up searching nearly an hour for it, but that's not Satchel's fault. In fact, I could barely find any fault at all with anything about Satchel's. The place appeared to be a favorite of Gator kids (they were everywhere), but it wasn't rowdy. In fact, it just added to the energy. You can sit inside, outside, in the garage out back, or even in an old 60's van with an actual table inside. My friends and I took the van, and even though it was a tad difficult crawling in and out of, it made for a fun and unique dining experience! The service was expedient, friendly and helpful (a rare trifecta of good service), the draft beer pitchers were cold, the big bowl of salad refreshing (the red and green leaf lettuces, romano cheese, almonds and sunflower seeds were a far cry from the simple watery iceburg I would expect from a pizza place), and the pizza was hot and delicious. I'm not talking Pizza Hut delicious, either. Satchel's pizza blows any other place (that I've been to) out of the swamp water. You can get toppings like fresh basil, feta cheese, steak, broccoli, fresh garlic, artichoke, and may more plus your standard pizza toppings (like pepperoni and mushrooms). It's not at all greasy, and the sauce was very tasty without being overwhelming. Satchel's is a cash only place, and while not cheap, it's comparative to the big pizza chain prices and the portions are enourmous (I ordered two slices and could only finish one!). I've only been to Gainesville the one time, and didn't eat anywhere else, but I can guarantee that if I go back to that town I will be going to Satchel's.
Went to satchels today for the first time as a lifelong gainesville resident and I must say I've been missing out. I'd write a shining review but the rest of them speak for themselves. I got a big mama calzone with onions/garlic/mushrooms/spinach and it was delicious. I used to make the drive to blue highway (also great stuff) but this is my shit now.
Amazing. Simply said, but truthful. You get atmosphere and amazing food. I recommend the mama pizza with garlic, artichoke, spicy sausage, and spinach. And the salad is great. Fresh walnuts, apples ... it's a smile in a bowl. And if you go with a group, try to sit in the VW van out front. It's an experience.
The best pizza still in Gainesville (Momo's would be #1, but they shut down).  Their salad is amazing, I always buy some dressing to take home when I come visit.  The atmosphere is fun, eventhough it can get a bit tedious waiting for an hour+ for a table.  I like that they sell artwork by local artists that is on display in the dining area.   Pick-up is easy if you're not willing to wait.  Parking can be a hassle, but it's worth it.
Yet another place in Gainesville that attracts the cool scene kids. As you may have guessed, this place is extremely funky and hip as Kristen mentioned. Satchel's has a lot of good represenation- all my friends talk about it. Even though it was a bit far from where I lived, I still made an effort to eat here at least once before I left Gainesville... just to see what the big deal was. When I was there, they didn't take credit cards which kinda sucked. We ordered a white pizza with basil and tomatoes. It was pretty good but I would still get Leonardo's before Satchel's. Satchel's is a cool place to go to if you've got a group of friends to go with. There's outside seating as well as indoor booth seating. At times, they have groups playing music in the back patio area. This place is pretty well decorated. Christmas lights, funky pieces on the walls, a gutted van of sorts that allows for more seating. Yes, people do eat inside the van. I would have too but it was jam packed when I got there. They also have a small store in the back that serves more as an interactive museum I think. They have all these weird things in the store. Armadillo purses, interesting picture books, alligator paraphernalia. You name it, they got it. My friend and I stayed in there for hours just goofing off. Overall, I'd come to Satchel's for the environment and only with a large group of friends. I wouldn't go solely for the pizza. It's not that the pizza was bad but I've become involved with the Florentine at Leonardo's. lol
The pesto pizza was really good and had a delicious crust. The homemade sodas were also yummy. Overall great experience and nice unique atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and the wait time for the pizza was reasonable although I think we beat the dinner rush. This is my first time going because every other time it was way too crowded on the weekend.
What a fun eclectic place to eat. I was taken by a Gainesville local when I was in town last. The service was friendly and prompt. The pizza was good and the salad was huge. Attached to the restaurant is a gift shop. Be sure to visit and spend a few minutes looking around. I only wish they accepted credit cards...
If you're visiting Gainesville, this place is a must-visit! I love the hipster-y style of this place -- all the decorations, the fact that you can eat in a van, the view finders, the grounds, etc. Huge pizzas for a good price, as well. I came for lunch and got the lunch special, which is an amazing deal -- a gigantic slice of pizza bigger than my head and a delicious salad (and I don't even usually like salad... but this one had pine nuts, almonds, apple slices, cheese, etc. etc.... YUM!). I tried their house made cola and root beer and loved them both!
I've only lived in Gainesville four months, and I've already been to Satchel's Pizza three times. Best pizza I've had anywhere -- primarily because I can get the toppings I want, even several that aren't available anywhere else. Their pesto topping is just out of this world. They only take cash, and yes, they are a little on the expensive side for this student-centered town, but it's because they try to pay their staff a living wage. They have indoor and outdoor seating, and I have to say, I was skeptical about sitting outdoors in Florida in August, but they've done a lot with the landscaping to make it pleasant -- cool (in a temperature sort of way) and free of mosquitos. Their salads are also very good, with an interesting variety of ingredients. And the lunch special for $6.50 is better food than you can get most places for that price. I highly recommend Satchel's.
Best pizza in Gainesville.  Eat here.  It is a Gainesville institution. 1. Satchels - Some of the best crust I have ever had. 2. Big Lou's
Best pizza in Gainesville! Love that they are willing to put different toppings on each half of the pizza for no extra charge. And their salad is so yummy as well! The only downsides are that you have to wait a bit for your pizza to come, and that they only accept cash. My favorite place to eat in G-ville!
We went on a rainy friday for lunch and were seated right away. The sodas were not my favorites but the pineapple, ham, and pepperoni deep dish pizza was amazingly delicious. We did have to wait about an hour to get it but the wait was worth it. The place is cash only but they do have an atm with a 1.50 fee that goes to local charities.
By far the best pizza spot in Gainesville! It's a little far from the main part of the city, but the trip is definitely worth it. You can customize your pizza and I guarantee that it will be delicious. The spunky (pretty "hipster") decor makes the dining experience even better.
In my experience, most places that have long waits have them for a reason: the food is really fricking good; Satchel's is no exception. Satchel's is the art of simplicity at it's finest. The menu only really offers 3 things--pizza, calzones, and salad--the first two of which, especially the pizza, can be individualized to your hearts contentment. Satchel's offers numerous toppings all of which are fresh and delicious. Although depending on which you get (I'm looking at you basil) can be sparse. Satchel's calzones are unbelievable, not only cause they taste amazing, to be honest I think I like them more than the pizza, but also because they are MASSIVE. Honestly, the calzones have been known to feed me for at least two days. The sauce that comes on the side is also amazing. Both of the above are great, but Satchel's secret weapon is their SALAD. I have tried to recreate it many-a-time, but to no avail. It may look basic, but it's amazing. As a person who doesn't really like salad unless it has meat in it, Satchel's salad is the only one that truly breaks my rule. I recommend buying the dressing at lightning salvage directly behind the restaurant. Speaking of Lightning Salvage, you'll get to know the store well because of the long waits you'll experience. Other things: Sit in the van, it's fun; the lunch deal is the best bang for your buck and the best way to sample all that Satchel's has to offer; BRING CASH; be ready for sometimes-pretentious hipster servers; give the desserts a chance too, the cake is great
Definitely a cute place to go to... and unique in its decorations. Fun things to look at while you're waiting, etc~ But other than that, their pizza is nowhere near the best that I've had.... it's not very cheap on top of that....and it doesn't look the most sanitary... I don't think I could take my parents here. But it seems like a cool place to chillax with friends. Nothing more. I like their salad a lot though..it has so much crunchy stuff in it- apples, sunflower seeds, maybe almonds? Oh yah it's CASH-ONLY too and many times there are long waits.
Great great service and even better pizza.  We went for a big game day and had surprisingly  little to no wait at all. The owner himself brought us out our pizza and our waitress was a little hipster. We loved her. The pizza was FABULOUS. I mean really really good. It looked like it would be a soft floppy pizza but it was crispy and thin on the bottom. So good. It really made our trip. The Swamphead IPA beer was awesome too. There is usually a line but we were told by a local to order the pizza ahead and sit in the back area and eat it if that was the case. You can also order beer and drinks. The little store in the back is also really great and will keep the kids entertained.  totally cool vintage items. We  also brought our dogs and they were as happy as can be.
Much more tasty than I expected, as I was expecting some over-hyped hipster dive. I really enjoyed their salad and the calzone I ordered. They also had a great beer selection. While I understand their reasoning for the "cash only" policy, it's still irritating to me. Also, some of their "house made" sodas were apparently disgusting, according to others in our party.
Love this place. Salad is great, service is wonderful and pizza is one of the best around Gainesville. The deep dish though is not that great but then again I'm not a deep dish fan. The calzone and Stromboli is good. The only draw back is the size of the restaurant, hence the 4 stars as opposed to 5. Most definitely a place you must try.
I have eaten at Satchel's more times than I can remember, and I confess that the Deep Dish is a glorious pizza.  Everyone seems to be in agreement that the salad, especially the dressing, is the best anywhere.  But the regular pie is just a regular pie, and though a generous size, isn't anything you can't get elsewhere.  The variety of toppings is comprehensive, though.   My biggest complaint is the switch to Pepsi, which is a real let down.  I know, Satchel himself says he doesn't care much for soda anyway, and Pepsi gave him a better deal.  But Coke is the superior pizza drink, and with the switch they no longer offer ginger ale.   How you respond to the overwhelming crowds on any given evening is an important factor.  If you don't get there early enough, you can expect to wait a while for a table.  When the weather is hot, or it's raining, this can be a problem.  But Satchel has added some diversions, and the seating area on the west side of the building is an improvement over the old days.   My advice:  Make your visits to Satchel's at off hours, say, between 2-4 PM.  You'll have your choice of booth, the deep dish will be available, and you can feel way more relaxed and able to converse with your date.  I have spent many a pleasant Friday afternoon this way. Finally, kudos to Satchel for being a good citizen and having the decency to give his employees fair pay, and two regular days off every week.
There's pizza, and then there's Satchel's Pizza. If I'm craving plain old cheap and fast pizza, I go somewhere else. But when I want Satchel's, there's no substitute. I've had pizza all over the country (much of it delicious), but Satchel's is far and away, hands down the best. I have taken friends and family from all over the US and they all agree. Yes, the salad is amazing and to die for too. Yes, the atmosphere is kitschy kool. Yes, Satchel is a really cool guy. But the pizza! Oh, the pizza. And the toppings. I love me some basil pineapple jalapeo spinach pizza. The crust isn't super thin and super crispy as others have described it, but rather just the right thickness and while the outside crust is perfectly crispy, the bottom crust is not. I don't think that would be pleasant. The pizza is filling; two slices is probably enough, but it's so good you'll find you have nothing left to take home no matter what size you get. The outside crust is not only the perfect level of crunchyness, but it's also big and slightly garlicy; Satchel's doesn't offer breadsticks, but trust me, you won't miss them. I don't know why others complained about the "gainesville elite" crowding the place, my experience has been that it draws in an eclectic group of pizza who really only have one thing in common: they love Satchel's pizza. Maybe the scenesters were hanging out there regularly before I knew about the place, but they certainly aren't there now. My only complaint about Satchel's is that if you ask for extra dipping sauce, they charge you for it. While it's not much, for a sauce lover like me I think it's a travesty. Not that it would cause me to hesitate for even a moment to go back and devour some more of that beautiful pie. If Gainesville has anything going for it, it's got to be the good eats. Of all the good eats in Gainesville, Satchel's is hands down the best.
Grab a bumper sticker and get in the van... this little pizza joint is a sensory overload of a restaurant. When you arrive, they give you one of those little UFO-looking things that light up when your table is ready. That's the only thing there that is similar to other restaurants. Don't you fret. With your light-up UFO in hand, head to the back of the joint where you can rummage through their fun and eclectic junk shop where you can find plastic toy figures of Jesus and Albert Einstein as well as bouncy balls and those Chinese paper lamp things (way cool). There's also a full bar in the back where they usually have bands playing. Those bumper stickers that have some funny phrase with the title "Lightning Salvage," yeah, that's where you are right now. If you're UFO hasn't lite up yet, grab a Blue Moon and head to the back porch, where you're sure to meet a few interesting people by the playground turned sitting area. Nice. When the red lights freak out on you, and your pocket begins to vibrate, alas, it's time for some grinds. You have two choices, you can probably sit down and eat your food inside with the revolving art exhibit surrounding you (last time I was there, it was of a kindergarten class's exhibit of cat drawings, which actually were pretty good...clearly I have high art standards). Or you can wait for a ticket to ride, or sit, actually, in the VW van that they tricked out to be a table for 6, or 8 if you want to make friends. I highly recommend that, completely immerse yourself in what is Satchel's. Now it's time to order. They only take cash, so don't be flashin' any plastic around the cashier. And you pay at the register, where you can get your very own Satchel's bumper sticker to be with the rest of the hipsters in town. I approve. Order a Satchel's salad to start, if there's any good advice that's to come out of this. They then have a stellar Pesto Pizza, which is great if you're a vegan or really like tempeh. Or just get whatever you want because all the pizza there rocks some socks. Oh, and get some fresh basil as a vegetable on your pizza. It really makes the dish. To good journeys, my friend ---
I really don't see the complaints about the wait time. You can't rush pizza like this...my pan pizza was ready in 30 minutes, that's pretty quick. I was there at prime time and didn't notice any type of slowdown in service. It was great. The staff was awesome. My pie was incredible. Best I have had outside Chicago. Excellent crust: very flavorful, best consistency. The pepperoni was perfect: salty & spicy. The pizza was done correctly, with a medium brown to the cheese tops and carmelization around the outside edge. I was very surprised to find out that this guy didn't come from Chicago, because this is exactly what Chicago pan pizza is: think Art of Pizza or Lou Malnati's, not Gino's or Giordano's. Great stuff. I'll go there again after I work off the weight I put on during my last visit. As far as the tip about sitting at a bar table so you don't have to tip, well...perhaps if you are considering this, you should just stay home and order some Domino's.
Let me start by saying Satchel's has good pizza...GOOD pizza. The atmosphere is really cool and I always have a great time, but I've never left feeling like they serve an elite tasting pizza. Somebody compared their deep dish to Chicago deep dish which is INSANE! When I ate at Lou Malnati's in Chicago I wanted to invade a castle. No comparison. It's a place you should definitely go if you are visiting Gainesville. Maybe I'm wrong or my taste buds are stupid, but regardless you will enjoy your experience even if you don't think it's the best pizza ever made. Lots of people swear by Satchel's, so go!
Excellent in all areas. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The decor is eclectic and looking at all the cool creations makes waiting for a table go by quickly.  They also have Bocce ball and a playground in the back by the store.  The salad is a must here and the pizza is excellent. They have LOTS of options, even for the vegans! It's hard to be lactose-intolerant when you love pizza BUT they have two different vegan cheese options that are pretty tasty.  We got free cookies at the end because they have to get rid of them on Saturday night (Hint hint) and they were all delicious!!  They also started making their own sodas. We tried the Ginger ale. I would come back JUST for a glass on that. This place is a must for all ages. Just remember to bring cash!
If you ever live in Gainesville give this place a shot.  The atmosphere is unmatched, with its outlandish decor and gift shop.  There is occasionally music and it makes for a wonderful date spot. The Pizza is good, but only Top 5 as far as Gainesville Pizza in my book.  From my half dozen or so experiences the crust is always amazing; and the pizza is always served piping hot. There are plenty of fresh regular and atypical toppings to choose from.  I recommend light sauce. Too many topping may yield a soggy crust as always.  May be an expensive meal when compared to other pizza joints. Beers and Soda by the Bottle. BRING CASH TO PAY! Tues-Sat   11-10 Sun-Mon  Closed
Really cool restaurant and a fun experience but pretty awful food. The pizza is on the thicker side but the crust is just too much and really flavorless. The sauce tastes like any other chain pizza place and the cheese is standard processed mozzarella. If you are a fan of dominos or pizza hut you probably won't find this place to be bad at all but other than to experience the cool atmosphere I wouldn't recommend trying it out.
My first time. I learned what all the hype was about. Awesome pizza!!
Yep, first rate.  I don't eat pizza often, but when I do, this is the place. Mega-topping list, friendly staff, great salad.  This is the real deal. A little out of the way, and a crazy looking place, but worth the trip. satchelspizza.com
Don't get me wrong, the pizza is really good and the ingredients are really fresh, I've never had anything short of yummy. That being said, as a lot of people have already emphasized, the service and wait time are a pain in the ass. Every employee I've encountered has done nothing short of avoid eye contact and give off a very pretentious, entitled, annoying vibe (hello to any mangers/owners reading this: CLEAN HOUSE). The atmosphere and decor is cutesy but not quite as exceptional as they'll have you think. The van converted into a table, however, is really neat (not that it's ever available). The wait time is absolutely ridiculous, it's PIZZA. I've gone there, had to give them my cell number, waited thirty minutes before going to Leonardo's, ordered, ate and was on my way home with my friend before they called me. Stupid. It's really not that good. As far as the pizza itself, it's really tasty and all but not worth the time, hassle, cash only (bullsh*t) policy, bumped prices, and attitude. The best pizza in town is BY FAR Blue Highway, fresh ingredients, dece prices, organic, independent, awesome.
They have good pizza with GREAT crust, but this place hands down gets by on the atmosphere. It's fun and whimsical, and you can tell how much love goes into owning and running it. I'll definitely go back!
The pizza is okay. Skimpy on toppings (and I don't even like a lot of toppings) The Calzones are good and the sauce on the side is perfectly spiced. The salad... DELICIOUS! The dressing yummy and the ingredients work well together. I like that back bar thingy and the bartender (bearded, witty guy, who knows how to look an ugly kid in the eye). They have a play area that I am neutral on. Yes, they tried. However, kids were all over the place and I don't like kids. My daughter did like it, but she did not like the kids either. They were a bunch of pushy little brats. I was told later that, many of them were employee or owner kids. I don't know for sure, so don't go spreading rumors. I hate the atmosphere. Most of the time when I have been there some one is loudly discussing some political cause or how mandatory health care will free the proletariat. I also see far too many local politicians there. Puts me off of my food. On a breezy day, some of the smells emitting from some of the more 'organic' patrons will make your eyes water. Ask me about the chick who smelled like patchouli, unwashed kitty (cooch, for the less refined) and rancid buttermilk. Overall the food is okay and the atmosphere should annoy most people. I don't smoke pot. I suspect that may have something to do with my lack of enthusiasm  about Satchel's.
Satchel's isn't just a restaurant - it's an experience.  Best pizza I've ever had.  I refuse to go to Gainesville without dining at Satchel's and leaving with a pizza to take home with me.  Tips - try the Satchel's Salad & if you have time, go for the deep dish.
So went here a second time for pick up and got some pepperoni pizza and a veggie pizza... the pepperoni must have been rancid because immediately after eating I had to run to the bathroom and had issues the rest of the night. So did the other people in my family.......... we won't be back..... I prefer Leonardo's of Millhopper anyway, the people there are nicer and they accept credit :)
I am boycotting Satchel's. You call that deep dish?  Uh no... And the service, what service? No one can be bothered there.  All they do is take your drink order and your food order.  The people in the kitchen bring out your pizza.  I am so sorry I am paying so much extra for this crappy pizza so you can make your "living wage" and still be a crappy server. The cashier?  Forget about it.  I hope you don't want a to go drink or a cookie. Cash only?  No atm around that won't charge you a fee?  Yes, it is so. The salad is good, but not worth it.  The pizza is just okay.  I'll take real Chicago pizza over this any day. And they treated someone we know who worked there like they were disposable.  Which besides all the reasons we mentioned above it why we are boycotting it.     Satchel, how many reviews do you need telling you your staff is the crappiest wait staff in town?  And you treated the only decent employee you had there like crap.   I would sooner order from Five Star then eat here again.  And that's saying a lot.
We'll definitely return. The sodas are all made in-house... & they're super tasty. The pizza was decent, though I can't wait to try a calzone. The dessert menu comes on ViewMasters from the 1980s. This place is all personality & charm. The wait staff was wonderful; it was obvious we're new to the area & they answered all our questions. But don't just check out the pizza...the Salvage Yard area is where the fun happens w/live music & local beers. Like I said, we'll definitely go back. :)
"Satchel's" is a restaurant that is constantly on lists of things to do while in Gainesville. Now, this may be because any list of things to do in Gainesville is woefully short, but Satchel's Pizza is a place best to be avoided (which is easy considering its location).   As for that location, Satchel's is located on the east side of town, the "older" part of the city, to put it nicely. Upon arriving, one must navigate possibly the worst planned out parking lot of any in town, taking special care not to get backed into by people leaving. Behind the restaurant is a junk shop, which some find endearing and I find tacky. However, due to the nature of Satchel's, it pretty much fits.   The service, to be blunt, is terrible.  The pretentious hipster types who wait the tables seem to be only interested in serving you as quick as possible then forgetting about you, which is fine because they weren't friendly whatsoever.  Maybe it's just me, I'm not really into the tattoos and facial piercings. The food is very underwhelming. The salad is ok, but nothing special. the vaunted pizza is probably some of the worst I have ever eaten. It tastes kind of like the kind you buy in the store, as long as you overcook it so its as hard as a rock. Satchel's pizza crust is thick and heavy, and the toppings are, well, toppings. I find that the crust generally makes the pizza, and the pizza crust at Satchel's is gross. The finishing touch on Satchel's is that when you go to the register, they only accept cash. Apparently, the people who run the show either fall into the "credit cards are evil" category, or the "we don't claim all of our income on our taxes" category. I think both categories would be fitting of this place. Either way, the owners would rather inconvenience their customers than accept credit cards, and I think that is very telling.   In the end, Satchel's is a place that some Gainesville locals rave about, and swear by. It is a hangout for the hipster types of today and ancient hippies and other rabble that came to college in the 70's and never left. I've been to this restaurant probably three times, and left feeling the same each time. When I leave Gainesville in a few months for good, I'll safely say that I will not miss Satchel's, or those annoying bumper stickers.
Went to Satchel's the other night, I really thought I'd reviewed them before. I'm on the 'still good to great pizza but they ain't all that' bandwagon, that hasn't changed since my first visit. I had a calzone, and for 12.50, it really should have been ALL THAT. It was good, but I was expecting more than just 'good'. I can do 'good' in my own kitchen. The salads I've had were  awesome, the pizza is good to great. But everything from the point to when you pull in the driveway is cramped  and the hurry up and wait atmosphere doesn't quite do it for me. I still need to get down to Blue Highway Pizza in Micanopy...
Was not at all pleased... long wait... does not accept credit cards because they don't want to support corporations, according to the menu, however they don't mind if I pay the same corporation an ATM fee. I don't really enjoy scorched dough with cheese on it, but apparently that is their signature. Considering all of the hippie decor, one would expect they are friendly to vegans... however, we ordered a slice of vegan cheese pizza, and the server who takes complex pizza orders on his iPhone came back and said, "Sorry, you have to get the Indie pizza which isn't on the menu." So we ordered that, and he came back and said, "Sorry, you have to get the medium pizza." So I ordered the vegan girl who was with me a $25 pizza, who only wanted a slice. Meanwhile, I had the scorched earth pizza, which was OK but not my kind of thing... I believe my bill for two people and a pitcher of beer was something like $50 with a tip? I have never felt so ripped off in my life...
This place is so much fun. Staff was really fun and made the experience truly delightful. We split a small salad (serves 4) and I really love the variety of toppings. Next time I will definitely add feta and ham because there was a lack of saltiness in it. Pizza was right on in flavor. Good crust, good quality toppings, great flavor in the sauce. Definitely would order extra spicy sausage next time because it was SO awesome. This place will definitely have a return customer!
I was very, very nervous about going to Satchel's for the first time.  Everyone kept telling me that it was "awesome" without giving specifics - never a good sign. Then I actually tasted their food and became a (semi) convert.  Despite the almost-desperate hippie-hipster vibe going on, I liked the food.  The salad draws me back more than the pizza, to be honest, but the pizza is probably the best (and freshest) in Gainesville.  I particularly like their calzones and the meatball pizza. The service has been good at each of my visits, but the wait has not.  I'm not very patient and would prefer to go almost anywhere else rather than wait 45 minutes, an hour, more...so I carefully plan my visits to make sure they fall only in off-hours.  Even without the wait to be seated, it takes a loooooong time to get your food here. I also always make sure that I'm not driving when we go here, since parking is a nightmare: carpooling is a must if you're going in a group.  Make sure that everyone in your group has cash, because they don't accept credit. Word to the wise: if it's summer, don't sit in the VW van.  There's a reason that no one else wanted to sit in it when the ambient temperature outside is 95 degrees.  Save yourself from heatstroke and wait for a real table!
I had lunch here while in the area for business.  The food was delicious, the service was super friendly, and the decor was fun.  I got the slice and salad special.  Toppings i chose were sausage, basil, and onions.  The slice was thin crust but sturdy and not too thin.  Everything was very fresh.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  They seem to have a good system where the servers all share tables instead of assigning one person per table.  Anyone walking by your table would stop and ask if you needed refills on drinks or anything else.  Overall I enjoyed my lunch here and would recommend it to anyone visiting Gainesville.
Yep, I'm a fan!  I came here with my friend, her husband, and her two little kids, and we got to sit in the van outside.  :)  The whole place is like a funky little collector's wonderland with quirky crafts abounding.  You can write on the walls and tables inside of the van to make your mark if you like, and everything is kind of mismatched and helter skelter in a fun way only kids who never grow up can do.   We had an order of salad to share, which was refreshing, with a nice, light dressing.  We split a large pizza plus 2 extra slices among the adults- you get 8 big slices on a large pie, and you can do half and half for the toppings to kind of mix it up, or you can also just order pizza by the slice. We went with bacon and pineapple on half, which was a great combo, and ricotta, artichokes, bacon, and garlic, which was also really yummy-- just make sure you know what you're getting into though-- they don't mess around with their garlic!  (I actually had one slice leftover and took it on the early AM flight with me back to San Diego, and I am pretty sure my full flight wasn't very appreciative of it.  Ha!) The pizza's thin crust, and the crust is really tasty, especially if you dip it in the marinara sauce they bring with the calzones.  My friend's daughter had a huge calzone stuffed with peppers and cheese- it was way too big for her, but yay for leftovers!  My friend's son is vegan because of food allergies, and he was able to have his own personal vegan pizza to enjoy along with us, which was cool. Portions are generous, service is fun and friendly, the atmosphere is one of a kind, and the food is fresh and tasty.  A perfect place to go for pizza night.
This place is always packed, and more than likely you'll have to wait to eat.  With that said, I'm not really sure why.  The pizza is very average to me.  The environment is ok.  I'm just not sure I understand what I'm missing here.
Look, it's okay and everything, but I'm from Chicago, so pizza anywhere else in the country is just kinda there.
duh. this place is a no brainer. i come here EVERY TIME i come back to gville. even if it's only for a day. pizza is amazing- crispy and with ultra fresh ingredients. i am forever trying to recreate their salad in every deli across the country- never really come close. and the place is just cool. there is no denying it. it pretty much embodies the spirit of gainesville. creative and laid back and simple and straightforward. with a little cheekiness thrown in for good measure. i always end up with a bag of some trinkets from lightnin salvage, too. one downside- everyone brings their kids. i am a firm believer than every parent needs to be willing to walk away from dinner if their child is screaming. but apparently not everyone else thinks that. and it's not satchels' fault...but...it is annoying.
WOW what a super cool place!! This pizza place is like no other! It has a very laid back hippie vibe. You walk in and there's a van that people have signed, but it's gets better, there's people sitting in the van eating! We walked towards the back and there's a store with the most random things inside. There was also a bar and people eating pizza. We sat inside and it was very homey and cute. We got to try the soda the server made and it was pretty close to the pepsi (you just don't get free refills on their soda). We ordered 2 mama mia pizza's and a steak and cheese calzone (there were 5 of us and we were starving). It was deeeeeelicious! the cheese from the calzone was never ending and they added some galric sauce to the bottom which gave it a nice flavor. The marinara sauce was really good too and I really hate marinara sauce. The pizza was amazingggg! Toppings were loaded in every inch of the pizza, the cheese was oozing and the crust was thin. We had sooo much pizza to take home, but no complaints there! Very yummy and the best pizza I've had in a long time!! :) *Keep in mind the pizza does take about half an hour to cook to try to order when you order your drinks* ***THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH*** but there's an atm inside the restaurant
While the food here is pretty darn good I just can not see spending the hours it takes to eat here sometimes.  I try to only go there in the mid-afternoon when it is not so crowded.  All the extra activities are good for children because no kid wants to wait an hour for pizza when they would be just as happy at Hungry Howies.  If you go and there is a long wait for a table just go across the streeet to the Ole Barn bar, which is one of the best dive bars ever and the beer is much cheaper than from the junk shop.  I also wish the would take care of the Bocce ball court so you could play a decent game.
Overrated but great pizza.  They offer a ton of toppings and the Satch Salad is awesome!  Satchel's is a nice break from the many chain pizza stores around Gainesville, but be prepared for a wait.
First off, this is based off one experience only...and it was take out.  So, now that's out of the way, I personally was a BIG fan.  The joint is completely eclectic with hodge podge decor everywhere (which I am a fan of).  Now...the pizza.  We were most curious about the deep dish (which they had already sold out of), so we opted for a large 4 topping.  It was HUGE.  The pizza itself was quite tasty...only bummer is that driving back home 20 minutes made it not as nearly as hot.  The salad we got also deliveried...HUGE.  This joint doesn't cut you short on anything.  I'd most def try this place again for the deep dish and calzones.
Not worth the wait. The pizza is good but not amazing, their famous salad is not good (I make much better salads at home). Also, the place just looks really dirty in there and the servers also look greasy and like they haven't showered. The people who work there are weirdo hippies and they hate capitalism (they don't accept credit cards because they don't want to give money to banks...umm the reason why restaurants pay banks is for the convenience that credit cards provide their customers, without this convenience it makes the customer experience just a little bit worse).
What more can I say, but yuuuuuummy!  I love the way that the pizza has this nice thin crispy crust and how they put some garlic oil on the crust, to give it that little extra ooomph!  Their sauce is just perfectly seasoned and sweet.  They also have a great variety of toppings (I love the steak, ricotta, and basil combo)  The calzones are also great, they are stuffed full of toppings and are so huge.  Last but not least, even if you don't like salad, you will LOVE the salad here.  The dressing is incredible (and you can buy a bottle of it).  I have never had a dissapointing meal here, so keep up the good work Satchel's!!
Place is good, well worth the wait. Order a whole pie because thats probably the best thing to order. I like the salad as well. The environment is nice, there is a small shop behind the restaurant that sells a bunch of junk too.
I kind of think Satchel's is a little overrated... but still if you live in Gainesville it's like a right of passage to go here! Delicious pizza, especially if you like thin crust.
Everyone loves Satchel's. There's always a wait, but it's a wait worth while. Even their salad is fabulous!
ive been twice... the ladder against my will. with every bone in my body i will resist another return visit. I would sooner starve.
This is the kind of food where if you move away from Gainesville you have to eat here if you come back. It is memorable. It has ecclectic charm. Fun stylin atmosphere. The pizza has so many options fresh garlic fresh basil....FRESH FRESH FRESH! The salad is so huge you need to share it. It has a unique dressing, chopped apples and overall healthy goodness. I just wish it was closer in town, I will take the drive no other place in town can hold a candle to this place. Why do you think so many people proudly advertise with their bumper stickers? The bumper stickers have cute sayings granted but the food JUST ROCKS!
Just to set the record straight, the van is clearly not a VW van. I'm pretty sure that it is a Ford, to be specific the 1961 to 1967 E-Series "Falcon" van. You can even see the Falcon logo on the side of the van.
Satchel's is one of the reasons I don't absolutely loathe the occasional return to Gainesville. The salad alone can make a fine meal, but the pizza takes it a step further into the territory of the sublime. I don't mind a wait to get to the joy of sinking my teeth into one of their delicious pies -- if anything, the anticipation makes it even more rewarding. Bring cash, be prepared to enjoy the company of your friends/family if there's a wait, and think of the upcoming tastiness. Sure, nothing is perfect for everyone, but Satchel's is pretty darn close for me!
Still as good as I remember years ago.  The pizza crust is perfectly seasoned and cooked and the toppings are great (for both regular and white pizzas).  And the salads are spectacular!
gluten-free pizza... you serve that and you automatically get 4 stars without question this is a food I never get to eat.. the fact that I could eat pizza made me happier than a pig in shit. well maybe that's not the best expression. You wait a while for the food but there is beer to be drank .. conversation to be had.. strange shit to look at.. and music sometimes.. sigh.. too bad this place is 1,000 miles from home. also.. the salad is really killer..
I was hoping that this place would blow me out of the water.  They didn't have garlic rolls, I can live with that.  I ordered a cheese and bbq tempeh slice.  The wait was not that long.  There is enough on the walls and ceiling to keep you entertained.  When the slices came out I was underwhelmed by their size.  The sauce is zesty, I personally likes it.  The cheese was okay.  The BBQ tempeh was really good!!!  I would give it a 2 and a half star if possible, I'll extend it to a 3 because of the cool stuff on property.
This place is set amongst an antique store/junk shop. We passed it the first time we drove by, I'm so glad we turned around! Our waitress was full on hipster with unwashed braided hippie hair and a cool attitude. They take your order on iPhones for serious! The pizza was seriously. Seriously delicious. It does not get better. We got the "deep dish" with trio of sausage peps and onions. Husband commented that it wasn't true deep dish with the sauce on top. Really like the best pan pizza ever. Crispy crust and fresh hot super pizza! Also salads are delish too if you're into rabbit fare. Top 10! Not a fan of the Gators, but I'd go back to Gainsville for Satchels! Roll Tide ;)
There's simply no way to give Satche's less than 5 stars. For those that gave it 2 or 3 stars, I can only come to the conclusion that they are trying to be the cool rebel to slam Satchel's as being just average (or they're simply stupid). If you really think Satchel's is jacked up Domino's, just give up Yelp, no one is going to respect your opinion. In any case... The pizza kicks ass and is simply the best NY style pizza in town and it's not even close. The dough is firm and crispy and the crust is delicious. They also have a ton of options for toppings. How many places ask you red or white when you ask for onion or red or green when you ask for peppers? And the slices are simply huge. Everyone says the salads are excellent, but let's be real, I'm a man and I'm not going to a pizza joint to get a damn salad. The calzones are really good too. I just finished off the second half of a calzone with pepperoni, sausage, onions, and peppers. Easily big enough to make 2 meals out of it. I do wish they'd cook the onions/peppers some, as it's kind of like eating raw veggies when you bite into it, but it's not enough to take away a star for just that. Though good, for $3 or $4 cheaper, the calzones at Piesano's not only taste better, but are also a little bigger. Glad they've reopened now, I missed the occasional lunch there.
Perhaps it's redundant or pointless to offer yet another opinion on Satchel's, the quirky pizza joint that is the de facto standard of Gainesville pizza culture. If you were to ask most Gainesville residents what the best pizza joint in town is, most of the time they'd say, without hesitation, Satchel's. I'm not sure I'd go that far, but the place does have an intriguing charm and quite good pizza and salads. I'll preface all that I have to say about Satchel's with one semi-obvious (at least to any Gainesville resident) point of advice: Don't go to Satchel's if you are in a hurry. There is a very long wait to be seated no matter when you no go (though you can shave a couple minutes off that wait time if you're willing to sit in the gutted 1960s VW van that they've stuck some tables in). And you'll have to wait a while for your food once you sit down, too. Luckily, this wait is part of the Satchel's experience, so it isn't a massive negative as it would be at many places. Satchel's is rife with distractions to ease your impatience. Most nights you can catch some live, local music, and there is always the bocce court and abundance of eccentric decoration and memorabilia. Perhaps most notably, Satchel's also houses Lightnin' Salvage, a junk store. If you're unfamiliar with this concept, it's hard to pin down. They have cheap novelty toys, Satchel's souvenirs, a museum of junk (found items, local collections, neat garbage, etc), and all kinds of other random stuff. The interior of Satchel's itself usually lends it's walls to all sorts of art from local artists. With all these things going for it, if one were to rate Satchel's for atmosphere, it would certainly receive a ten out of ten. My girlfriend and I headed to Satchel's after a long day of driving knowing what to expect. We indulged in all the bizarre attractions of the place, except for bocce, which was unfortunately monopolized by misbehaving kids. We eventually were seated in the front of the van, a cramped but fun place to sit. We ordered their signature Satch Salad and a medium The Major pizza. If this hadn't filled us up, we may have tried one of their well-spoken of desserts, but we never made it that far. The rest of the menu is what you'd expect for a pizza joint. In addition to their standard pizza and Satch salad, they have calzones and (sometimes) a deep dish version of their pizza. Our salad arrived and, being starving, we tore into it. Simply put, it's a really good salad - at least in theory. It's got two kinds of lettuce, romano, tomato, nuts, sunflower seeds, carrots, onions and cucumbers. Perhaps most tasty are the slices of apple and the house vinagrette; it's these two ingredients that make the salad distinctly Satchel's. All in all, it's tasty. Unfortunately, ours was lukewarm on this particular visit. A cool greens salad should be chilled, or at least cool; it isn't that hard to manage. I'm fine with the long waits and so-so service at Satchel's because it's part of the experience and it can be fun, but they should take all that time to do the food right. But it wasn't all bad, because I still enjoyed the salad (in my opinion, it's good enough to be enjoyed no matter the temperature). Our pizza eventually arrived, big and greasy and loaded with pepperoni, green peppers, onions, sausage, onions, and olives atop a heaping of cheese and sauce. It not a cheap pizza at $20 for a medium, but it's a good one. There's not too much to say about good pizza when you're hungry - it's just good. And Satchel's makes good pizzas. They don't skimp on anything and their sauces and toppings are full of flavor and of high quality. Is it the best pizza in town (or in the world, as some would have you believe)? I don't know. It's good, but I think I've had better (that might have come with a cool salad!). Blue Highway Pizza in Micanopy is certainly a contender. And maybe Satchel's is bit overpriced, too (we spent about $30 on a medium pizza and small salad with no drinks). But that's beside the point. Satchel's food is all quite tasty, and the surroundings make it a whole experience. Throw in it's status as a cultural icon in Gainesville, and it's almost certainly worth a visit sometime (or several times). You certainly won't regret it, regardless of whether it's actually the best pizza in town, or in the world, or in whatever other hyperbolic realm people use to describe it. Note that Satchel's is cash only, but has a small ATM. They are closed on Sundays and Mondays.
I don't understand all the backlash against the atmosphere/wait times; the place is constantly packed for a reason. They could probably open another place next door and it'd be packed, too. Whatever the wait, it's worth it for a deep dish pizza to die for with the freshest topings you could ask for (many grown on site). On an off night the salad is just great, occasionally it's the main attraction.
Yummy! The sauce makes the pizza! Salads are great too! Not much else to say.  This is the only place that I know of that offers their employees 401, health and salary. They take care of their employees who in turn pass on the good service and good food to patrons!
I've lived in Gainesville for four years and just went to Satchel's for the first time a few weeks ago. Satchel's is obviously ridiculously hyped in Gainesville and as I found out, it's for good reason. The food is definitely worth that hype as the pizza is certainly the best I've had in a long time. It's sitting through the ridiculous waits and paying the premium prices that makes Satchel's a tough place to become a part of your regular dining. It's certainly worth it to go if you've never been and for special occasions, but be prepared to wait and to pay a little more than you're used to paying for pizza.
A great place for pizza. Everyone in G'ville has heard about satchels and there's a reason for it. Their pizzas are really good. If you get a chance, their deep dish pizzas are the best pizzas around. The place is really uniquely decorated and they have an old blue van that you can eat in as well. The downsides to the place is that it is cash only and is located kinda far out for the average student. Their salads are very good as well in case you're thinking it's only a pizza place. It's definitely one of the places you have to eat at if you're in G'ville.
What can be said about Satchel's that hasn't already been said? It's good pizza, good salad, a good atmosphere. The fact that they only accept cash shouldn't be a huge deterrent. The parking situation does get interesting on busy nights though.
Pretty ecclectic and hippie,..but cool none the less...indoor and outdoor seating....decent service,...pretty good pie! Hidden treasure in Gainesville! Lots of local and IPA beers!
The absolute best pizza and salad ever. It is a great rival to Sacramento's Zelda's, but a tough choice as to who's tops. As far as Gainesville goes - or all of the southeast for that matter, no contest.
Very good pizza and salads.  The atmosphere is pretty tacky, but they seem to embrace it.
Don't get me wrong, the food is very good by Gainesville standards. The atmosphere somewhat defines Gainesville. That said, it seems as if extra effort was made to make the place as inconvenient as possible to dine: epic wait times; expensive for what it is; cash only and the help could not care less. One really must put in the right amount of effort to properly enjoy Satchels. The guy is a marketing genius with bumper stickers everywhere and like I said the product is not bad. They really play into the "feel good side of things" which goes a long way in this town. They are always packed and It's hard to blame them.
Best food in Gainesville.  Their deep dish pizza is particularly good.  It's a small menu, but who goes to a pizza place looking for anything else?
Great pizza! Crust was perfectly done,sauce was well balanced with the other ingredients. It's hard to find good pizza in Fl, but when you do gems like this shine on like a crazy diamond!
It's good. They really toss the dough which is fun. Little kids stare at the dough throwers. I do too. Dunno what it is about thrown dough that tastes so good but I like it.
First time at Satchel's since the fire, and we had lunch there today. It's every bit as wonderful as we would expect. We got the Major (a large, of course). Satchel's is excellent, not just for its unique atmosphere and local charm, but for the fantastic pizza they're still serving. We ordered a thin crust that was crispy and delicious, the sauce is perfect, as always, and the pizza size is as generous as ever. We love it there, and are happy to continue to patronize this local jewel. Thanks, Satchel!
All the hype has made this place divisive, but the few things Satchel's does, the restaurant does very well. Great atmosphere. Downsides: pricey for pizza, long waits on weekends, long waits for food when busy. It's still one of my favorites though.
Satchel's has this unique air about them, I mean how could they not? They have a freaking awesome water mill made out of trash and a souvenir shop with all kinds of crazy cool stuff ranging from bandanas, wallets made out of trash, funny religious collectible figures...you name it. Their deep dish is as good as it gets, and no matter where you are from, you want to try theirs. No Chicago style pizza can compare to it. Their servers are really nice and friendly but you really need to either make a reservation or be willing to wait for a while because it will be full. Parking is almost impossible but we have always managed, and the waiting is okay because you can hang out at their souvenir shop or listen to any of the bands playing in there. What sucks about them is their cash only policy, for everything, including the souvenir shop. Also, they have certain drinks at the shop that they don't have while you are dining so that if you want some of those you need to go out and get them yourself. In any case, they burned down a few months ago and now they are back in business, which is great because they are the best Gainesville has to offer! Just don't order by the slice and get a deep dish.
Best place ever. I lived in G-ville for some quite time... I moved away but this place always has a special place in my heart. I am moving to Austin, TX but I am making a pit stop sometime this week just to eat at this damn pizza joint. Love your salad, love your pizza and love your atmosphere. Great food and great memories because of this awesome ass place!!
I actually like the salads here more than the pizza, but this place gets a four-star-YUM rating from me.  I love reading the ever-changing menu and the cozy, kid-friendly feel of the place.  On the downside, cash-only is a drag, and this is the only place that induced pregnancy related nausea (odoriferous!) but I'll be back soon!   Looking forward to Lightning Salvage!
Overrated! Yeah, it's an eclectic place, big deal.  The service is horrible, and they make you feel like you're lucky to be served by them.  The pizza is good, not the best in the wold.  The salad is good and pretty unique except for the fact that Big Lou's sells almost the same salad without the "alternative" waitress with a tude.  So, if you're looking for a place that will take you forever to get a table this is it.  I would say that it is a good place for a date, ambiance and pizza always works for the ladies.  Oh, by the way, Satchel's doesn't take credit cards; so if you do go there on a date bring cash, or it might be your last date.
I hate to admit it, but Satchel's is delicious. Their service sucks, the fact they don't take credit cards sucks, sure. I want to hate Satchel's, but their crust is so, so good. Their calzones are amazing. They have a great selection of toppings. They're cheap. They have a van to eat in. And the salad, my god, the SALAD. I love that salad with feta cheese on it, oh my god. Satchel's is good. Go on a weeknight to avoid the wait. If you are stuck waiting, at least you can go shopping in Lightning Salvage.
Amazing salads but I think their pizza I a little overrated. A little pricey compared to other pizza joints in Gainesville.
Steak and cheese calzone! BEST I'VE EVER HAD ANYWHERE!
Great Ingredients, Great salads, long wait: This place is popluar so there is usually a wait. Service is good. The pizzas and calzones are excellent, and the salads are as well. Remember to bring cash as they do not accept cards.  Decor is very interesting... not too many restaurants have tables inside of an old van.
i liked robert's original review way better than that lame replacement.  you pussy. that said, satchel's is rad and was the home of my last meal as a gainesville resident.  their pizza is good.  the tempeh is awesome and they have an amazing vegan pizza.  but the atmosphere is the real reason i used to go to satchel's, i think.  i don't know why i want to eat in that bus.  does anyone? i know in my brain that its cramped and typically too hot or too cold, but something about it... just something.  my friends and acquaintances working the table that i'm sharing with a bunch of strangers.  silently judging their choice in pizza.   lightnin' salvage, though. i get it but i don't approve of it. thanks for giving me something to pretend to do while i wait anxiously for my cell phone to ring with your pre-recorded message, but i don't know why i'd want to own the large majority of that garbage. i'd like to hit the satch when i'm back in gville, but something tells me it won't be the same when i go back.  you can't go home again.
Simply the best.  When I'm in the mood for pizza, only Satchel's will do.  People complain about the wait and the funky atmosphere, but to me that's all part of the total Satchel's experience.  I love to take out-of-towners here because there's nothing else like Satchel's.
Quite possibly the most over-rated pizza I've ever had. Its not that Satchel's isn't good. Its pretty good pizza. It tastes like it has good quality ingredients. I've had both their thin crust and thick crust pizzas. They're both really decent. But its only slightly better than what you could get at a chain, if not the same.   The atmosphere is hit or miss. I was in the van once and this guy came up to us saying that he needed some change for dental work that he needed. He proceeded to show us his oral cavity. I guess I should expect this, coming from the east side of town. This place is also cash only.  Which can be a problem because this place is pricey too. At $20-30 per pizza, you better have cash on you, or use the ATM machine they have inside. Everyone says you've gotta have Satchel's when you come to Gainesville. And they're right. Because you might like it more than I liked it. But I won't make the same mistake three times.
Lives up to the hype. Our pizza and salad were delicious and we enjoyed the couple of nice beers we ordered. It was packed and we waited but ended up with a nice table on the glassed in patio - had cool live plants around it. Will be back for sure! Did not like the system of using the cell phone instead of a buzzer to signal your table is ready.
Whats with all the hating in Satchels reviews lately??  This place is fricken amazing!!  The first thing I do every time I come back to Titletown is go straight to Satchels. Thinking about their food is making me salivate all over the keyboard right now.  Granted the service is kinda crappy (they do communal tips, which I believe is why their waiters dont care how bad they treat you), the food FAR makes up for it.  If you have a problem with their ATM, bring cash with you!  Oh, and I am one of those douchebags who had 3304930493049 of their bumper stickers.
I love the salad so much that I have tried to replicate it at my house (I get it with the ham). I always take out-of-towners here because it is fun. Even when I have to wait for an hour, I can hang out in the barn and have a beer.  Good times.
UPDATE (1/14/2010): Came back to Satchel's recently for old time's sake and had a surprisingly pleasant experience. Food and service were both darn good. Still a cash-only affair - yuck - but otherwise no complaints. Overall, a solid two-star improvement. Well done, Satchel's!
CASH ONLY. Great pizza and calzones. Good relaxed "hippie" ambiance. Can eat inside, outside, on the porch, or in an old V.W. Van.
Always Excellent Service, Excellent Atmosphere, and Fun.  I get the same thing every time, it's too good to stop and try something different... Millet & Flaxseed Pizza topped with broccoli, spinach, zuchinni, and feta... NO SAUCE.  You have to order a whole pizza, it's not cheap.  Including the Satchel's garden salad and a Medium Pizza was $29 last night, two waters included, but three slices of pizza leftover for today's lunch.  You're paying for the funky atmosphere, there's always a crowd and you have to enjoy the place, there's just too much to look at and awe over.  The staff GETS IT, so that's my biggest thrill, they are all seasoned and perfectly responsible and tuned in to your needs.
Satchel's is the best. Aside from great pizzas and salads, the atmosphere is what makes it: live music, funky art, curio shop, playground, etc. We visit Gville every year from San Francisco I always look forward to our Satchel's nights.
Keep on keeping it simple. Though pizza and I have had to take a break for my own good I still feel inclined to say satchels is tasty. I miss it and know if I return that they will be here, real, local and good... and probably with a wait so call it in!
We went on homecoming weekend at UF and the place was packed, but the wait was very minimal and the staff has busy days down to an art! It's tough to say what was best. . .the staff, the atmosphere, or the food.  Do NOT miss out on the salad. . .hands down one of the best I've ever eaten (and you can purchase the dressing in the gift shop).  We followed it up with slices that were perfectly cooked and loaded with amazingly fresh toppings. Remember to bring cash, as they don't accept cards or checks. . .but don't miss this place!  It's a Titletown regular in our books now!
Great pizza. High quality ingredients. My only complaint is the long wait when you try to eat at the restaurant.  We usually call in and pick up.  We get a Mama with 4 toppings. The meatballs are delicious!
Boyfriend, who doesn't eat salad, claims this salad is the best he's ever had (although he still didn't like it, haha).  Also the best pizza.  Quirky atmosphere and friendly waitstaff.  Yes, it's a long wait; yes, it's a bit spendy.  But come on.  I'm not saying go every week: I'm saying I drove from St. Augustine to Gainesville today with the sole intention of having dinner here.  And oh my CHRIST the deep dish!  Unnnnf.  Definitely go!
I like their salads.  I like their pizza.  I love their rolls.  It is fun loving atmosphere.  I don't mind being judged by the hippies that are always here, becuase the food is great.  The junk store is awesome but weird.  It is in the most horrible location but I guess it is a destination.  A hideout in the middle of the industrial ghetto.
SO COOL! Amazing pizza and one of my favorite restaurants to just look around at the walls. Eat in the van and buy a kazoo!
One of the best places in Gainesville!! A little far to drive to on a regular basis, but it is worth it! Prices are a little more expensive than dining closer to UF campus, and sometimes the place gets very busy and wait time gets long- but again, it's all worth it. MUST try the Satchel Salad (best I've ever had). The servers are always friendly and pleasant- and the atmosphere is truly unique. Love it. If you have time to pay Satchel's a visit, it's always going to be a great experience. You can even browse the junk shop afterwards!
I've eaten pizza in a lot of big cities.  I have to say that even when I go to NYC I still compare the pizza I eat up there to Satchel's.  Satchel's has a great atmosphere.  It pulls off being a bohemian college town spot without pretense.  All the people there are nice.  Satchel usually shows up and asks us how everything is.  Oh yeah, I crave their salads and that's saying something since I'm a meat-a-tarian.
One of my favorite places to go in Gainesville, a place that makes it worth living here. I like the gluten free crust, pesto base, tempeh pizza and I also usually get zucchini, spinach, mushrooms, and broccoli on it. Marvelous. And I love that they have good taste in their music tapes and a live music area in the back. I like the fun little van in front as well though i haven't eaten in it like the students do. I like that I can order and get take out there. I like it that they have an imagination.
After a year of living in Gainesville I finally decided to have dinner at Satchels. This place is legendary in the area and Ill admit, the pizza is quite good. Very thin and well cooked. Not a ton of toppings, but a nice and light, although slightly greasy pizza. The salad is also quite good. The main selling point for this place is the atmosphere. If it looked like any other pizza place or sports bar I dont think it would be as popular. If you are in Gainesville and want a good slice of non-chain pizza, def give Satchels a try.
While we didn't think the pizza was anything unusual, Satchel's is definitely a place you need to visit sometime, because of the decor and ambiance.  It's a hodge-podge of places to eat (there are even 2 tables INSIDE an old van with the back doors open):  porch, inside, a back building, lots of excitement and people, live music sometimes.  There is a "store"  with a jim-jam of quirky things to buy (or at least look at), many of which I have never seen anywhere else.  Examples:  tins of mints with odd sayings, a hamburger and bun that is actually a coin purse.  And of course, there is the famous wad of lint on display (you'll have to read the explanation that goes with that). So we had a great time. One caveat:  we went for the gluten-free pizza, double-checked before we were seated that they had gluten-free pizza, and then were dismayed to read in the menu that the "gluten-free" pizza "has traces of gluten".  And the price was really high.  We went ahead and risked it, and didn't get visibly ill, but it could definitely be a concern for gluten-free celiacs.
This is my favorite restaurant to drink SwampHead in.  Thanks for rebuilding after the fire Satch!
Mhhhmmm.... Satchel's, not only is their pizza something to write home about, going to the restaurant is an experience in and of itself. I don't live in Gainesville anymore but have fond, fond memories of Satchel's...the junk store, the VW van, Satchel himself running around, the tree house you can eat in (hope it's still there!). They really know how to satisfy my green olive addiction, that was my go to slice and they cover that sucker in olives. Never pass up the satch salad either, it's a perfect mix of ingredients and the dressing is nice and light. Yes there's usually a wait but that just affirms how good it is.  There's always something to do during the wait such as sifting through the retro toys in the junk store, last time I was there they had bocce ball. I've talked with Satchel on a couple of occasions and you can tell that pizza is truly his passion. I almost started crying upon hearing that there was a fire, from the looks of their blog it seems as if things are back to normal now. Thank God! I want many generations of college students and locals to be able to experience Satchel's.
Wow! What a scam! First, Pizza sucks had MUCH MUCH MUCH better. 2nd $36 for a pizza and small salad and water, are you kidding me for this cheap crap!!!! 3rd CASH ONLY! "but you can use the ATM we OWN and pay a FEE"!  They claim the ATM proceeds go to charity. BS only $500 goes to charity by their own claim and I did the numbers by watching everyone going to the ATM, they are making way more than $500. This guy is cleaining up. I have to say he is smart, very smart.. He created an almost cult like following and people will pay anything and wait for an HOUR to get seated for PIZZA! I find it funny how most of the crowd that goes there HATE corp America yet they are being totally scammed by this guy who over charges for pizza and makes you think he's a great charitable guy but when you really look at it you see a well thought out scam. Save your money don't bother with this place unless you like overpaying for everything, or if you just want to hang out which is what I see a lot of people do there.
WOW, it was great. Satchel's is comparable to the great Bianco. Leftovers left me wanting to go back again. Leaving town is the only thing keeping me away. I fully endorse this joint as a pizza destination. Reminder this ain't no pizza hut and rightfully so.
Really expensive, always a really long wait on the weekends, and strangely enough they only take cash. It's pretty much the definition of hipster restaurant. Luckily the quality of the food more than makes up for all the bullshit.
Don't pass this place up. Great atmosphere and food. Service is friendly. Favorite is the feta spinach and tomato deep dish.
This is hands down the best pizza in Florida. We love it so much we had our rehearsal dinner there.  The decor is so funky, the wait staff is always prompt and quirky, and the food is outstanding.  We love to head there for their 6.50 lunch special that includes their salad and a one topping slice of pizza.  This is no ordinary house salad. It comes with chopped romaine, carrots, tomato, apple, sunflower seeds, walnuts, Romano cheese, and their homemade dressing which is so popular they bottle and sell it.  The salad is light and refreshing. The pizza slices are huge with a spicy marinara sauce, buttered garlic crust and toppings galore to chose from that appeal to the vegan and carnivore alike. They are thin with a pillowy crust and I generally start at the back of my slice first because when it is piping hot it is magic.  This place is cash only and so worth it.  No trip to Gainesville is complete without a stop here.
One of my favorite restaurants in town. These guys have the best pizza in the area and delicious salads to along with them. The environment is fun and lively. Great place to have a birthday dinner or the like. Next door is Lightning Salvage where you can buy oddities and trinkets, have a beer, and play bocce ball. The place is usually packed so you'll wind up waiting here. Hey, beats sitting on a bench tossing one of those waiting vibrators around.
I LOVE Satchel's. Their salad,pizza, and calzones have never let me down. Their salads are my favorite because they come with apples and an ample amount of walnuts and almonds. The dressing is perfect; it is light enough to feel like you're eating a healthy salad. Their pizza slices are big and the crust is flavorful.Their calzones are tasty as well. Not only does this place have great food but it also offers a cool environment. I love the odds and ends that make up Satchel's  and also the little junk shop out back. I have never had an issue with the service here; it isn't over the top but it has never lacked in my opinion. They don't take credit cards but this is an easy fix with the ATM located inside. I don't mind having to make the special trip to my own ATM because this place offers me a dinner experience that most other places do not. From their decor down to their diary entries on the menu, I am never bored going here :)
Great upscale pizza place to go out for a date. The pizza is great and the house salad is really good. Best if you can catch them when they have live music or sit in the little microbus seating outside.
Best. Deep Dish. Ever. And the salad is out of this world good.  They have something like 29 toppings, but my personal favorite is a pie with tempeh, roasted red peppers and basil.  They also make the best white pizza pie in Gainesville.  The decor is kitschy cool, and Satchel's rotates different artwork on the walls frequently.  The bump stickers say "World's Best Pizza, Bet?"  They might be right.
got the mama pizza with steak, ground beef, mushrooms, and ricotta cheese.  pure deliciousness.  the pizza crust has a unique texture and flavored with garlic and butter.  so good!!  waitress was sweet.  doorlady was mean though.
Awesome pizza and salads. The deep dish is legit.
Satchel's is my go-to place for taking out of town guests to lunch. Their lunch special is a great deal and provides more than enough food to satisfy. I've been coming to Satchel's since they opened and it's been fun to watch the changes that have taken place as the business has grown. I'm delighted to say that their food has remained delicious. My guests never go away disappointed or hungry!
The best pizza ever.
If you are in Gainesville for one meal, this is the place to go!
Oh Satchels, what would I do without your millet pizza and badass salad! This is a YOU-MUST-GO-HERE-IF-YOU-LIVE-IN-GAINESVILLE-AND/­OR-ARE-VISITING place. Satchel's burned down a while back, but that didn't stop them from coming back! Their pizza really is fantastic. I just moved to Chicago, and I haven't really found anything quite like Satchel's here yet. It can be a little pricey, and it's cash only (ATM in the back) but it is totally worth it. Drop that Dominoes shit and upgrade to Satchels. It's almost always busy on the weekend, but they do have a fun shop/bar in the back where you can hang out until a table is ready. Order their salad if you are super hungry, it will hold you over for a while. Their toppings are fresh, great quality, and their gluten-free pizza option is actually really good, I would highly recommend it if you have certain flour allergies. Pizza's are also 100 percent customizable.   Their waitstaff is attentive. Sometimes a little too much, the last time I was in I wasn't sure who my server was. Maybe they thought  I was famous and kept sending new people out to guess who I was? Yeah! That's probably it, or maybe they really follow their motto of "We share everything" "We help eachother" Sounds like some odd hippie shit, but just put those anti-love feelings aside and get yourself some damn pizza! For added fun, eat in the Van with Xmas lights You can really soak in that redneck holiday vibe!
I hope I don't lose friends over this review. The good: unique salad, unique and colorful ambiance The bad, i.e. what I think Satchel actually stands for: S LOW - any pizza tastes good when you're starving because you waited 2 hours for it A TTITUDE - I've never been to a more uncompromising and rude business. T ERRIBLE SERVICE - Staff acts like they are doing you a favor & not working for tips. C ASH ONLY - annoying and ridiculous way for them to save money H IDDEN EXPENSES - Professional nickel and dimers, everything has a fee! E LITEST - There is confident, and then there is Satchel's. Get over yourself. L ACKLUSTER - honestly, the pizza is unmemorable (the price isn't, however). I know Satchel's is a Gainesville icon. I will give them credit for their brilliant marketing techniques with the bumper stickers and slogans and such. I respect it as a part of the Gainesville charm because I love Gainesville. But... I have been here three times and have always been severely underwhelmed considering the hype surrounding this place. Either I've had bad luck every time, or their marketing did not hypnotize me into believing it's worth visiting a fourth time.
After 4 years of avoiding this place i found myself wondering its patchwork seating for a meeting i was obligated to attend. the layout of the building is reminiscent of a tent city or trailer compound in that its just clumps of seats around the main building with only narrow pathways that wind in and out of the building connecting them. good luck finding your party. secondly the servers must think that they have landed the Rolls Royce of minimum wage jobs b/c they treat anyone asking a question with total indifference as they snip responses out to you. the food is still a regular pizza, a regular 30 dollar pizza nothing special but the price. oh and a fountain drink, that'll be $5. if you got 60+ bucks CASH to blow on one 8 slice pizza with soda, then this is your place. Gainesville has other sitdown pizzerias that actually accommodate to the patrons with  plenty of seating, nice staff, and last of all (GASP) food specials!
This place beats Papa Johns and I was a loyal customer of PJ. This is a new discovery as I have lived here as long as they have been open. I was missing out on this great pizza. Twice now we opted for Satchel rather than PJ, sorry PJ. This place is eclectic and has a great atmosphere. We ordered a medium pizza lots of veggies and a small salad. Perfect for two people. This is a must see-and-eat place.
Sigh. As a party of four, we decided Satchel's was the lucky venue of our weekly Wed night adventure. Unfortunately, we sat for an hour watching nearby tables get their pizzas and food as our stomachs growled and mouths watered. Initially, we thought "Oh, we got the great deep dish, that's why it's so much longer!" but then we saw the adjacent table get their deep dish right after us even though they arrived about 20 mins after us. Our waiter passed our table literally 5-7 times without even looking at us. The pizza was okay, but definitely not worth the injustice we were dealt. Even though I'm just a college student, I understand the difficulties waiters have to face, and I tip accordingly, but rest assured that this service was honestly undeserving of any tip. We had our water refilled ONCE. So if you're looking to get your fix of the  scent of incredible pizza and fill up on water and silent rage, you're welcome to this amazing hole in the wall. Enjoy.
Our first time and we can't wait to go back! Not only was the food amazing and the service first rate but the atmosphere was the best! So many things and rooms to check out. If you are in Gainesville get your butt to Satchel's
Great service.  The pizza is ok , not life changing, but ok for the money.   The calzones are excellent - really worth the money.   Also, I'm not a salad guy but their salad is beautiful and flavorful.  It's pricey but can feed a family of 4.   The home-made sodas are pretty good too.   The place is super kid friendly with not one but 2 playgrounds.  Table service is always pretty friendly.   I would give this place 5 stars except for these reasons: - the latches in the high chairs are always broken. - they only take cash.   I get it.  The place is full of hippies.  It's 2014, get a square. - also,  the music they play is pretty horrible.  I remember for whatever reason hearing bagpipes for 8 or so minutes, then something out of a Chinese restaurant playlist.    It didn't really add to the experience. Doesn't matter.  I will still come back next time I am in Gainesville
We had to wait like an hour, just to be eventually seated outside? when it was a hot gross Florida night. We had a choice of either a gross patio table or an even grosser VW bus? The wait after ordering was very long, the food lacked any qualities worth mentioning other than being very underwhelming overall, and the price was an absolute joke. After eating a bit, a GIGANTIC ROACH comes from the retracted umbrella and lands on our pizza. This was all right in front of our complete idiot of a server, who acknowledged it and then said "welcome to the great outdoors," instead of offering us a new pizza or anything. It's not the roach's fault, because if the staff at this place were intelligent at all they would know a dining area OUTSIDE, simply can't be that DARK. Otherwise, roaches and all bugs are not scared to crawl right on your plate. Are you thinking some bugs like light? This place makes a lot of money, how about investing in some of those bug repelling light machines i see at legit outdoor dinning areas. Wait, don't forget how incredibly lame they are for having an ATM in the restaurant but not accepting cards. This is a SCAM to earn more money. Reminds me of places that have the "Bahamas cruise raffle." They might even have one, I didn't look. If you ever see one of those out front anywhere, RUN. Just like the garbage for sale out back, everything here is dirty, tasteless and overpriced. Overall I feel like this place is disgusting, and it's reputation supersedes anything you will ever experience here. BTW we call it ROATCHEL's.
Satchels was recommended by long time gator fans on a recent visit into Gainesville. It is a very interesting place to say the least. If you aren't paying attention you will drive by it as the place looks almost like a tent city or a rundown house. Once you pull into the driveway and see the decor you will fall in love. There is a airplane on a pole in the back and a VW bus in the front with tables in it. I tried the calzone and my pal got a couple pizza slices and salad. We were not disappointed one bit. The calzone was great tasting and was nice in size. The salad was pretty good but not anything you can't get anywhere else. Great place to visit just to say you had the experience. Be warned it is cash only but they do have a ATM with the proceeds going to a local charity.
Other positive reviews about this place have hit the nail on the head. This is one of my favorite places to come when visiting Gainesville. It's not only a place to get good pizza, but an experience in itself. There's a good reason why the place is always busy. There is an old school bus where you can dine near the front of the place. In the back, you can browse their "junkyard" area and gift shop full of knick knacks. As far as the food goes, you can't go wrong with any of their pizzas or salads. The salads are also large enough to share for a group. The pizza is the perfect balance: crispy, flavorful, and the right thickness. The only issue is the price is a little higher compared to other pizza places, but the quality of ingredients is excellent. Service is friendly, but can be slow. I suspect it is because the place is usually packed. Overall, awesome food and place to check out in Gainesville. But be prepared to wait with the crowd for your chance to try it!
Overpriced is the name of the game in this restaurant. This was my first time eating here and having allergies to both gluten and dairy I decided this would be a good place to get a pizza. My pizza went from $12 to $22 because they charge you for each individual ingredient. The mark up is ridiculous. That being said, my pizza was ok. The crust is made from flax and millet so it's really crunchy and dry, also a bit overdone and burnt on the edges. They skimped on the soy cheese even though they charge you an extra $4 for it. The small salad is $7. Again - kind of expensive for what you get. A calzone is $12.50 plus $2 for each extra ingredient. One friends calzone was an extra $7 for adding feta and garlic...crazy! To add insult to injury, they are cash only. They have an ATM in house that charges an extra $1.25. The place was very crowded (it was a Wednesday afternoon). I'm not going to be returning because for the inflated price I felt the pizza was not worth it taste wise. Make sure to hit up your bank after payday if you want to dine here. $80 later and I'm still wondering where the cheese in my pizza went... *2 stars for the service and decor.
Delicious! You could really taste the fresh vegetable toppings. Highly recommend The Major: pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, onions, and black olives. Friendly device and I was able to bring my dog with us to sit outside.
Ok, so Satchels is a thing.  It's hip, cool and popular.  They have a van you can sit in, have art on the walls and make their own sodas.  But I judge all pizza places on the pizza.  And Satchels pizza is 3 stars.  Not comparing it to other pizza places.  For all I know, this may be the best pizza in GNV.  But I have had the best (NYC) and I make my own, and am a very tough critic on pizza.   Let's be fair and start with what I liked.   The toppings were cooked to perfection on the pizza.  The assortment were varied and not over the top.  All were fresh and tasty.   The sauce was plentiful.  They do not skimp.  Appreciated!  Could have had more flavor though.   The prices were in line with what you would expect from a normal pizza place.  Even though this place is hip, trendy and how they say, off the hook, prices were still kept fair. What disappointed me? First, their menu states they cook the pizzas dark and if you would prefer it light, to ask them.  So when I got my pizza, guess what was the first thing I did? I checked he bottom to see how dark.  And...it was as light as a ginger from Alaska.  Not a good start. Next, the sauce underwhelmed in taste/spice. Finally, the worst mistake of all, a large, doughy crust.  I know some people enjoy this.  But if you love great pizza, you shouldn't.  The crust should be in line with the pizza, not over done.  Crust is just dough puffed up.  Great pizza should be cooked so hot you would never get such a soft doughy crust. Again, it was decent.  I get the feeling most come for the atmosphere and the hip factor.  But for take out, it's only 3 stars. Oh and the ginger ale was just ok.  Not everything home made is great, and this wasn't.
Probably the BEST pizza joint in Gainesville Florida. Great variety and unique environment. (We ate our meal inside an old van!) The pizza was made super fresh without a long wait at all. Eclectic music completed a great visit in which we had a large pizza with pepp and peppers. The only negative is that they don't card credit/debit cards for payment. Cash only! (They do have an ATM however which donates the $1.50 fee to charity so no hit for that!) Great pizza joint!
A place you must go in gainesville. True italian pizza and very special decoration.I love their calzones. They only accept cash. wifi free. staff are very friendly. It is crowded due to popularity. sometimes you need to wait more than 15mins to get seats. but it deserves.
Let's just start by saying...I AM A HUGE PIZZA FAN. It is hands down my favorite food in the world to eat. I have to get my pizza craving in about once a week. It's a problem. When I went to visit my friends at UF for the weekend they said I had to try Satchel's. Not gonna lie when we got there and they said it was gonna be an hour wait I was ready to leave. We waited in the gift shop and just walked around but I was just not liking the whole one hour wait. I didn't think that this place could be thaaat good. I was wrong. One hundred percent wrong. The one hour wait was worth every minute!!!!!!!!! It was the best pizza I've ever had. We got a half and half pizza. The Meat Lovers half I could've lived without...but the other half which was (sundried tomatoes, bacon, ricotta cheese, and spinach) I just can't live without. I probably sound really dramatic but my gosh it was so good!!! The salad was also incredible. For $10 each we got 2 slices of pizza and a salad (included tip) so I was happy. Oh and a super soft cookie as well! Totally recommend this place to people coming from out of town. Totally a new atmosphere and it was amazing!
This place is AMAZING!!!!!! Any ranking less than 5* gets me wondering why?  what's not to like?  The pizza is so good and the atmosphere is so unique.  Come here and eat!!  When I go to Gainesville the 2 places I have to go are Satchels and Bentos. Love, Bao Eat on my friends
The pizza was great and had a little kick. The house made sodas, with real cane sugar are creative and yummy. A must try is the ginger ale. I was told it would be spicy. They were right! Very good but I could not finish half a glass. I needed water since the pizza was spicy too. Take some time to walk around and see all of the creative art work. Garlands mad of bottle caps. Flowers made of tin cans. Your junk is their art. Very funky.
Satchel's Pizza is another great example of local Gainesville food! Like many of the other popular local restaurants, there tends to be a bit of a wait, but this wait is helped by the fun shop that has a range of stuff to look at while you wait to be seated. I went with a large group of people and we ordered quite a few pizzas, all of us were beyond satisfied with each pizza, but what really stole the show was their amazing salad, it was fresh and tasted phenomenal!
Loved everything about this place. The goofy scavenger hunt & offbeat table/seating options. Delicious pizza & housemade sodas did not disappoint. This place is a destination more than just a great pizza place. I went with my little ones (who of course loved the playgrounds), but this place would also be a blast for a night out with friends. Must stop if you are ever in Gainesville.
Unique, friendly, delicious. There's not much else that needs to be said, but here goes: This is one of the places you're guaranteed to miss the most when you finally leave Gainesville and will make a point to visit each time you come back. This restaurant has one of the most unique atmospheres I've ever experienced. To wit: You can eat in a van, you can look through the various kitschy goodies in their little shop while you wait to be seated, they have a small children's play area that was perfect for my then five-year-old sister, they have fossilized poo framed in the men's room. Oh and they have pizza. Really good pizza. Seriously--incredibly fresh ingredients and plenty of choices of toppings. If you're with a group, definitely get a big salad to share along with the pizza--you will not be disappointed.
Must visit if you love pizzas. Try deep dish and the taste lingers around your mouth for the whole day. Also, this eat out is a cash only type.
Great pizza. Great place. Friendly staff. Just wish they would make splitting a check easier.
Satchel's pizza is good, but we are not sure it lives up to the hype or the wait.  We have had both the thin and deep dish pizza and would recommend the deep. Typically a few decent beers to try, but you can't get a Coke or Pepsi here.  They make their own sodas.  Trying a little hard to be a hipster place and the sodas are just not that good or worth the $3. If the timing is right we would eat here again, but not if there is a wait.
I have lived in Gainesville for 15 years and have only been to Satchels 5 times at most. For the price of their food, it really isn't worth it. The flavor is just lacking in their pizza. And I even feel like Five Star has better sauce. The service is mediocre, everyone is polite to you, but in an obviously fake way. Places like this, and Leonardo's especially, should not hire snotty hipster kids with attitude problems against humanity. But I guess that's what you get when the owners have never had a lesson in customer service themselves. The hype over Satchels may come from the bumperstickers you see all over town, or it could come from the overtly hipster decorations, which is all re-purposed trash. But one thing is for certain, the expectations of this restaurant are too high for what it dishes out. Also, if you are going to advertise "vegan inside", you may want to train your employees to understand the difference between "gluten free", "vegan", and other dietary restrictions. The employees must not be certified to be serving, considering that is something you MUST know to serve. Avoid the 2 hour wait, and make your own pizza.
I have to be careful what I write; my friend who suggested this place has been stalking me about this post.  I think he'll be offended if I don't rave about Satchel's. But rest assured, this place was awesome. Any place that only offers one salad better make a good salad, and they did!  We split a "small" salad.  The pizza was also great.  We got a white pizza with tempeh and some other veggies. And this place has not only one, but two, little play areas for kids.  And tree house and a bunch of things for kids to oooh and ahhh over. We will definitely go back.
Bomb ass pizza. Bizarre restaurant that accepts cash only and makes you sit in a van to eat but the food is unbelievable. Definitely got a hippie vibe but like I said the food makes it worth it. Pizza!
You need to get the Deep Dish Pizza!! Excellent! They also have homemade Sodas!! How many place actually make there own Sodas! Remember to bring cash as that's all they take.(they have an ATM). Only reason I give it 4 stars is because if you sit outside you will experience a lot of bugs.
We were encouraged to "not leave without visiting" Satchel's today.  So we have followed directions.  Very cool vibe, with bamboo and fern - outdoor seating for us.  There is live bluegrass playing out back, but we needed decompression.  The food?  Two words:  Satch Salad.    It's not for a wimpy, picky lettuce and ranch person.   PERFECTION.  Try the home made lemonade.   What a clean  and refreshing surprise.   It's a Friday evening, we came in about 6, and there's now a wait.  Commit to the wait, it's worth it.
Satchel's cost more than most pizza joints in town, but it's also really, really good. It's definitely a place to go every once in a while for some gourmet pizza that's meant to be eaten soberly (sorry Five Star & Italian Gator, I still love you tho) The portions are huge and the pizza really is delicious. Also, for ye vegan folk: they offer soy cheese and two types of tempeh topping I'm a big fan of the ambiance: it looks like a brightly covered scrap yard and they have a bocce ball court, an outdoor lounge, a gift shop, and weird art abound. Only downsides are that it sometimes takes a very long time (but that's because you're eating a freshly made dish!) and they take cash only. Great for kids and large groups of good friends.
Awesome pizza place. Friendly staff and really cool ambience. Good place to take a group of people. Beverages have free refills. My friend got the ginger ale which was fresh and so good. We were a group of 10 and shared one medium deep dish and one large thin crust. Both veggies since only three of us from group were non - veg. Pizza was really good. Then for dessert we ordered the brownie that was awesome and they have an innovative dessert menu - like goggles which projects 3d image. Definitely best pizza place in town.
We chose Satchels for my boyfriends surprise birthday dinner because it had a laid back atmosphere and allowed dogs. The decor was awesome. They have collections of all kinds of random things like remote controls and old cameras and bottle caps hanging on the wall. They have fossilized poop and various toilet paper holders in the bathroom. You could spend all night walking around and checking things out. Some nights they have live music and if not the bartender plays music using his iPod. The pizza was awesome. Delicious fluffy crusts and all kinds of toppings like apples, nuts, cheese. The salad is great too and they make their own homemade cola. They have bocce courts and a playground which keeps the kids entertained. Definitely a place to check out!
The novelty has kind of worn off, mainly because service keeps dropping off.  It wasn't fast before, but was fine.  On follow up visits its been slow as pond water.  Being really busy with lots of customers wanting to get in is one thing.  But once you are seated it should move along, and it doesn't.  1) Add some staff or an oven or something to get food orders in and out to the tables without long delays; 2) let people pay with something other than cash (an archaic means of payment).
Best pizza, salads and calzones!  Awesome atmosphere!   There isn't a better pizza place, bottom line!  A must if you are anywhere close to Gainesville.  The first place we take all of our out of town guests.
This is a local's favorite, & I can see why!!  I enjoyed it so much, that I struggled to stop eating my pizza!   Have you ever had a pizza droop when you try to pick it up?  These guys don't do that.  They insist on baking the crust extra done, so that all your toppings don't end up on the plate.  (Yay!)  Their sodas are their own tasty creations.  You can taste the attention to details in everything that they do.  I wished I lived in Gainesville, I would be there all the time! The atmosphere is quirky, and lively.  I even enjoyed their musical assortment.  I would recomend this place to friends, and family.
