We did our anniversary dinner date here last weekend after hearing good things about it. We also wanted something a bit classier for the special occasion. We made reservations and are glad we did, because at one point all of the ~12 tables were full. Even so it was not very loud and the atmosphere was less "young" than some of the other restaurants in town. The waitstaff was extremely professional and kind. The sourdough bread was excellent paired with the basil olive oil. We started with the pear purses which were TO DIE FOR. I was expecting a pretty good unique appetizer and instead that was our favorite of the evening. I had gnocchi della casa with basil pesto which was sooo good. The gnocchi was so tender and yummy. My husband had lamb bolognese and it was his "type" of meal and though he said it was very good, it's probably not something he'd get again. Both plates were on the large side - somehow my hubby downed all of his but I had to take some of mine to go, and it was a delicious lunch the next day. We got the chocolate torte for dessert - it needed to be split between us because it was so rich. We thoroughly enjoyed the meal and didn't spend as much as we expected to, believe it or not. It's definitely high-class with high standards of service and we most definitely will be back.
The food, the wine selection, the ambiance, the wait staff - all excellent. You won't find better in Little Italy in NYC. Best kept secret in Gainesville. Loved this place and will be back - often! Oh and I forgot to add, priced reasonably enough that it's not just for special occasions. Treat yourself today : )
The best italian food we had in Gainesville!! Very nice staff, with good and prompt service, we were happy to get a table for 2 without a reservation. The appetizers and entrees were delicious, I wish we could have a second stomach to eat more and save room for desert. Highly recommended!!
My favorite restaurant in Gainesville and hands down he best Italian food. If we want to go out and have an excellent meal, drink excellent wine, and receive excellent service, this is where we always go. The pricing is not outrageous, surprisingly , and I think it's s great value for what they're serving. The lobster ravioli is divine, the duck with the blackberry sauce is amazing. Manuels chicken is spicy but it's served with w wine sauce so it's very decadent at the same time. My filet was cooked perfectly and was topped with a delicious red wine sauce. The apple salad is delicious, and I highly recommend splitting it with a guest to have before your meal. The service is perfect, our server and the server assistant was so attentive and offered great recommendations. And at the end of our meal, Manuel walked us out and shook our hand. This is why we come back whenever we want a delicious meal with impeccable service. The decor is so cute and reminds me of my Italian grandmother's house. If you plan on going for s holiday, get reservation early because I can see this place filling up fast. Overall, if you want the best fine dining experience in Gainesville, this place can't be beat. I love Manuel's!
Our 2nd time here in two months.  Why didn't we hear of Manuel's years ago? Utterly enjoyable and delicious meal: pear pockets, rustico salad (large - split between the two of us), duck breast (reminiscent of magret in France), lamb bolognese (from others' reviews).  No dessert - just two glasses of delightful port.  We'll be back soon.  Now our favorite Gainesville restaurant!
What a wonderful place. This is my favorite place in Gainesville after our recent visit. The staff was absolutely wonderful and Manuel himself was there and greeted us graciously during out dinner. I took my girlfriend there last night and we had a wonderful time. The food is superb as well. And for everything that you get, it is very reasonably priced.
Overall a good menu and very good service. The warm bread with olive oil and spices is a nice touch. It's a little smaller, so getting a table, especially for a larger party may be difficult. I had the gnocchi and while it was good, I can't say it was the best I've had (hence a 4 rating).
Hit & Miss Manuel's is a formal Italian restaurant in the heart of Gainesville.  It gets very good reviews. The Hits:  The staff and owner were very nice.  The dining room was quite pleasant.  The best item we had was the delicious Apple Salad.  The bread was rather addictive.  They gave us tastes of wine before we ordered which was most appreciated. The Misses:  The staff was rather disorganized and no one seemed to be in charge of any particular table.  Therefore, there was a lot of buzzing about by staff but nobody noticing us when we needed something.  The rest of our food was mediocre.  We were told that the Lamb Bolognese was a favorite, but we found it to lack any depth of flavor or richness.  The shrimp and mushroom pasta was, likewise, lacking any fullness of flavor.  We were the first to enter the restaurant that evening since we had a show to go to.  Even then the kitchen took surprisingly long to get food out. I would gladly return if I wanted a light meal of the great Apple Salad.  Otherwise, I will try somewhere else on future trips to Gainesville.
Definitely one of the best restaurants in Gainesville. It's a small place, but the food quality and personal service are great. The lobster ravioli and the tiramisu where so fresh and delicious I have cravings for them now. Everything is mostly cooked to order, so it's not a fast, quick dinner by any means but it's worth the wait.
Manuel definitely did something right. Reservations during busy season are hard to come by but are so worth it. Ambiance: Out of the "fine dining" establishments in Gainesville, Manuel's is definitely the most intimate one and best for a first date. The room is small; 10 or so tables with 2 outside. Dim lighting with candles on the table. Food: FOOD. Everything is good. All of the appetizers are great; the escargot is a much larger portion than any other restaurant I've been to and is amazing. If you're in the mood for pasta, I highly suggest the Gnocchi Daniela. If you're in the mood for protein, Manuel's is known for any of their veal dishes. Make sure you get a veal dish with a risotto cake in the middle though - outstanding. The owner always comes to your table during the meal and welcomes you with his thick Italian accent. Prices are what you would expect for an upscale Gainesville restaurant. You definitely get your money's worth with portion size and amazing quality.
My fiance and I chose Manuel's to celebrate our 3-year anniversary. Neither of us had been there before. We were able to get a reservation easily, even calling at 6:30 PM the same night. We were greeted and seated immediately. We ordered a half bottle of wine, which our waiter uncorked and poured for us. (Very fancy!) We ordered a pear/cheese appetizer...it might be the best thing we had. Don't get me wrong--our dinners were great too. But the appetizer was the star, as I had not had anything like it before. They also served us bread and herbs. My fiance is a glutton for freshly baked bread, and they happily brought him another basket of it as soon as he killed the first basket. (They even offered him a third basket, but he (surprisingly) refused it.) Wanting to try a traditional Italian dish, I ordered Chicken Parm, and the fiance ordered Chicken Milanese. The parm was very, very good; very rustic. But the Milanese...now THAT is a fun dish. Just absolutely delicious in every way. Needless to say, he devoured it. We did not have room for dessert, so I can't comment on that. The one thing I did not like is that they do not serve pasta or any sides with their main courses. All dinners are served a la carte, though you can add a side of pasta for like $3 or something. Truthfully, you won't really need it; they give you a HUGE portion that is filling on its own. But I'm Italian; I like some pasta with my meal! So it was a little annoying that I had to pay extra for something that comes standard at every other Italian restaurant (fancy and non-fancy) that I've ever been to, including the one I worked in many years back. All in all, Manual's is a wonderful experience. The service is superb; you will be treated like royalty. And the food is truly divine. This is a great spot for a date or any special occasion. I can't believe I lived in Gainesville 9 years before I finally went!
A place I love taking my wife if we're looking for a sexy night on the town. The food is so delicious. It's a nice step away from the typical Italian place!
This is my favorite place to splurge! The special appetizer of poached pear and goat's cheese purses in a brown butter sage sauce are incredible; they force me to close my eyes while savoring each bite and make incomprehensible noises in delight. I usually follow this with a pairing of the gnocchi Daniela and the chicken limone. The food is amazing and the service never fails. I recently tried the tiramisu and it also knocked my socks off. Definitely a fine dining experience.
Small cozy restaurant, right around the corner from the Paramount Grill and very similar in the quality of the food. But Manuel's has more of a "dressy night out in the city" atmosphere, while Paramount Grill is a little more "artisanal muffin".   Service is suitably obsequious.  Prices are high.  In fact, based on the crowd the last time I went, I'd say it's mostly only UF undergraduates and administrators who can afford to eat here.
As an Italian-American living in Florida, it's hard to find Italian cuisine that hits the spot the same as my family's homemade meals. Manuel's surprised me and exceeded the expectations I had before dining with them. The Vintage Room is a very intimate, cozy area - dimly lit, decorated in wine paraphernalia and paintings, and with a brick wall reminiscent of brownstone bars and eateries in New York City. The smell of the restaurant is a rich blend of wine and the savory, trademark scent of olive oil and garlic used in many of the dishes. The menu focuses primarily on Italian, French, American, and Italian-American foods. The staff was very welcoming and seemed to know what they were doing. This wasn't a restaurant of clumsy college kids in nice outfits; it was a restaurant of young and friendly, but trained, waiters who knew more than just refilling drinks and rattling off dinner specials. Like good waiters, they were never intrusive in their action and kept a perfect flow between meal courses. The only complaint I may have is that there seems to be many waiters at one place at one time, but this is not a fault of assignment as much as the small restaurant size. My party's glasses were filled with clean water (not the tell-tale minerally taste of plain city tap) and they each had glasses of wine they brought along themselves. We were brought baskets of warm bread with individual plates of seasoned olive oil, which really pleased me (I hate sharing plates). We started off with calamari, escargot, and their signature "pasta pockets", filled with spiced pear. Although I'm not a fan of escargot, it was well seasoned and delicious. The calamari was fresh and outstanding, with a delightfully crunchy outside and a satisfyingly chewy inside. The marinara sauce served with it deserves a prize of its own; it is hard to find a profoundly taste marinara sauce, but Manuel's has perfected it. The pasta pockets, I believe an original creation, melted in my mouth with the amazing combination of sweet and savory. I had to shut my eyes and slowly savor every bit of the perfect blend. I ordered a caesar to start with - I like to see how each restaurant makes theirs, and it prevents me from over-eating - and it was very nice. The dressing tasted homemade, but it had a little more anchovy than I'd like. For my entree, I had the lamb bolognese. The pasta was al dente, but the lamb had an even stronger and muskier taste than usual. The taste seeped into the sauce as well, so that even without meat, it was still quite musky. Many people prefer the stronger end of the spectrum as far as the musk of lamb goes, but I am not one of those people. I prefer a nice medium. Besides this, the dish was generous in portion and nicely seasoned. My party had a plate of gnocchi to share, and it was delicious! Everyone else enjoyed their meal, especially the person in my party who ordered Manuel's chicken, a spicy dish. We each finished off with chocolate-dipped espresso ice cream, which really tied together the meal. Manuel himself made an appearance and was very hospitable to each guest. I will be coming back here, but I will order a non-lamb dish next time!
I have been to Manuel's several times over the past year or so.  It is always excellent and last night was no exception.  We started off with the rustic salad, which is definitely big enough for two people.  Then I had the macadamia encrusted chicken for the first time and it was incredible!  My boyfriend and I shared a bottle of Santa Christina Chianti, which was really delicious and at $30 a bottle is one of the cheapest on the wine list.  We finished off the night with a seriously decadent vanilla pecan cheesecake drizzled with caramel. The service was excellent, though our waiter did seem a bit on the spazzy side.  The atmosphere is really lovely.  And Manuel was there, as usual, and came over the make sure that everything was to our satisfaction. Manuel's is definitely not for the cheapskate, but they offer a great "early bird" menu Tuesday-Thursday, 5-7PM, with $10 plates and $3 glasses of wine (or $12 bottles).
It has been a number of years since we've been here, but the 2-3 times we went were memorable.  The food was always delicious going in - rich, great flavors and creative.  The ambiance is wonderful. Every time I've been, I've gotten physically sick later in the evening.  No joke, and I have a stomach of IRON.  I'm not sure if it was what I ordered, but my wife suspected it was just the richness of the food, namely the cream-based sauces. The experiences have kept us from ever going back.
Loved the ambience. Went for Valentine's Day dinner. Snails appetizer were amazing! Entrees were okay. Pasta sauce a bit bland. However, I would definitely return. Great wine selection!
Manuel's Vintage Room is tucked away on South Main Street in downtown Gainesville. An intimate Italian hideaway, the family owned restaurant just so happens to serve some of the best pasta this side of the Atlantic. Manuel's ala carte style menu can be a bit pricey at times, but it's well worth it for the chef's decadent flavors and robust dishes. Snuggled into a corner booth facing the street, candles flickered on the table as I perused the menu while sipping my glass of Pinot Noir. Manuel's extensive wine list will satisfy any vino connoisseur's palette. Our appetizer was a tough choice between the Mushroom Crostini--portobello mushrooms marinated in a wine sauce over a gorgonzola spread topping a crispy miniature flatbread--and the Snails simmered in butter, garlic and seasonings. In the end, we both decided to be adventurous and the snails won out. So dainty and delicious, the sea mollusk was just the right texture with a burst of strong garlic flavor. The buttery leftovers turned out to be a perfect dipping sauce for the complimentary bread. Being a big fan of Manuel's seafood based dishes already, I knew one of us had to get the Lobster Ravioli. The truffle cream sauce added a sweet tinge to the otherwise savory dish. I was craving a little spice so I went for the Capellini with Shrimp. The angel-hair pasta tossed with sautéed shrimp, chorizo, onions, and tomatoes in an oil and garlic sauce was light yet full-bodied. I was exactly sure what to do with the shrimp tails and looked quite unladylike in my attempt to  remove them. The chorizo's distinctive smokiness was a perfect mix with the citrus afterthought of the tomatoes. This time, I knew there was no turning down dessert. Manuel's Tiramisu tastes like a small piece of cloud drizzled in chocolate. This dessert was by far the lightest I have ever tasted. Rich and warm, the dish kept me oohing and aahing with each bite. The mix of cocoa and ladyfingers went nicely with the decorative fruit on top.
Call ahead or you wont get to go at all. Great restaurant! Great Food!  Great Service!  A little pricy, but very much worth it.
Food is AMAZING customer service AMAZING it is a small place so get a reservation. I had the gnocchi. It was as good as my friends homemade gnocchi. I would go here every time I am in town.
My favorite restaurant in Gainesville hands down. The veal porcini is the best dish in my opinion , but they are all amazing. The pear and ricotta pasta purses with pesto are a great app. Plus the pasta pizziorie flatbread is delicious too.The staff are very attentive and the atmosphere is cozy.
Manuel's is amazing.  Lovely atmosphere, friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff (Melody is the best!), and the Gnocchi Daniela is to die for. I'm removing one star for the experience I had last weekend, though.  I had made a reservation on Friday evening for my birthday, but I decided mid-week that it might be nicer to have dinner at home instead.  On a whim, I called them to ask if they would be willing to do take-out for us on Friday evening.  I was told that it would be fine; I just needed to call in my order at 5:00pm so the chef could make the food before the evening rush.  I then cancelled my previously-made reservation, so that the restaurant could book another couple in our slot for the evening. I called at 5:00pm on Friday... and was told that they would not be able to make food for us to-go.  I explained the conversation I had had previously, that I was told it would be fine, that I had cancelled my reservation for the evening because I had been told it would be fine, that it was my birthday, etc... nothing.   I was definitely disappointed.  And given the late notice, there weren't any tables available anywhere else!
I have never had a bad experience at Manuel's. in fact, the one time I went in without a reservation, they were full, but gave me a coupon for a free appetizer or dessert the next time I came back. I LOVE the rustic salad and the grouper. So amazing. If you like pasta, the lobster ravioli is the best I've ever had.
Went here with my girlfriend for an anniversary and the place was just fantastic. It is the most intimate place I have eaten in all of Gainesville, the food and service was wonderful, and the prices aren't crazy. This place reminds me of some the European restaurants that I loved.
I came here on a Friday in late May while visiting, and, coming from a place where a 45 minute wait on a Friday is pretty common, was expecting not to be able to be seated right away during weekend dinner rush. We were pleasantly surprised when we were seated immediately. The restaurant is small and intimate (ie your table will not be far from your fellow diners) and reminds me of my grandmother's kitchen; so my review may be biased. I had the rustic salad to start, which could have been a meal of its own. My fiance had the Caesar salad, which was also quite a large portion. The veal porcini was fantastic and again sufficiently large that I took some home (and subsequently forgot it in the hotel refrigerator). The service was quick and pleasant, and the owner was sitting at a table by us harassing the waitstaff in a friendly manner and stopping by to greet his patrons. I guess it may be on the expensive side for the area, but I'm used to higher prices and felt that the quality of food and service was certainly worth the price tag. This will definitely be a place where I take friends and family who come to visit.
Love this place! Great food and wine:) The Caprese Salad, Gnocchi Daniela and Veal Porcini are all excellent. Also love their bolognese sauce.
I discovered this gem back during my foodie college days.  I was back in town for my man's (grad school) graduation and was soo glad to see that this place was still there (since we all know how restaurants come and go in Gainesville).  I knew this would be the perfect place to take him for a celebratory dinner. Everything was a delicious as I remembered . We ordered bottleof chianti and started off with the escargot, which was delicious.  They had my BF at the pesto olive oil for the bread! I ordered the veal porcini with the risotto cake and he had the tenderlion special.  We were eating off each others plates and even though we were both not very hungry, we ate every last morsel off our plates.  Lets just say that the food coma that followed was pure bliss.
Best restaurant in Gainesville. Period.
Food was great. Service was good. I had the truffle pasta and it was amazing.
This is truly a great experience, every time we eat here.  We always feel like we're eating at Manuel's own home!  The restaurant is very small, so make reservations.  When you arrive, count on Manuel greeting you, helping you with selections and making wine recommendations...you'll come back!1
Best Italian in town!  Great ambiance and awesome service!  I love the Spaghetti Bolognase and The Veal Porcini is my finances favorite! Outstanding selection of wine.
Being from the Northeast and a Transplant in Gainesville it's hard to find excellent high quality Italian food. Well this place is nothing short of right out of Little Italy in Manhattan. The food was excellent, the portions were a little small for an Italian place but all in all it was a great experience. I will certainly go back. Veal Marsala and Lobster Ravioli were unbelievable. Just wish they included pasta with the Veal Marsala.
We went to this eatery on the basis of really good Yelp reviews. It definitely was a splurge, and deserves more $signs than it has.   And whereas we were pleased with the food, (the snails were excellent)  we do have two caveats/complaints.  # 1 they changed the pear appetizer to Ricotta cheese, so it is not as flavorful as the goat cheese.  #2 the wine list stinks.  There are only two bottles for $30. None for less.  Half-bottles no less than $16.  And most in the $50-100 range.  There are a disproportionate number of wines for $200+.  Now tell me how many people in the middle of Gainesville want a $300 bottle of wine.  I'm sure it's fewer than would like a nice list between $23-35 category.  Shouldn't there be as many under $30 bottles as above $200? I think so.
We really liked this place! Very cozy and the food was great. The fish was fresh and the service was awesome. We will definitely be going back sometime soon. The only thing we didn't like was the tomato vodka sauce, but thats okay, the other sauces were good! For Gainesville this place is really nice.
Amazing food and service.  The owner Manuel is a great guy.  What a gem.  The handmade gnocchi and the salmon were spot on.
There is nothing negative to say about this restaurant. Best dining in Gainesville! Great atmosphere, delicious food, fast service. Expensive but worth the price tag.
Hands down, the best dining experience in Gainesville! The food is made fresh and prepared by one chef. The service is superior to the rest. The environment is cozy and romantic. My husband and I eat their once a year--because it is THAT special.
Fine ass dining.  Been to every restaurant in town and if you like amazing food with impeccable service - this is the spot.
Now that I no longer live in Gainesville, I miss this place more than you could ever imagine. As someone who has been to Italy many, many times, I can assure you that this food is not only authentic, but is some of the best food you will ever eat. I must have eaten here over 100 times and EVERYTHING is amazing (you will never be disappointed) but my personal favorites are the mushroom crostini, truffle cream gnocchi, and the pasta purses they have as a special sometimes. Everything about this restaurant from the food to the service is outstanding. The chef and owner are amazing! Mi manchi, Manuel!
Excellent!  This is the best Italian food in Gainesville.  Small and cozy, but makes for a great atmosphere.  Make sure to call for a reservation, there are only a few tables.
The best food in town! While in vacation with my son, I saw the reviews here and went there to check it out. I used to live in italy for many years and i thought i was back there when i ordered my gnocchi al tartufo! Owner came to every table checking if everything was ok. Everything was perfect. We will be back with the all family. Restaurant can fill up quick, make a reservation before you go.
This is one of the two best restaurants in Gainesville, by far the best Italian, and has by far the best service of any place in town... or perhaps anywhere I've ever eaten. I first brought my daughter there when she was 7. Getting up to use the restroom her dress that time caught on the tablecloth and sent 3 glasses crashing to the floor. 3 servers immediately came over to help; 2 cleaned up the glass while the 3rd assured her it happened all the time to everyone. Then Manuel, the owner, insisted on sending my daughter a free tiramisu for dessert. I've been back regularly for the last 3 years and tonight took my daughter to celebrate her birthday. Manuel gave her a hug, wished her a happy birthday, took her back to the kitchen to meet the chef (who also wished her happy birthday) and again sent her tiramisu for dessert (remembering it from 3 years prior). This is what restaurants should aspire to.
The angel hair pasta with shrimp and chorizo was really good. So was the tiramisu.  I recommend the place.
Magnificent Food and Service. Absolutely 5 star. My husband & I had dinner Wednesday night. We choose rustic salad that we split-WOW what a great salad with ,many layers of different flavors. There is also a house warm bread that is delicious served with olive oil & herbs.YUM-OH. Then we had special appetizer of pear & cheese in outrageously good sauce. We both choose specials-I had steak with mushroom & red wind reduction and my husband had shrimp, shitake mushroom with angel hair pasta. Both dishes were outstanding! Our waitress  Melody was great. She made adjustments to our wine choices by giving her input on better food/wine pairing & she was right on target. For dessert we  split a hazelnut ice cream with chocolate & port. Everything we ate here was 5 star, first rate, the best. The service was friendly, warm & the restaurant is a great warm intimate space. I highly recommend you head over! Charming in every way. FYI They have monthly wine tastings with a dinner on Monday nights; we reserved a spot for May 23.
ALWAYS delicious. Amazing tortellini. Fantastic service, Manuel is always around--he found us a table when they were completely reserved for the night. One of the few authentic, consistent, pleasant-to-be-in restaurants in Gainesville. Everyone I have taken here has fallen in love. If you're looking for an intimate setting for a date or get-together, this is the perfect place.
The food was great.  I had the veal marsla amoung our dishes my wife and I ordered and it was well executed thoughtful dishes.  Definitely one of Gainesville's best restaurants.
