First off, the name of this place is misleading.  Run by northern mainlanders from China, where is the Hong Kong origin?  The cleanliness and food prep is doubtful, and the staff seems amateurish to say the least.
Authentic chinese food. They were closed last 2 weeks.  I hope they don't go out of business,  cause that would make me sad. The quantity is also a lot.
One of the few best places in Gainesville, that is if you are really about food. HKD&M  deserves to be on an episode of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Get the BBQ Pork Fried Rice.   At HKD&M they make authentic BBQ Pork from scratch, just like everything else. Half orders of large dishes are half price plus 1 dollar. That knowledge can help.
Ok well let me go against the yelp grain slightly here....I think its a cool business but the prices have just gone too high for me and I haven't found consistency. I hope they succeed and I really like the divey-ness and the owners are quite characters. I am vegetarian so that is maybe not their strong point, but my parent's aren't and they agree. I've had some really good dishes here (the chowfun noodles, the dim sum) but then some really underwhelming ones like Jingjiang Tofu - $10 - which looked nothing like the facebook picture (sticky/saucy/colorful...instead it was dry and minimally seasoned). Still an exciting place that will hopefully live up to its hype and potential in terms of its consistency across the menu.
The food here is really good! I like the Sichuan noodle soup the best. Every time I will finished all the soup. So yummy :)
After seeing the Yelp hype, I rushed my butt over to HK Deli and Market ASAP. It is located where the old August Moon market was, behind Taj on 13th street. Look for the bright yellow sign and red lettering. We came around 11 am, and the owners, who I assume are father and daughter, warmly greeted us and told us lunch was coming out soon. She said the food was canton style. It is hot fresh food on your left, and produce and ingredients on your right. The daughter was so sweet, and told us that they had only been open for 7 days! She said that each day, more and more people come by word of mouth and Yelp hype (yeah, Yelp!) We purused the produce area and indeed, they do have fresh house made dumplings, pork buns, and some other items... and not badly priced at all! I bought a pack of 10 dumplings for 3.99 and pork buns for the same price. So cheap! We wandered over to the prepared foods and the dad was cooking up a storm. You can get a lunch special of 2 dishes and rice for $4.50. For the amount of food they give you, they could easily charge $7! It's enough for 2, with a load of hot, slightly sticky rice (good rice is so important), and we got stomach lining with black bean sauce and pork belly with broccoli. I was kind of sad there were no hanging ducks, and when I asked them when they would have some, they were quick to tell me there was duck(!), it was just cut up already in containers. So, we bought half a cut up duck for about $9.50, and then I bought 2 red bean cakes at $1.29/each. They have a bunch of egg custards by the way, too. She said they sold over 100 on the first day open, so I'll have to try that next time. She said she was aware of Yelp and that she was super excited about our support! The food was awesome. The duck came with some sauce and was succulent with the good fatty bits on it. The cakes were delicious. And yes, I ate both in one sitting. I can't wait to come back and try them all! (PS, she said they were going to have a sit-in area in the future so people can eat lunch there)
So I have now tried Hong Kong Market a multitude of times, during different times of the day.  They finally posted their hours-  opening at 11:00am daily.  However, be aware that if you arrive here at 11:00am, there will be no food ready for you.  We were lucky enough to grab some duck last time, but that is all that was ready.  We waited about for about a half hour and then more food starting coming out of the kitchen and the cashier arrived. There are now tables to sit and eat with friends.  You can order off of the dim sum menu on weekends only and wait while they cook it fresh.  The chicken, chinese sausage, and roast pork inside sticky rice- then wrapped in banana leaf was delicious and a full meal.   I wish that they had more cooked food to order, specifically; ong choi, dry fried soy sauce noodles, watercress, or snow pea leaves.  However, it appears that they are progressing quickly and adding what customers react to, so you never know what the future holds.  There is a small menu available, aside from the dim sum menu that has noodle soups, congee, cold chili oil salads, and some noodles.  We had the Roast Pork Noodle soup last time, which contained bok choy, large pieces of honey roast pork, and soft thin egg noodles. I purchased some of the house made frozen dumplings from the frozen food section to cook at home... Well, I pan fried them and they were amazing, even as good as the shrimp/pork and chive dumplings that you would get at a really yummy dim sum house.
The food there is not authentic Chinese food and tastes so weird!! So disappointed!!! We just wanted to have some authentic Chinese food in Gainesville when we passed that town. I'd rather be hungry!
The roast duck is really fresh and really good. It's deliciously greasy and fatty - it's definitely not health food! I've gotten take out for lunch here twice (1 rice item and 2 dishes = $4.50) and both times they were delicious. The owners said that they have different dishes every day. Among the dishes I had was the fried rice, which is not oily but with just the slightest hint of seasoning, and the Yuxiang sliced pork, which is delicious! OMG finally home-cooked chinese food in Gainesville. I hope they stay around and get their business going! They also make chicken feet and braised pig trotters, if you are into that. The owners are very sweet and wants to make sure you are well taken of. They told me that they want to expand the eating/seating area to make it into a proper lunch place.
Based on all the reviews, I had really high expectations.  I will give it 3 stars for now, with full intention of going back again, and hopes of a better experience next time. Here's what I learned: 1) The food is good.  The vegetables in my dish were very crunchy and fresh.  But, I thought the whole thing was kind of oily. 2) Always call ahead.  When we got there, I asked the guy for a specific dish (that is included on the menu) and he said I couldn't have it.  Knowing there might be an issue, I even came prepared with a second option (also on the menu), and he said I couldn't have that either. So, finally, I just said "What CAN I have?"  He recommended something that I wasn't planning to get, but it was okay.  I just got a little annoyed that I had to negotiate for my meal.   3) Take-out is definitely the way to go.  First of all, you can do the negotiating (see #2) over the phone.  And, second, you really don't want to eat in their dining area.  I mean, it's a place to eat, but I would have been happier at home. Most of the tables were dirty and hadn't even been cleared of dishes.  It's just not a great dining environment. 4) They said if you spend a minimum of $10, you can have a bottle of water from the cooler.  But, my husband and I spent over $20 and we were only allowed one bottle and shared.  So, I'm not really clear on how that works.  But, you can buy a bottle for $1, so it's really not a big deal, especially if you do takeout and eat at home (as advised in #3). I think this place has a lot of potential, as long as you know how things work.  I'm looking forward to my next visit and will post an update then!
This is going to be the most generous review I have ever given. Because it is a mom and pop place and it is been open for more than a month. They are a early phase figuring out their identify.  I will be easy on the review.  But they do have a works things to fix on and they got to do it quick.  They are getting popular fast by mouth to mouth and they got to improve faster. Hear this hype from my sister and her asian sorority.  I came back to gville for graduation and I decided to try this place. Food- it was decent. The style of food was authentic.  I dropped $43 dollars to try their main dishes.  BBQ pork buns, egg custard,  3 combination (duck, roast pork and BBQ pork) and their beef chowfun. I dislike the duck cuz the duck they selected as a skinny duck.  I hope they keep an eye out on their inventory properly...  Not just buy cheap stuff. Seasoning was decent.  Thr BBQ pork and roast pork was cooked extremely well.   Egg custard-  this was my first time trying this new crust egg custard.  It was interesting.  But I didn't preferred it bc it made the egg custard too sweet for my taste.  Maybe I am used to the traditional one.   Chowfun was cooked well,  fresh noodles and veggies.  However,  it could have eased off a bit in the salt and soy.  But the dish was well prepared to make it nonsticky and nonsmush. 3.5/5 Atmosphere-  it needs  alot work.  However,  I will give them a break because they are trying to establish themselves.  They better set up the place fast and cashier system better.  When they get busy and popular. Their service better be quick and improved.   Overall-  the place feels like an old abandoned store.  They need to figure out a way to get rid of that feeling.  3/5 (being generous. Service-  only two people running the place. Cooking , serving,  cashiering, prepping food etc.  they were great and friendly. However,  they Must rapidly find their identify and hire someone to help out and develop a staff to train.  On the long term,  they are doing all the hard labor work  and not focusing on growth, it might kill them.  This is why most restaurants failed.  They forget to try to automate it cuz they think they could do everything themselves cuz it is more profit in the beginning and forget the long term.  (4/5 So overall it is 3.5/5. But I bump them up to 4/5 because they are an early stage.  I like to see this place succeed.  The owners are super nice and sincere. So if u go try this place, have patience to wait a few extra minutes. They are not the fastest but they are trying. I hope they  are thinking of the big picture and find a way to improve fast.  They are lucky they got summer coming up. Hopefully by next fall semester, they will be ready for a new school term.  Next time I come back to try new things.  I will not be generous in rating this place.
DUCK!!!! This is the place you'll crave after one visit. They have THE best duck I have ever had, and I'm comparing it to Sam woo BBQ in Vegas, which till now was tops. Great prices for huge portions, tons of vegetarian/vegan options local tempeh and many tofu options, this is our new spot, some people complain about the decor and dim lights, who gives a sh!t!!! Eat here now.
I really can't give this place any less than 5 stars, though there is a possibility that the amount of beer consumed that evening bumped it up a half star. I'll start off by saying that the owners are really nice and I chatted with the guy a bit as he fixed the food. They were also helpful it picking out a meal. It was a little late and they were empty, so it was easy to just BS one on one. My favorite item by far was the pork turnovers. Just awesome. I ended up eating them while I waited for the food to be cooked (sorry honey, I'll bring you some next time). The little dough ball things (hey, I'm white and southern, I still can't get the names of all this stuff right) with pork inside were delicious as well. One of those did make it home and the wife liked it as well. The beef lo mein was good. Nice and tender, flavorful, and I liked that they use different veggies and noodles than your run of the mill chinese place. The fried rice was awesome and the family devoured that quickly. The bits of pork and shrimp mixed in are a nice touch. Now, here's where my memory gets a little fuzzy on the main dish to try. It had a small square of duck and just a few cubes of pork. Hell if I remember what dish I ordered exactly, but I thought the quantity of pork and duck was a little low for the price. The duck was good, but very fatty. But that's what duck is...fatty. In all, it came to $42. I'll definitely be back to try more dishes, probably for lunch specials. I want to try some of the pork I've seen in the pictures and....ok, I could go on forever on their menu items I want to try! Great job guys, I'll see you soon.
I continue to be impressed with their food and warm service. They've begun to install an interior/exterior makeover and have improved their food handling practices. Must say that everything I've tried has been delicious, from BBQ Pork to Dim Sum to weekly specials.  Soups and salad are superb as well.  You really can't go wrong regardless of what you order. Best Chinese food in Gainesville hands-down.
Well, I said I'd be back and I held to it. My wife, Laura, and I were once again craving some Chinese since our last experience with a different establishment was dismal. We ordered some take out and here's how it played out. Fried Pork Dumplings ($3.45 for 4): Fried foods run the risk of feeling greasy. These dumplings were quite nice. The pork was tender and flavorful but not over salted while the dumpling offered a light crunch but remained soft like a dumpling should. Shrimp Dumplings (same price as pork): Just as tasty as the pork but these were steamed. They were more toothsome than the pork and had a delectable little bite of fresh shrimp inside. Spring Rolls ($2.95 for 3): Yum. With a very strong crisp that endured our ride home these rolls stand out in Gainesville above many others. BBQ Pork Bun ($3.45 for 2); I'd never had these before! The buns were near the size of tennis balls and stuffed with what I can only assume was a prime example of Chinese barbecue pork because it was delicious! Roast Duck Over Rice ($9.95): I had tasted this before and it was just as excellent as the first time. As a whole meal with rice and a slaw it was very good. My only complaint was that each piece of duck was still attached to some bone which made eating the duck and rice together rather challenging. Perhaps 'duck WITH rice' would have been a more appropriate name. Fried Sesame Balls ($3.25 for 3): Wow, just wow. Get them, eat them last, and thank me later. Do it...do it.... In summation I would describe Hong Kong Deli & Market as a charming little dive, run by a very entertaining young married couple, that provides delicious and authentic Chinese dishes at a very affordable price.   They're new, help them grow!
I'm going to update my original review to note that Hong Kong Deli has totally revamped their menu, addling some Chinese-style soups, salads, and other dishes. Everything still looks authentic and these are not "asian-inspired" soups and salads but the real deal, and many of the orginal menu items remain, too. Indeed, probably all of the ones that have been on offer the past year or so including their dim-sum. The food I ordered a few nights ago didn't include any of the new dishes, but everything I got--sour and sweet beef, kung bao chicken, and steamed shrimp dumplings--were all superb, as always. I want to also address the few negative reviews where patrons complain the owners have been rude. The owners are a young couple and I am guessing this is their first business. They also have a child with developmental issues who requires a lot of care, apparently. I have eaten here a lot and never found them to be rude, at all, though at times they're busy, certainly. If they ever seem rushed or less than professional, think how you were in your twenties and especially if you were running your own business and moreover, a busy restaurant. I feel they're doing the best they can, and the quality of the food--probably the best Chinese food in town--illustrates their success where it matters most. They're open (I think) six days of the week and most nights until ten. That's long hours. I've seen them throw out a head of cabbage that wasn't bad, per se, but not at its very best. There is no doubt they care greatly about their customers, their food, and this business.
Let me start off saying this is possibly the best place for Chinese food in Gainesville. As one reviewer put it that this place is to Chinese as La Tienda is to Mexican food. The owners were very friendly and explained to us that they try to serve as authentic Chinese food as possible. They have lunch special that you can chose two of four items with rice for $5; this is a very large meal and very fast which is great for lunch hour rush. The other items on the menu are made fresh so it takes around 15min. One thing to note is that this place is primarily for take out. The owner have added some tables and seats but after some problems with the contractor, the dine in is very simple but pleasant. Let me say that this is a mom & pop kind place where the owners do everything. They just opened up a few months back and working hard to achieve the American dream. They take pride in making good food and that is why the food is so darn good. If you like the hole in the wall kind of place with food worth waiting for, this is definitely the place to go to.
So, this place is quite legit. Authentic Chinese food. Their food is comparable to the best dim sum places in Orlando. They have all the dishes you'd expect from a dim sum restaurant including more, like Vietnamese banh chung (adsfkjals;f so good). The only thing lacking is being an actual sit-down restaurant. They're new, only a mom and pop, and they're still learning the ropes on being a sit-down. They explained they didn't intentionally open up the place as one,, but enough people asked. Everything is good. Hardly a disappointment, definitely my go-to for Chinese food. Please support them, and excuse their growing pains as being a sit-down restaurant (with service and etc.) I think in time they'll get better. Otherwise, the food really shines. Lunch special is a good portion of food for 6.00, but do yourself a favor and order off the menu for really awesome Chinese. Don't be afraid to try something new.
Best Asian food in town! The food is constantly amazing. I read other reviews nitpicking over plastic silverware weather or not the owners in a good mood and laugh. This family makes the best food hands down and that's what I come for. The Cumin Beef is delicious and the duck is perfectly prepared. If your looking for great food without all the BS, this is the place!
This place is very easy to miss and looks closed until you open the door, granted if your first glance is to your right you may still be wondering. Then you see the cases and counter to your left, the roast ducks and crispy pork on display in the pretzel warmer, the hand written bi-lingual menu on the wall and the aromas  The Hong Kong Deli is destined  to become one of the great locally owned and operated foodie destinations.   2nd meal from here today we had Dim Sum, everything was exceptional, this is a no frills take out place, There are a couple of tables but the ambiance is just short of being the empty room in the basement of a church, I have to take off 1 star for ambiance,  If it was take out only a no-brainer 5-star The owners cook and run everything here. and anything that can be is made to order. The Hong Kong Deli is destined  to become one of the great locally owned and operated foodie destinations in Gainesville
Every time I have been in this place, I've had good food! I always try to get something different each time, and have no yet been unsatisfied. The couple who own and run the place are very helpful in giving descriptions, and they're really friendly. The quality of the food exceeds its price on the menu, too! Normally, I order something off the dim sum menu because I like individual setups, but of the things I've ordered off the regular menu, they have been fantastic and more than enough for sharing.
The owners were very helpful and cooked up a special order for us. We sampled everything from a bit of dim sum to the crispy pork. The place used to be a market and that area looks like it's been expanded to a dining area but didn't look open. They have one table open but it seems like most people get take out.
Took five friends from work to lunch at Hong Kong Deli & Market based on all the hype I read on Yelp.  The staff is friendly and the food is good.  I am not the most versed person on Asian food, but I did notice a real difference between the usual run of the mill MSG-doused  Americanized Chinese food and this more authentic Chinese.  I would definitely go back. Between the six of us, we pretty much tried every item they were serving as part of their $4.50 lunch special; no one was dissatisfied (sorry but I don't remember the exact names of the dishes.... my bad). We did order a cabbage and meat-ball soup they were featuring that day...  don't recommend this soup, it was fresh but flavorless. They were in the middle of remodeling part of the super market into a sit-down restaurant area.  I will wait until they get the remodeling efforts completed and then go back.
Though this place is right by Adam's Rib Co. and Szechuan Palace, it would be easily missed if it weren't for the yellow-painted building. You enter through the door closest to the main road and you'll see a menu hand-written on colored pieces of paper. The friendly workers gave a nice greeting and then you realize where you are. The appearance of the interior is minimal at best so don't expect ANYTHING in respects to any kind of "ambience" or interesting decor. It is bare essentials. Some, I would venture to say, would even be turned off by it. They have lunch specials (rice and a drink) 11AM-3PM for 5.29 with the various americanized chinese foods i.e. general tso's chicken, lo mein, etc. And they also have a 31-item dim sum menu on the weekends 11AM-4PM with each dish at an average of $3.25-4.50. The thing to get though, is probably their rice boxes. Very reminiscent of the Hong Kong-style, meal-in-a-box for the working man type deal (rice + roast duck, crispy pork, cha siu pork) They were average $7-8 but are very filling and most importantly, tasty. Some of it may look a bit dry, but the flavor is there nonetheless. Long story short, I can honestly say I wouldn't mind coming back here. I wouldn't say this place is for everyone but I plan on trying the rest of their menu out some time soon.
This place is OK more than A-OK. I was visiting this area around Lunar New Year, and some friends and I decided to go out to eat in honor of the holiday. The decor of this establishment is below average. Imagine your basic plastic chairs, tables, and mismatched plates and utensils. The waiter, I think, was not expecting to have to wait on us all that much, so we ordered at the register. (The refills of water came promptly, though.) We ordered the bok choy, two rice plates (pork and chicken), and chow fun. The bok choy was drenched in grease, and they had ran out of plates so served us this dish in a basket. The other plates were just...meh. My friend and I left still hungry. For the service, food, and the ambiance, I would rate this establishment a 2.5, maybe a 3 for the quick water service. I don't think I will be coming back to this place if I am in the area next time. If you are -- hope you enjoy the experience more than we did!
It's been a month or more since I've been here, but It really was some excellent food.  The interior is dive-y, ambiance was pretty much nil for the standard restaurant dining experience, but if you want to feel like you've been invited in to someone's kitchen, and tempted with a half dozen or more of their favorite things to cook, this is a great place to go.   I wandered in with my S.O. one day, while noodling around in that neighborhood.  Immediately the owner struck up a conversation from behind the lunch-style counter.  I was a little overwhelmed with the menu variety, but the owner tood time to explain a few things, and handed us a couple bite sized samples of a few things.  The duck really was exceptional!  If only there was a boneless duck, it would be perfect, but it was worth picking around the bones for that succulent and crispy meat. I'm looking forward to trying some of the dim sum samplings the next time I go in.
To answer the owner's comment - I left because of the bleach odor and the lack of reasonably priced lunch / special.  Had the restaurant not be so smelling of bleach and the guy used a FRIENDLY tone, I would've tried it out.  Your husband instead started ranting and yelling and even say stuff like "do you think all those reviews on Yelp are fake?  do you think I wrote them all?".  Like I said, I've had great Asian food made by non-Asian people so I wasn't judging the food by your hostile husband.  The fact that I got a angry-follow-up reply from the wife just to show your general attitude.  Had you apologized for his attitude and say "come back and try", I probably would have.  You guys should learn more about customer service.  Even the Chinese "hello" was barked at me, which I was a bit taken back.
Such good food! So much delicious for the mony its incredible that they can stay open. Great service as well and the owner is such a nice guy.
I surprised my fiance and myself when I tried the Salt and Pepper squid and fish. I am not a tryer of new things especially out of the ordinary foods. I was so pleasantly amazed as how delicious it was and my fiance ordered the crispy pork and duck and I even enjoyed tasting that! You can taste the quality and the servings are huge, and guarantee left overs. Definitely the most fresh and authentic chinese in Gainesville.
Where to start? The Salt and Pepper squid/fish/shrimp is probably my favorite.  Perfectly battered, spiced and lightly fried- not too much that it overpowers the fish. Chow fun has excellent flavor and you can tell the noodles are homemade and fresh.   Sichuan pork is spicy and delicious.  The vegetables (as in all of their dishes) are fresh and you can taste it. I've never been disappointed with their dim sum.  I especially like the fried shrimp balls, shumai, and the bbq port turnovers which are doughy and delicious.  For that matter, any dish with their homemade BBQ pork is delicious (and I don't normally like Chinese style BBQ pork). Call ahead because they are often out of certain items since everything is made fresh.  This is a good thing though, because everything on their menu is high quality and I've discovered a number of good dishes through their recommendations. The interior has come a long way since I started coming and they are really making good progress!  But I couldn't care less about the ambiance of where I eat, for me it's all about the food.  In my opinion this is far and away the best Chinese food in the area, and might even be the best food in Gainesville.
My boyfriend and I stopped after always commenting on their sign.  We got a special:  2 types of meat, rice and veggies for $13 ...  We tried the duck and crispy pork - it was all delicious and well portioned.  We also tried a angus beef soup - it was a little too spicy for my taste but the meat was so tender.  Overall we enjoyed a good meal with some left over.
Food is good if they have it available.  Owner/cook has some weird complex usually resulting in erratic behavior.   Not a place I can recommend based on that.
The best Chinese food and most authentic in Gainesville. The Crispy Pork is divine! The owners are friendly, offering suggestions to complete a meal or encourage something new.  I would recommend take out only.
Food is better than 5 stars. Better. Its the best chinese ive tasted. Super fresh and worth every penny. But the place they expect you to sit and eat is a 2 star at best. If you only take out then you will be very very happy. Only eat in if you have no where else to go and eat. The food is sooo good that it still gets 5 stars. I would eat inside a sewer to get that lo mein again.
like the others, the madness on yelp drove me here. great customer service! and the roast duck and egg custards and pork buns are wonderful as everyone else had posted! i was craving chicken feet! and there they were, in a lovely black bean sauce.. yum! i also was dying for some chinese broccoli which was not readily available, but the cook told me that if i wanted to go get it in the grocery section and they would gladly cook to order, so I did! it was wonderful! cooked so fresh in oyster sauce, ginger and garlic!!! definitely highly recommend and will be there again. 5 stars is for the wonderful food and service...the business is growing, so the selection will grow!
This place is amazing.  Love the owners and the food is great!  Not only the best chinese food in Gainesville, but among the best chinese food I have ever had - and I am from San Francisco where the food is good! Highly recommend this place!
For what it is, I think it deserves four stars. And by that, I mean this place is strictly about the food. The food is great, and even though they had to raise their prices a bit, it's still a great deal. I don't know much about "authentic" Chinese, but man, both times I've been here, I keep thinking about the food long after I have eaten it! Both times I have had the eggplant veggie side dish, so good! Eggplant with potatoes and green peppers. Delish! If they have the spicy chicken, get it. You will not regret it. It's got a nice heat without being overly spicy, and the sauce is so awesome you'll be wanting more long after it's gone. Would really like to try the dim sum or some of the their other, items. Now don't go in expecting much for atmosphere. The building is really old and not much has been done to improve on it; which is totally fine with me, keep the good food coming! My advice is just to get it to go. Food comes up quick, so no problems there. The other non-food related criticism I have is that they are, while friendly, inexperienced in the customer service area. Yes, they did add a credit card reader, but I was guilt tripped a little for opting to use it. I didn't have any cash and while I understand their dismay at running a purchase under $10, there are better ways to go about communicating this to your customers rather than giving them a guilt trip about how much it costs to operate a business and how you don't make money your first year. While I totally get that, and I will try to bring cash next time, that is not an appropriate conversation to have with a customer. Put up a sign encouraging customers to use cash, charge a fee for purchases under a certain amount, or don't let customers use a card at all. It was a turn off, but because this is a local business, and they make great food at great prices, I want them to do well. Will be back!
There is so much junk "asian" food in this town.. someone finally had some sense to open a real Chinese restaurant. Food is always delicious and cheap, perfect for those who are too lazy to cook a full Chinese meal for one (like me). Taste is authentic and reminiscent of Mom and Dad in the kitchen. Bottom line- great food to be enjoyed by people of all backgrounds and cultures!
people working seemed about to have a mental breakdown cause there were 3 customers. they forgot normal portions of my order. tables were dirty. the guy owner went ballistic on this family because they apparently were gonna move a table. Then he eventually over-apologized to all the customers. If you don't believe me. Just go to this place. I can't believe Gainesville is so pitiful that  the good reviews are written in earnest.
Best Chinese food in Gainesville! Reasonable prices and good portions, and delicious!  Try the crispy skin pork and the Chinese sausage!
Fresh, simple, super flavorful food. Basically a take out place that has a few tables. So good. Very excited to go back.
Just sat down to a box of the best duck I've had in Gainesville if not the state of Florida. Portions were incredible. Hands down best in the area.
SO GOOD!!! I've had dim sum in Hong Kong, and I think this place is better. The dishes there are nothing like anything I've eaten before. I ordered the tendon (I love tendon. Try it) and it was not the usually oily, steamed dish I get everywhere else. It was flavorful with fresh vegetables. My sister said these dim sum dishes are like little meals--instead of just being steamed or fried, they took liberty in making these dishes more flavorful. I really love this place. The owners are such sweet people, too.
I went here based on the large number of positive reviews and was not disappointed! This is the best Chinese food in Gainesville, hands down.  Two of us split the BBQ pork over rice and half duck with a small side of rice and it was excellent -- juicy and well-cooked. Another time had the fried shrimp balls, beef chow fun, and cripsy pork...soo good! The owners are very nice and helpful, and I am happy to support their business.  I'm making myself a regular here!
I ADORE THIS PLACE!!! I went with a small group and got lots of tasty treats, I was sad they didn't have egg custards this day but the owners wife told me if I call ahead they can make me some, as well as some of the other treats I like to have that they weren't offering that day. I love this place its not all flashy. Its all about the food. The owners were so kind they greeted us, brought us food and checked up to see how we liked everything. I felt very comfortable here and will be coming back for sure!!!!
Awesome!
Love this place!!! Owners are friendly and accommodating. Food is amazing and authentic. What La Tienda did for authentic Mexican food in Gainesville, HK deli is doing for authentic Chinese. Steamed pork buns are fantastic, they're comparable to Dim Sum I've had in San Francisco. Decor is in progress, they're going some growing pains opening the Resturant, the more Gainesville supports them, the quicker they'll get the dining room together. Come on GATORS, get up and GO THERE!!!
I wouldn't have tried the duck, I love duck, but outside of new york I tend to avoid it.  The owner gave me a sample, and it was OUTSTANDING. Duck was for dinner, and the vegetables were also really fresh and tasty. The place is still a little rough around the edges, the menu should be smaller so listed items were available but the owners were very nice and the food was cooked fresh.
Pretty good. Had the roasted duck. Great portions. Friendly patrons. I'll come back to try more for sure. The only thing keeping this from a 4-star is the dark, unkept interior.
Went here for the first time last night, so I can't speak to the consistency.  However, the food I had (duck and salt/pepper squid) was amazing.  Nothing over the top or fancy about this place, everything is about the food, just the way I like it.  I'm kicking myself for not finding this place sooner.
Now that I have come to Hong Kong Deli several times, I decided it was about time that I give them a proper review. This is, bar none, the best Chinese restaurant in Gainesville. For the adventurous and conservative eaters alike, they serve simply prepared fresh Chinese food. So far, I have tried their duck (among the best), crispy pork, fried rice, Jiangjang pork, beef chow fun, and various dim sum, and each time I go there, I plan my next visit. The reviewer who drew an analogy to La Tienda is spot-on. Other reviewers who have pointed out that it is primarily for takeout are correct, but I think that as their business matures, that will improve. The owners are friendly and helpful with recommendations, which helps because of the depth of their menu.
This place is 100% the best chinese food. It is the most authentic chinese food I have been in a while. The owners are an awesome couple and team. Havent tried the roast pork but I had the hot and spicy pork its was freaking amazing, great portion it fit the price. Im about to order it right now. Just tell him what you like and just let the chef do the rest.
My husband and I visited Hong Kong Deli and Market this evening, and both of us agree: this was the best dim sum we have ever tried! Everything was fresh and homemade, and the service was excellent. The store owners were very friendly, welcoming, and helpful. They even took the time to give us suggestions and practical advice on our upcoming move to Gainesville. This restaurant is definitely worth a try! We understand that they are undergoing a lot of changes in the near future that should accommodate more seating and tables for dining. Hopefully this will be done by the time we move here!
The food here is exceptionally delicious. It is quite authentic and cooked fresh to order. They make everything themselves. The owners are very friendly and truly want you to enjoy their food. Don't be fooled by the sub-par appearance of the building, or by the main chef being American, this place is awesome. They even have homemade dim sum every day.
I've been their customer for two years. I visited their restaurant from time to time. They have the best Chinese food in gaineaville. I my self is a Chinese, and I think their Beef Chaufen, BBQ noodle soup, and 麻辣香锅(hot spicy mix?) are the best I've ever had in US.
My friend really recommends this place, especially if you love really authentic chinese food,and for sure it is very authentic. I had duck and pork with rice, and I thought it was rather good, just didn't quite live up to the hype. This is not truly a sit down place; there is seating, but it is run by only 2 people, so they don't serve you directly, so be prepared to go up to order and grab your food.
Great food, poor interior, sometimes poor service. Try ordering the crispy pork or duck for pick up, you won't be disappointed. A bit on the expensive side but you will not leave with an empty stomach.
I read through the reviews to make sure I am not too picky. The smell and the attitude.....mentioned several times. I don't know why there is no change and still have so many positive reviews. I paid to buy not only your food but also the service.  There is no different between China and US on how to serve your costumers. In chinese, we have 顾客就是上帝.
The food is disgusting and the people there was so unfriendly. I feel so disappointed and I think I won't go there any more.
Good food but they had to change order since they don't have what i want from menu. This happened twice. The lady owner is really nice but husband is very unpredictable. He can be nice one day and totally rude the next time. It also takes a long time for orders to be ready. I don't think they are ready to handle more than 3 customers with multiple orders. The plastic utensils are kept in this plastic drawer which is not sanitary. It should be individually packed. Bottom line, they do have good food. But with husband's rudeness and long wait, i would reconsider going there if I am not willing or patient to wait or hear them arguing in the kitchen.
We had an overnight in Gainsville and needed something to eat, but really didn't want fast food. We yelped this place and gave it a go. At night, not knowing the place, it looks a little shady from the outside. The guy and his wife (?) were the ones cooking inside and the guy was very helpful in describing the menu and even advised we only purchase one meal as it is enough for two! Well we went with two different meals, and he wasn't wrong, there was TONS of food. The bag must have weigh 4lbs my god! My bf had the duck and pork belly with rice, and I had some chicken and noodle concoction. Both were very tasty, my bf wasn't a fan of the pork belly, but I think that comes down to personal taste. Mine was really tasty, the veggies and thick noodles were great. Overall, great value for money.
