Since my brief month of a stay in Gainesville I've yet to come across any eatery quite like Daily Greens. While my home cities contain vegan and vegetarian places, I really can't say they're as memorable as Daily Greens just leaks color in it's menu choices, and that freshness and vibrancy kept me in. The eats// The heavy sprouts sandwich was my go to. The Bonafide Brat seemed to be a crowd favorite since I kept dragging people here and also enjoyed the tangy flavors of a sundried tomato sandwich. Didn't get to try any of the waffle cones as they were the sandwiches tucked within a crispy shell and I was mostly just interested in the sandwiches. Novel idea and would like to try it if I'm ever back. The consistency in ingredients does change what seems almost day to day.. or every other day. I didn't have a problem with that, but it was noteworthy in case you find a favorite. It's consistently fresh though! :P The variety keeps things interesting anyway. Very much enjoyed the specialty teas and the smoothies weren't bad. :) My only complaint is sometimes the teas could get pulpy or concentrated pending on how much was left in the container. Otherwise, good stuff. The Staff// Very helpful and willing to elaborate the menu to my inquisitive half-sister. While helpful, a little spacey. Could forget your drink or not ring it up at all. Not a big deal just let 'em know. :) There's also free water in back. The Space// Bright and inviting inside and a tad off putting outside even with the homely porch. It's hidden in an industrial part of the city. The food gives it 5 stars from me, and hopefully this veggie haven will still be there if I ever make way back.
So, after a long and unexpected absence, hopefully, we can get back on track.  We're looking forward to getting back out there and enjoying some deliciousness! I had the Gainesville grilled cheese on fresh grilled bread from The Vine.  Don't ask what kind of cheese it was because I certainly didn't.  I just know it was silky and sharp.  It was a simple sandwich, I get it, but they nailed it.   I also had (oink, oink) tarragon chicken salad  sandwich.  This sandwich was on 50-50 five grain bread, which I think was Ezekiel bread and not bread from the Vine, which I would have preferred.  Ingredients were fresh, crisp, and the colors made for just an overall beautiful looking sandwich.   Also, I experienced the staff to be super friendly and helpful.  After reading previous reviews I was expecting more of a standoffish cool reception.  Not my experience at all.  It should be noted that I'm not the typical customer either.  No tatts, skinny jeans, gauges, or piercings.  Damn I'm boring!!   Will definitely be back!
First, I'd like to say that I really liked the food. BRAT sandwich and gold soup (think it's beets with garlic). Nicely prepared and delicious. However, as other reviewers have said, the service is very very slow and the staff is pretty spaced out and kind of rude. It didn't help that there was a cockroach in the bathroom. I did tell the staff but they didn't seem to care. If it was my establishment, I would be concerned AND apologetic to the customer. Oh well. Sad to say, I won't be back.
Great place, I am really glad they are here! I went here to pick up a quick lunch with a co-worker, looking for something healthy, satisfying and close enough to UF/VA campus area. We were a little unsure if the place was even open pulling into the parking lot, but once we walked inside we could see it was a great space. The food was delicious. I had the chicken tarrragon salad on greens with my choise of dressing. The tarragon chicken salad was delicious, and the veggies were fresh and beautifully presented. There were lots of other fun choices but honestly I was too hungry to look through the menu. I'm eager to go back and try some other items. The place looks like it will be easy enough to access by the depot bike trail for anyone willing to take a quick 10 minute ride from campus. It is definitely worth it.
Service was great and the daily green juice was good... I also got the power shot of ginger and wheat grass and it was very fresh...The owner was very passionate about serving
Service is sloooooooooooow, got a BLT took 25 min ! I miss the old school diner that was there before . Plus they were a bit rude. Just because you have vegetarian and vegan items on your menu doesn't mean you have to sacrifice customer service. A few tips from the other side of the counter. 1. Greet the customer, make eye contact. 2. Offer specials, with a smile. 3. Check on customer if it's taking a while, offer apology. 4. Thank the customer and ask to come again. If you have a long afternoon and you want to be left alone just go home and make your lunch there.
Mmmm so good. I appreciate the variety of choices that are mostly very healthy and don't make you feel deprived! I have had the falafel waffle, walnut-lentil burger (on gluten-free bread) and various gluten-free desserts.  Fantastic. Fresh. Flavorful. Big portions (you'll need a to go box). Tangy tahini dressing especially yummy. Great service. I'm so glad the Louis Lunch location is still in biz with this fun place. It's small and fills up fast. Good for take out.
What an absolutely perfect place.  The food is so fresh that you would think it is grown in the backyard.  The menu and selection of items is so unique that you will not see the same at any other place or in such a location.  My new favorite item of all time is dried green tomatoes.  Oh my god!!!! I have never tasted that before and I cannot wait to go back and try it again.  I am tempted to buy a dehydration unit and make my own dried green tomatoes. This is a must type of place for anyone wanting local, fresh and healthy food options. I will come to Gainesville again just to try this place out.
I love it! Gainesville isn't a mecca for hip and trendy restaurants, but this one stands out with a wide variety of healthy options. The highlight for me was the different vegetarian sandwiches and waffles they had. I got the BBQ seitan, which was really good! I was pretty torn between that and the homemade veggie burger. In addition to the food, they also have fresh juices. I got the daily green juice, also a good choice. I'll definitely be back and can't wait to try to the other menu options.
I love this place. True local and organic restaurant. If you want something healthy that tastes great you should make this a regular spot. I try to eat here a few days a week to get my greens. Adam is one of the owners and he is super nice and will take care of you. One of, if not the,  best places to eat in Gainesville.
Amazing find! We stopped here for a quick lunch on our drive from Sarasota to Atlanta. I had the Sprout sandwich and my husband had the BRAT. Fresh and filling sandwiches but not heavy. The kale chips were awesome- wish I could get them to stay as crispy as theirs do. The broccoli slaw was light and fresh. So glad we stopped here. We will be back in here next week on our drive back home. Will try their juices then.
I've only been a few times. Mainly I get the chicken salad, either on a green salad or the sandwich. It's good. I like the yogurt dressing they use instead of mayo. The kale chips grew on me. Now I'm kind of addicted. I also get a carrot juice which is a new thing for me. I'm not a fan of a bunch of different flavors in a juice, so I keep that simple. I tried their version of the BLT today, the BRAT.  I was really put off by the bitterness of the raddichio. I had to pull it off the sandwich. I know some people might like that, but I don't get why it's on there. Without it, the sandwich was fine. Overall, I enjoy the vibe of the place and their efforts to keep it local.
Daily Green is what I could literally describe as a hidden gem.  On the corner of SE 5th and E 2nd, this intriguing blend of local/organic ingredients aims to display the versatility of said items no matter the audience (Juicers, vegan/vegetarians, and those with a hankering for meat/dairy as well).  My first visit was atypical for a few reasons, but the fact remains I very much enjoyed the refreshing take on food provided by DG. The Space: The place is clean and low-key, with just enough dine-in space to accommodate the traffic they receive.  They have art placed on the walls in support of locals and they also have an option to buy these pieces were you so inclined.   Frankly, it is hard to find.  The have no signage outside to indicate they even exist and I only became aware of them because of the Yelp community, and the exterior is not really inviting. The Food: Reading their menu online I was thoroughly impressed by what I saw.  I arrived and ordered a "Daily Shine" juicer and the meatball waffle cone, opting for the cheddar chive version (I assume it is apparent I am not vegan at this point, and cheddar chive beckoned to me).  My friend ordered the chicken salad with the same waffle cone as myself, though it is important to note he did not actually receive it. So we both end up with the meatballs: I got them in a waffle cone to-go and my buddy placed on top of an actual waffle.  They were really, really good.  I mean, you could taste the quality of ingredients in the sauce, the meat...and, though it not intentional, the meat and sauce went really well with an actual waffle, which had a nice absorbing quality while also remaining flavorful and crispy on the edges for a nice texture profile.  Everything about the combination was delicious.  My waffle cone did not hold up well through travel back home (it was soggy and lacked crispness when I got it back, but I blame no one but myself for this) but it was really tasty and I imagine freshly baked it would have been excellent. The juicer was also notably refreshing, though the process of making this item is not as involved I should say.  Still, there was no grit or sludge from any of the components and the ratio of flavors was excellent for a little pre-meal pick me up. Lastly, they feature a few baked goodies from a few places around town, one of which I had the pleasure of trying: the chocolate espresso brownie.  I cannot give them full credit for it, but MAN was that brownie delicious.  Moist, flavorful, fluffy...I love sweets and this brownie will be something I actually have to get again.   PRO TIP: Complimentary Cucumber/Lemon water with your meal if you do not want to buy one of their beverage options The Service: So the style is: walk up, order, wait until you are called and get your food.  It was quick, given the unexpected kinks that arose during the ordering process.  Also the staff was really friendly and inviting (surprising, given the look of the place from outside) Basically their waffle maker was down and my buddy got the last cone for his chicken salad, so in a stroke of brilliance he suggested I ask for the protein on an actual waffle.  They obliged and began to work.  One of the workers accidentally placed my food in the last cone instead of doing so with the chicken salad, so I got what I wanted but, unfortunately, hot waffle + cold chicken salad =/= a consolation.  He opted for the meat balls too, but as I would have received them (on an actual waffle). The best part: they were more than happy to offer a free dessert for all the trouble!  Let it be known: I blame them for NONE of that.  It was a confusing situation and they were very accommodating despite it all. Final Thoughts: It is kind of far away from me and the food they offer is not conducive to travel (or at least not the waffle cone specifically), so I would say plan on trying to eat there when you go.  Despite the hiccups, the food quality alone was enough to insure both mine and my friend's return.  They seem to be relying on word of mouth to get their business, so I will begin by speaking her and now: give them a shot: no matter your mood, you will find something you really want to eat for a brunch/lunch.
Tried this place for the first time for lunch today after hearing about it repeatedly from my husband, who never packs lunch and/or always forgets the lunches I pack for him. It's not necessarily health food (depends on what you order, and what portions you choose to consume!), but it's far healthier than many other similarly priced and quick options, and it's local. Yes, smoothies and juice are expensive - ingredients are expensive! (There's a reason a soda is cheap!) I have to eat gluten free; this is not a choice. I was worried, as I am at many places, that this would limit me only to the salads as an option. I was happy to find that in addition to a selection of hearty salads, they also offer not one but two different gluten free breads for their sandwiches. I haven't tried the waffles or waffle cones (look great) since they are made on shared equipment, but the manager or owner I spoke with said he'd consider dedicating an iron for their GF offerings, which would be awesome. My husband ordered some kind of sandwich and the kitchen made a mistake and made it in a cone; he's easy to please and didn't mind at all, but they still brought out his sandwich and side in case he really wanted that instead, and boxed it up for him to take home (double bonus for me, one less meal I have to cook for him!). The food itself was really good. They have vegan options, but I opted for the egg salad sandwich. I don't usually like egg salad but that's because it's usually just a vehicle for mayo, which I don't like. This was nicely balanced, contained nuts (an interesting twist), and worked well with the sprouts and spinach. Kale chips on the side were yummy. The smoothie was a little thick, and one flavor was a little overpowering, but I'd try it again.
Love this place! We Always stop here when visiting Gainesville. For a quick, ultra healthy meal you cannot beat this place. The prices are reasonable for the quality of the food. I always get a salad and soup. The Daily Farmer has an assortment of fresh greens, vegetables, and sprouts and the Kale Avocado is awesome too..I've had both with the Lemon Vinaigrette (I want the recipe for that stuff, its sooooo good!) The soups vary daily, but they are always delicious. I know healthy doesn't always equate to tasty, but this restaurant has got it goin on...and they have the BEST kale chips EVER! I wish I lived closer, I'd come here at least once a week.
Are we in Portland ? LA ? NYC ? No. The owners of Daily Green have brought creative, delicious, wholesome, vegetarian and vegan food to Gainesville. The iconic Louis' Lunch building has been transformed into a foodie mecca. I enjoyed the homemade fresh walnut lentil burger with a side of kale chips. Excellent ! But prosaic compared to the stuffed waffle cones, savory waffle dishes, tempeh and tofu topped salads and unusual organic soups and eclectic sides offerings on the ever changing menu. Gainesville, we have arrived to the 21st Century food scene. Can't wait to return and try something new.  There are some items for carnivores, so bring your friends and watch them opt for the veggie goodies.
If you are not from the area don't be put off by the "off the beaten path" as this cafe has great organic food and smoothies. It has a wonderful vegan/ vegetarian menu but also offers some meat choices for those so inclined. The tarragon chicken salad is wonderful and the buffalo beef soup was spectacular. Service with a smile is a cliche that they must have invented! Very personable and inviting. Can't wait to come back
The food is great and the prices are fair.  Fresh, healthy and lots of vegan options (as well as food for carnivores).  Awesome juices and smoothies.  Good options for little ones if you're bringing the kids along.  In addition to great food, the employees are super friendly which can be rare for Gville.
Love this place.  Wish it was near my home in South Florida. Fresh food.  The only complaint is that the bowl of soup is small for the price and doesn't include bread or crackers. A grilled cheese with matzo soup (cup) and a bowl of a vegetable soup and two drinks $20. They have a wonderful colorful and healthy menu with vegan options. Self service, order at the counter pick it up yourself and clean up after yourself.  Would return again.
Checked out this place with my colleague a few days ago and it was delicious! Don't be fooled by the exterior; the inside is comfortable and might I say---kinda hipster-y...I had the Bonafide BRAT sandwich with vegan broccoli Mac and cheese. There was a great balance between the vegetables and the bacon, the bitterness of the radicchio and the sweetness of the tomato. The bread was really good as well (I'm picky about bread) Can't wait to come back to try more menu items!
Great food, interesting menu, very nice staff. They almost killed my vegan-ness with some of their menu items -- pulled pork in a waffle cone? But there are tons of veg options, so I didn't succumb this time. Also, delicious home made kale chips. I could go there every day just for snack time.
I like to visit all types of restaurants serving every type of cusine. Just some observations. Overall a good experience, but I expected more from reading reviews in yelp! Daily Greens is Clean and smells great inside. Note the person working the register, taking money, should not be cooking or putting the food out without washing hands or using gloves between working taking  money. Feel portions were small - 7 oz Soup and 5x5 cheese sandwich about $8.00 with water.  Lentil soup was tasty, the cheese sandwich seemed to have one slice of melted Cheese?  = tasty toast.  I will try again, as I live close to downtown.  Worth a visit if you are a vegetarian. Pleasant
This is hands down one of my favorite lunch spots in Gainesville. As with any new business, they had a few kinks to work out in the beginning but I think they have it all figured out now. The food here is fresh and delicious. The desserts are amazing. Personally I prefer to eat at places that are using REAL FOOD not chemical laden crap. People need to understand though that this is SLOW FOOD, as in they are buying a lot of the ingredients locally and making stuff from scratch, so yes there are going to be times when they run out of stuff or it may take longer to get your food. It is definitely worth the wait though.
Delicious and vegetarian friendly! Extremely friendly and helpful staff! Kale salad is delicious and nutritious!
Terrific.  My new favorite place. I hope to see unsweetened black and herbal tea available here soon. All drinks in cooler have sugar.
Eating is not just about taste, it's about presentation. The Daily Green gets that. My chicken tarragon salad had the right amount of tang with the slightest hint of creamy. Additionally, the vegetables used in the sandwich (situated on a five grain loaf from the Vine) were vibrant and fresh. Yellow tomatoes to contrast with the other red tomatoes and leafy green baby spinach? Fantastic.   The baked kale chips were yummy too! The batter they used offset the bitter green taste that comes with kale. Additionally, they are making an effort to recycle and run as sustainable a business as possible. A difficult thing to do in the restaurant business specifically, I'm sure. I usually go to Harvest Thyme, but this will be my new spot. That is, unless I'm looking for more heavy, cream-based food. I hope the Daily Green gets enough business to stay open...they certainly deserve it...but the location is a bit off the beaten path (though easily accessible). Highly recommended.
Great stuff. My wife and I came here for the first time today and really enjoyed the food. I had the tempeh waffle cone (forgot the name) and it was delicious. It's nice to have another option for gluten-free, vegetarian options in town. We'll be back.
we stopped here traveling through town and while it's a cute place and the service was fine, I wasn't impressed by the flavor of most of the food we ordered. the BBQ sauce was not good at all and should not be called BBQ sauce. good thing I tasted it first and didn't just dump it on my food. the tempeh sandwich I got was okay but just kind of lack luster as far as any flavor goes. the walnut burger was also lacking and was kind of dry. maybe they were just having an off day or I'm just a weirdo, but I probably wouldn't drop almost 10$ for another sandwich. wish I could've had some juice or a smoothie cause I'm sure they probably do a good job with that. I would maybe eat here again, not sure.
Solid different place, cool cones for pork lunch, a little to healthy for me most of the time but def worth checking out
This place is wonderful! I spent $15 and got the seitan salad sandwich, which came with a side of my choice (vegan broccoli Mac and cheese), and the Daily Vitality juice. Everything was amazing and super filling. I had to take a to go box for most of my sandwich, as I dug into the mac. Great price for amazingly fresh food!
excellent kale massaged avacado salad.  when I tried to buy an extra piece of bread, they wanted 3.15 for it.  a little pretentious and pricy, but hey even the bathroom smelled good.  id eat there again, but bring my own roll.
I had the BRAT sandwich today (bacon radicchio arugula tomato). It comes on local bread and with a lime mayo. It was really good without being too heavy. My friend had the gluten free banana nut waffle and it tasted just like banana bread, but crunchy on the edges. We split a strawberry smoothie that wasn't overly sweet the way some places that use fruit juice or sherbet in the smoothie. All in all a satisfying and healthy lunch. Looking forward to going again.
I was unsatisfied with the portions, especially given the ~$10 price tag. Both times that I went, the item I wanted to try was out of stock. I'm not sure why you order at one register and have to go to a different one to pay. The 2nd time, I was the only person ordering, was sent to the other register to pay, and there was no one there. The guy who seemed to be in charge (out of the like 8 people that were working) walked over to tell me "You can wait patiently or sit down and pay after." Pretty off putting.
