This is on the upscale side.  We were just in town for the night and got in late.  We were looking for a place to eat that wasn't a chain, but we were in shorts.  We felt underdressed, but hid ourselves in the bar.  That worked fine and we weren't the only ones in shorts there.   The food is amazing.  The filet flat bread is a GOTTA HAVE IT!  You haven't had this before.  The wine list is top notch and so is the bee selection.  It is pricey but not really, since it's a good value and over the top.   Ashley at the bar is so friendly and one of the most professional bar servers ever.   WHAT DOESN'T FIT IN THIS PICTURE?  Wait until you see the Red Bull Frig in the gorgeous bar.  Obviously, someone needs to take this sore thumb out of there. 3 thumbs up for this place.
Very nice place, very professional staff. If this rating was based on customer service i would have given 5stars. The reason i rated it 3stars is because of the food. The food was good, but average. It wasnt spectacular nor worth the price in my opinion. I ordered the NY Strip ($38) with 4 cheese mac and asparugus, and a side of squash. The vegetables were cooked perfectly (great texture and consistency), however they lacked seasoning. They had no flavor really. The steak was a huge disappointment. I ordered med. rare, had to send the first back because it was cooked to about well. The second one was cooked perfectly, but the meat had no flavor to it. No seasoning, nor natural flavor. Personally, i find the $13 USDA Choice Fillet at Texas Roadhouse to be of higher quality. It has a way better flavor and texture, and cost less than half the price of the NY Strip at Embers. My favorite part of embers tho would be the Bourbon selection. I had a Bulleit Rye on rocks, and then an Eagle Rare with tsp sugar on rocks. They have a huge selection including Pappy Van Winkle and Blantons. I definitely rate their alcohol choices 5 star.
This steak house is excellent! I was little taken back by the strip mall when we first pulled up and after our meal, both my sister and I agreed that this place could definitely stand on it's own! The ambiance is very nice inside and there is no dress code which was a bonus as I had on jeans and she had on capri's. Out of the gate, we asked for shrimp cocktail which wan not on the menu, the waiter told us the chef could make us some without a problem. It was excellent and the cocktail was on the spicy side just how I like it. We split the cowboy steak and lobster.. oh my it was amazing. Our sides were: truffle mac, asparagus and mushrooms. Everything was excellent but we agreed that next time we would not get the asparagus and mushrooms as the truffle mac was so much better. The steak was cooked perfectly and the lobster was sweet and delicious. This is an excellent restaurant for a special occasion or anytime you are craving the best steak you can get in Gainesville.
The food is really great! I had tuna, well done and it was perfect for the amount of time it was cooked and the amount of spice. I liked the ambiance inside. The entry to the restaurant is a bit tricky but you will make your way in. The desert which comes burning right in front of you is one of the must try dishes here.
I made reservations for a group of 8 family and friends. We were traveling from NC to attend my daughter's white coat ceremony at the vet school. The food was outstanding, service fabulous, great ambiance, so no problems there.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it was very difficult to make the reservations long distance.  They do not use Open Table for online reservations, so I emailed.  I got no response back to confirm so I tried calling.  I left messages because I couldn't get anyone live on the phone, but still no return phone call.  I finally got someone to answer the phone to confirm my reservation.  It shouldn't have been that hard. We will go back again when my daughter graduates in 2 years.  Maybe it will be easier to make a reservation by then.
Excellent steakhouse. It's one of the high end restaurants in Gainesville, and the food is fantastic. The exterior of the place is a little deceiving, but the interior is classy and exudes fine dining. The location of the entrance is a little hidden, past the Quiznos entrance in the back where they have a fountain in an enclosed area. The crab bisque is a definite must have as an appetizer, and the seafood and steak are what you would expect from a high end restaurant. It's a little pricey, but rightfully so. If you're looking to take someone on a fancy date or nice dinner out, this is the place to go.
Embers is located in the on SW 34th street just south Archer rd.  The location is not the best in town, but maybe it helps them keep their costs down so that's fine with me. The atmosphere in Embers is quite nice, they have closed private dining room for large parties, bar with booth seating, outdoor seating, and their open tables.   The food is the best in town in my opinion.  Start with the grilled Cesar.  Yes, they will actually finish the romaine head on the grill for about 5-7 seconds so that it has a nice wood grill smoke flavor to it.  I haven't tried all the appetizers but my favorite is probably  the Yellow-fin Tuna.  The crab bisque is also very good.  There are quite a few options to try as your main course, my favorite being the cowboy rib eye.  It's a 20oz bone in, cowboy cut that takes up half your plate.  If I'm not ready to head into a food coma, I'll usually order the 6oz filet (only $26 and is plated with 2 sides).  The sides are amazing.  Definitely try the white truffle mac, vanilla whipped sweet potatoes, and spicy prosciutto and cheddar grits.  For dessert, I recommend the chocolate chip cookies and milk, I know it sounds a little off, but you'll thank me after you order them.   The service at Embers is great.  I have been there a handful of times and have yet to have any issues.  It's what you would expect from a nice steakhouse but with Gainesville prices. Pro tip, if you just want hang out and have a casual drink and meal, order the burger.  It is a 3/4 lb patty made from rib eye and filet trimmings that also comes with two sides of your choice.
Had dinner at Embers tonite, and it was very good.  Excellent blue crab bisque, good lobster tails, fine spinach, and a special mac and cheese.  Recommended, although it is pricey--deservedly so. Two things the owners would do if they are smart: 1) Relocate their seating so that tables for two are not deafened by 9-10 jolly business people having loud fun. 2) Heat the plates so that food will stay warm while being eaten.
What an incredible steakhouse. The ribeye I had, came out wonderfully flavored and perfectly grilled. Possibly the best steak I've tasted (a notch below Ruth's Chris and Morton's). Didn't even need A1 or Worchestshire sauce. The sides that came with it were the lobster mashed potatoes and the mac n' four cheese. The mashed potatoes were delicious. The Mac and four cheese was good as well but didn't shock me like the mashed potatoes did. Service was impeccable. Water was always filled up when needed. The meal was rather pricey but heck, you came for good quality steak and service and that is exactly what I got. To me it was worth it and I will be back again for their short ribs and delectable desserts.
I went to Embers for the first time the other night and let me tell you, it is FANTASTIC! Right when we walked in we had two attentive servers making us drinks while we waited for our table. I ordered a mojito and it was one of the best I have had. Our table server was also very attentive and informative. I had the salmon with mac n' cheese and lobster mashed potatoes. The mac n' cheese was so-so, but the mashed potatoes were to die for! I would definitely recommend getting those, whether you like lobster or not. The salmon was also very well done. Perfectly cooked and delicious. Will definitely go back to Ember again!
Ehh I really thought the Embers was going to be outrageous but I was disappointed. Sorry The sweet potatoes were tasty but cold, the waitress brought be new ones but after the first bite they were cold also. The short ribs were tasty but more than 1/2 was fat. My hubby enjoyed his shrimp and scallops. The bread was good I would not rate this place excellent by no means. The Italian restaurant Francesca's is way better than Embers
This is a great place to have a classy evening in Gainesville.... which can sometimes be hard to find. The service was fast and polite and the meal was amazing! I started of with the crab bisque and I knew this was going to be a great meal. The bisque was creamy and full of flavorful with generous amounts of crab. What followed was a coffee rubbed flank stank that was cooked to perfection! Although Embers is a bit pricey, it was well worth it, it isn't a place for a typical night out, but if you are having a celebration or a special time, Embers is the place to go!
My business group was in town for a week long business trip and we dropped by Embers looking for a good meal.  There were ten of us.  Some of us were still dressed from our business meetings earlier in the day, some had already changed at the hotel in Jeans and Polos and other casual attire.  It was fairly early and in the middle of the week.  The restaurant looked no more than half full.  We asked for a table to accommodate our large party.  They said give them 10 minutes to put something together.   We waited outside.  15 mins passed, and just about that time a worker (busboy or waiter, not sure) came outside went into another door came back out with a table.  One of my colleagues asked him if that was for us, he said no that the manager was taking care of us personally. Five more minutes passed and we saw the manager talking to the hostess.  My colleague entered the reception area to speak to the manager only to have the manager walk away and disappear back into the main restaurant.  My colleague asked the hostess if our table was ready only for her to tell us the manager was working on it. My colleague replied "The restaurant is half empty, it should not take this long to put a couple of tables together." He then asked to have ask the manager to come speak with him. Another 10 or so minutes passed, the manager reappeared next to the hostess.  My colleague entered the reception area again, only to have the manager disappear back into the restaurant.  My colleague asked the hostess if she relayed the message to her manager only to have her reply that the manager was taking care of it personally.   That is when we left. I'm not sure what the issue was because we could never get the manager to talk to us.  Were those of us dressed casual to under-dressed?   If so why not tell us as soon as we arrived, we would have understood.  But to have us wait for over 30 mins to walk away empty handed and totally ignored...  I've never experienced that before. Another thing we noticed that every person that every party that was seated were old and white.  Our group had age in spades, (I was the youngest by a decade at 38) so that was not the issue.  The white we were lacking.  Only two of our group were white.  The rest were a mix of Asian, Black, Middle Eastern, and Spanish.  I'm not saying this IS the reason, but it is the only reason that would solicited the cold-shoulder rather than an explanation.
The only reason someone wouldn't give this locally owned place five stars is because they probably don't like to give anyone five stars. It's by far the best place in town. The ambience is terrific for any purpose-business, family or romance. The waitstaff is amazing- experienced professionals- not idiot kids. The wine list is great, and the food is perfect. For the dollar conscience order the 6oz tenderloin. It's delicious and comes with 2 of their creative sides. Their blue crab soup is rediculously good. Go here.
Came here right after graduation: the food was great, albeit not 5 star quality, but still worth the money. Hosts and waiters are really nice and attentive. Great place for a fancy meal.
Really wasn't that impressed. The food was cold, loaded with butter, and not what you would expect for a "high end" restaurant - even for Gainesville. Decent atmosphere, but not worth the $$$. Pros: nice server, romantic setting that will definitely make you feel "high end", ...that's basically it Cons: server really didn't know the menu, he took forever to get us our check and basically anything else we asked for, food wasn't impressive in the slightest, not a unique flavor or menu
It really doesn't get better than Embers.  We have been here 3 or four times for dinner now and once for Easter Brunch.  The food and service a just amazing.  The steaks are excellent (as are the short ribs) and all of the sides are amazing.  Our favorites are the Spicy Prosciutto and Cheddar Grits, Lobster mashed potatoes and mac and four cheeses with truffle oil.  Nice wine and craft beer selection.  The Banana Foster Cheesecake is always a favorite for dessert.   Do yourself a favor and make a reservation now.  You won't be disapointed.
My second time and my second time of being overcharged and poor wait staff service.  I am amazed how busy this place stays, There must be a lot of old money in Gainesville. Again, if you can't cook go - if you can don't (go).
We had dinner at Embers last night and it was fabulous.  We ordered the escargot and the tuna for starters.  Both were delicious and portions perfect for sharing.  We both ordered surf and turf.  The crab meat was served with butter and it was plentiful and delicious.  Great service -our waiter chilled my wine glass as I like my Chardonnay well chilled.   I took off 1 star because we had a reservation and when we arrived there was no one in the restaurant yet the table they sat us at was positioned in an active walkway. Overall a great experience and fairly priced given the superior quality.
Excellent steaks(had filet), terrific servers(Jeremy and Dustin). Steak prepared perfectly, also had the coconut shrimp and filet flatbread appetizers which were delicious. Wish I would have read other reviews prior to going-I would have tried the crab bisque. Will definitely be back. Great selection of beers on tap including some local brews and extravagant wine list. Wish they offered more selections by the glass.
I would give Ember's six stars if I could. We just came back from this place and it has been the best food we've had in Gainesville by far. Maybe we just came on a good day, but from start to finish the meal was excellent. It gets pretty packed so id suggest getting a reservation if you can. We actually ate in the bar area and that was fine by us. We started our meal with the pepper and sesame seed crusted tuna with Asian slaw. It was seared very rare and the result was excellent. The tuna was fresh and buttery soft. The Asian slaw with pickled vegetables was an excellent addition to the tuna. Next, my husband ordered the crab bisque. I think this was his favorite bite of the night. I tried a bit and could see why. The bisque was thick and creamy with large pieces of crab and a piece of crostini. The texture was perfect. While you wait, they bring around their fresh bread with 3 choices: olive oil and sea salt focaccia, Parmesan crusted bread and roasted garlic loaf bread. I had the focaccia and it was great. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The house butter is a butter mixed with herbs de Provence, white pepper, garlic and salt. The waiter enthusiastically informed us that people often put the butter on their steak- they like it that much. Onto the entrees- we ordered the braised short ribs and grilled salmon entree. Both were excellent. The short ribs were tender and falling off the bone. Served with lobster mashed potatoes and 4 cheese prosciutto Mac and cheese with truffle oil, it was clearly very indulgent and full of flavor. Since I personally can't have dairy, I ordered the salmon with a side of zucchini and squash in a balsamic sauce and sautéed mushroom medley. I did not even miss the dairy. Everything was cooked to perfection and full of flavor. The salmon had a cedar-y smell to it and was moist and not the least bit dry. As for the desserts, my husband ordered the bananas foster cheesecake. I tried the bananas and pecan with the sauce and it was excellent. The cheesecake was smooth and rich, a perfect complement to the bananas. Overall, we had a great experience. Our server was busy but attentive to our needs. He knew a lot about the menu and made sure my dietary restrictions were addressed. The location is deceptive, it looks to be part of a strip mall but the interior is rich and inviting, as well as comfortable. There's seating outside which was also very nice. As I said before, it does get packed so a reservation would probably be a good idea. I am excited to find a place where every morsel of food was tasty and leaves you wanting to return. We had a great anniversary and can't wait to try those filet & rib eye signature burgers!
Their burger is made from choice cuts and is hands down the best u will find in town.  Also comes with two of their amazing sides.
Just did an anniversary here. We both ate the grilled caesar salad, the 12 oz. prime pepper-crusted ribeye (comes with two out-of-this-world sides), and the creme brulee for desert. I had never had a grilled salad, but I was pleasantly surprised. Had a great smokey flavor that was well complemented by the dressing. I had my steak cooked medium-rare and topped with bearnaise sauce. Very tasty with the IPA I ordered. The creme brulee was fantastic! They top it with bourbon and set it alight. Absolutely rich! The service we received was professional, friendly, and attentive. I paid $140, including tip, for two salads, two steaks, a dessert, and two beers. Later, we sliced up our leftover steaks, topped them with butter, and put them in a covered skillet over low heat with a splash of water (to retain moisture). Put that in some flour wraps with freshly sauteed onions and peppers, some sriracha and a little sour cream. That made the best steak taquitos I've ever had.
Okay it's a nice steak, but is it worth the abuse?  On the busy night we went, a couple of truly obnoxious alpha males were trying to bully the hostess into giving them tables - even though they didn't have reservations.  One guy made up a whole story about how his secretary had definitely called ahead, and he whipped out his cell phone and "double checked" with her that - yes - she had reserved.  He put on a little show for everyone.   And the hostess was a wimp and she just caved in and gave them both tables.  Including our table.  Those groups got a couple of  tables in the dining room, ahead of us ... and we (who had truly called ahead) got seated in the bar, right under the TV.  I can eat in front of a TV at home, thank you very much. Then our waitress talked down to us as if we were a couple of invalids. She kept saying "we" when she meant "you":   "Have we been here before?" she asked.   "What would we like for dinner?"  she inquired, and then afterwards ... "Do we have room for dessert?'' Omigod. Not going back. Ever.
Could not find the place....on SW 35th PLACE.  Not Street... yelp error.  The place does not answer their phone except with an answering machine...how cheap...for a fancy restaurant!
All I can say is WOW! Embers offers quality food and quality service! It was one evening after an UF event that we decide to look around the area to feed a family of 5's tummies. Behold, Yelp, we find Embers that is highly rated and the pictures were very enticing. We arrived shortly after 7pm ad walked up without a reservation. Bad news hit us and we were advise there weren't any tables for us until 10pm. Woah! Our tummies wouldn't last. But they were kind to offer us outside seating in their courtyard next to the water fountain, which was actually an excellent ambiance and the weather was great. All I want to say is that every bit of the meal was excellent! Every single dish! I had the honor to try a little bit from everyone's plate and was impressed! Starters- Gator tail - crisp and meaty, bite after bite, well seasoned. Crab bisque - creamy goodness with chunks of cravat in every spoonful with a crisp parsley and garlic toast to balance it out. Short ribs - two large, meaty, tender, fall off the bone meat, perfectly cooked and braised with a great load of flavors. King crab - all the work is done for you, all you have to do is fork it and put it into your mouth and enjoy the buttery sweetness of the king crabmeat. Shrimp & Scallop dish - big jumbo colossal shrimps wrapped around jumbo scallops and skewered, grilled and seasoned to perfection. Great value!! Special of the day - Venison Osso Bucco - great recommendation by waiter! It is braised with Guinness and it was not gamey in flavor whatsoever. The best part was digging through the bone and pulling out every bit of the buttery marrow!   Sea bass - option to grill or bronze. Grill it is ... Flaky and sweet, nice sized potion of fish for one, enough to take some home for later. All entrees came with two sides and was well enough to feed the hungry eater. So much that we decided to skip out on desert. Can't wait until the next time in Gainesville to frequent Embers again. If you haven't been to Embers, what are you waiting for?!?!?!?! Hurry make a reservation!
It was pretty darn good. It was nice to be able to get a steak without being suffocated by everything Orange/Blue. It feels like youre in a nice restaurant not some tacky college Burger King They were extremely friendly and helpful there. I really enjoyed myself and the food.
Decided to take my husband out tonight for Father's Day and wanted the best meal in Gainesville, so of course we went to Embers!  We ordered the crab bisque and it was perfect as usual.  Large chunks of crab meat, melt in your mouth, and the base is creamy and seasoned to perfection.  The bread is served by the waiter in a large basket and is fresh and there are 3 options.  We had one slice of each, and were very happy we did!  It was absolutely delicious.  The herb butter added a little something special.   Now, on to the main entrees.  My 12 yr old daughter ordered the 6 oz filet with the addition of blue cheese, mac and cheese with truffle butter which is no ordinary mac and cheese, trust me!  She also ordered the grilled zucchini and squash that had a lovely balsamic reduction glaze.  Her meal could not have possibly been improved upon.  It was delicious, cooked perfectly.  My husband has the grilled snapper and I'm happy he was sitting next to me so I could steal a bite, or two, or maybe three.  It was heavenly.  I also ordered the 6 oz filet and I believe it was the best filet I've ever eaten.  I chose the same sides as my daughter so i wont repeat the review on them.  I have to say, hands down this was the best meal we've eaten in a very long time, if not ever.  It was from the very first bite, to the end of the evening, perfection. Other comments that may be helpful: Waiter named Justin was attentive, and met our needs before we had them. Price:  I'd say for Gainesville, its pricey, (6 oz filet with two sides $26 I believe) but have to say worth every penny!   Many dishes in the $30's, many options less.  Some items like Filet flatbread on the appetizer menu around $10'ish, so there are less expensive items you could choose.   Dress was business casual, all the men had collars, some ties but not many.   Children:  Very well behaved children would be welcome, loud children/or kids unable to sit at a table and use good manners would be a distraction.  We didnt see anyone younger than our 12 yr old tonight.   Atmosphere:  from the street you'd think you're at the wrong place, once you walk down the little hallway and see the outdoor seating with a water fall you realize it is beautiful.  Inside, nice/upscale/white table cloths/silverware, dark wood, beautiful and elegant.  Impressive for a date, or taking a colleague out to dinner. Reservations:  yes, especially if you'd like to go at peek hours/days.  We had a reservation and were seated within 5 minutes of walking in the door.   Bar:  We dont drink, but did see a beautiful/but small bar area which is tucked away to the side so not something that stands out at all.   Highly recommend!!
This is an incredible steakhouse in town. They served always outstanding meals like steaks. Embers Wood Grill offers quality food and quality service! I could not find a place like this.
My favorite steakhouse in the Gainesville area. The filet is always outstanding, but recently I have gotten the ahi tuna, which melts in your mouth. All of the side dishes are to die for. You can never go wrong with the mashed potatoes or the truffle Mac n cheese. I usually stick with the roasted mushrooms and the grilled zucchini and squash, which are full of flavor. All the appetizers are great, and the warm bread is a nice addition to the meal! I love this place!
I have been to this restaurant twice, for special occasions, and it has been consistently amazing. The first time, we sat outside at the patio area, around the fountain.  Lovely atmosphere.  The tables are far enough apart, so that you have a truly intimate dining experience with your party.   The second time, we ate inside, as it was too cold for outside dining.   The portions are perfect, and I can say I have never had steaks cooked so perfectly.  The lobster mashed potatoes are not to be missed. The dessert combo of champagne, and bananas foster cheesecake was divine. This, to me, is not a weekly watering hole, as it is quite expensive.  BUT, if you are looking for a special night out, and want a dinner well worth the experience, and cost...I highly recommend Embers.
Go and get steak. Comparable to the better steak restaurants in big cities. Sides and service are great.
God... I never give Five-Stars... but here goes: I went here with the other crewmember on a 3-day layover in Gainesville expecting a pretty decent meal, according to trusty Yelp.  The other pilot also had Embers on his Yelp and we came to the same conclusion of where to eat independently.   We ate at the bar and I enjoyed a nice IPA which complimented my steak entree very well.  Fresh bread and a garlic-y butter comes with your meal, and it's a nice starter if you appreciate a good bread once in a while. To my surprise, I had possibly one of the best steaks I've ever had at a restaurant - and as a pilot, you do get to eat at many different places.  This steak rivaled the best in NY - Peter Lugar's - and for me to say that... I... I just don't know myself anymore.. The 12oz Prime Hand-Trimmed Ribeye was flavorful, juicy, and had a distinct smokey personality that was in every bite.  I paired it with two included sides of Lobster Mashed Potatoes which was different and could have been a bit dry, and the asparagus which is glazed in a pleasant sauce and smokey to the taste as well.   To completely TKO my taste buds, I finished off the meal with a creamy apple streudle which must be relatively new, since I don't see it on the web menu.   Can't recommend this place enough.  I leave in 3 days, and my crewmember and myself already plan on returning before our departure.  Five Stars, by far.  And not too pricey (for NY prices anyway), as the above meal plus two drinks ended up being around $70 a head or so.
New steak and seafood place where MT's Chop House used to be.  It's great!  Lets see... we started with coconut shrimp (large shrimp, very delicious) and gator tail (not my thing, but it did have a light and crispy non-greasy breading).  Then I had a salad with arugula/goat cheese/grape tomatoes and aside from having too much dressing, it was very good.  They brought out a very crusty, non-sliced (grr) loaf of sourdough, which was impossible to slice at the table, so I skipped it. For entrees, they offer several kinds of Florida fish and several cuts of steak, among other things.  I had wood grilled grouper.  Yay!  A restaurant that gets it.  Fresh fish is at its best simply grilled; it doesn't need to be swimming in sauce.  Entrees come with a choice of two sides.  I chose mac and cheese and sauteed mushrooms.  The mac and cheese was very rich and filling, but some of the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  The mushrooms were flavorful and well-cooked (not mushy).  Other choices included grilled asparagus with bearnaise and lobster mashed potatoes.  Our bottle of red wine was served at the proper temperature - not warm, like so many places. Desserts included bananas foster over cheesecake, raspberry semifreddo, and several others that I can't recall but sounded more interesting than the ubiquitous key lime pie and molten chocolate cake.  We shared the warm cookies and milk - 2 giant, gooey chocolate chip cookies and a cute silver pitcher of milk with cups for dipping.  Simple and delicious! Our server was great.  Friendly and attentive without being intrusive.  Knowledgeable (and enthusiastic) about the menu.  Silverware was replaced and dishes were quickly cleared from the table.  He kept our water glasses filled even after we'd paid the check. Prices are definitely at the high end of what I've seen in Gainesville (most entrees $20s-$30s), but for the quality and quantity of food it is reasonable. Atmosphere was nice.  Wood floors, white tablecloths, dim lighting, comfortable leather chairs, well-spaced tables. It's not an everyday kind of place, but I will gladly return.
Now you all know (or can see) I don't give 5 stars out very often! My friends and I owed a buddy after taking care of us after a previous too eventful evening.  I chose Embers because I heard and read the food is really good PLUS I've been meaning to try it, so I killed two birds with one stone. The place is beautiful!  I was a little confused with the red carpet (I still think it's oddly placed) but they really took MT's old spot to the next level.  Walking in we all really enjoyed being treated as a guest rather than a number and the staff was working efficiently and was very knowledgeable over the menu items.   I was leaning towards the Cobia (thanks to April O.'s flabbergasting :p) and ultimately decided on that with the vanilla whipped sweet potatoes and the grilled asapragus bearnaise.  My friend chose the duck with mac and cheese and spinach, and my other friend chose the braised beef short ribs with grilled zucchini and mac and cheese. The bread that we were served was nice, fresh, and delicious.  We started with the crispy gator tail since my friend never had it before.  It was panko crusted so it was extra crispy and the zest remoulade helped cut the thick gator meat.  We were floored when we saw our entrees and getting them once the table was swept clean of bread crumbs (ooops). My cobia was cooked perfectly where it was super juicy and soft inside with a slight crispness on the edge from being grilled.  The asparagus were grilled with bits of black from the wood that added a nice earthy taste with the bitterness of the asparagus.  I probably would not order the sweet potatoes again, even though they were excellent; they were probably the easiest for me to make myself :). My friend's duck was absolutely amazing with a juicy red center and slightly sweetened edge.  I loved the mac and cheese.  But the real STAR of the show was the short ribs; it was HUGE.  The braised beef melts in your mouth and we literally had enough leftover to make a sandwich.   After having a home run in all of our meals, we just HAD to get dessert to seal the deal.  I tried to convince my friends to get the chocolate chips after reading about it so much, but we go the chocolate bombe.   It was totally worth it!  The dark chocolate ganache was perfect with the creamy mousse.   Impeccable service, stellar food, and the prices are ridiculously low for what they are giving you.  I'd chose this place over any other steakhouse in Gainesville at the time of this review.
I admit, when I first saw this place my initial thought was "... they changed concepts AGAIN?  How many restaurants are they going to toss in there?"  I am quite pleased to say that I really, really like this iteration.   We went there on Friday evening for dinner.   Our party of five started with the panko-breaded gator tail.  Two of the people at the table were initially iffy about the idea and then proceeded to eat half of the appetizer by themselves, ha :)   I had the "orange and blue" salad, which was mandarin oranges and blueberries over mixed greens with spiced pralines and a citrus-champagne vinagrette.  The dressing makes this dish a lot more interesting than it would be otherwise, but I personally found this salad to be drab (though it looks very pretty).  I think that next time I might go with the beefsteak tomato/vidalia onion salad.   Two other people ate this as well and seemed to enjoy it. Two guests split the stewed beef ribs and were absolutely stunned at the portion size.  I think they probably had a mutual 12 oz. of meat.  As I noted in my review for MT's Chop House, this dish is meat slow cooked in garlic and wine.  It comes out so very tender and silky that you'll find yourself trying to eat more when you're already too full :) One of our guests had the crab bisque for dinner, which she seemed to be enjoying.  At least, none of us got to try any! My husband got the "no mess" surf & turf, which is a 6 oz. filet mignon and half a pre-shelled king crab.  He can tell you what he thought of the plating on his own.  I remember thinking that it looked really eerie, as if a gigantic red spider was humping his steak.  Oh, well.  It tasted good. :) I ordered cobia with grilled zucchini/squash and the lobster mashed potatoes.  The cobia was just as the server described, a thick, steak-cut piece of fish that tasted wonderfully fresh on its own and quite delicious with the lemon/butter/wine sauce provded alongside.  The grilled vegetables were prepared with a minimum of seasoning and tasted very good.  I was most disappointed with the potatoes, which seemed to have maybe two pieces of langostino hidden somewhere in there.  They tasted fine, but not nearly as decadent as "lobster mashed potatoes" would imply. Finally ... dessert.  The server mentioned five, but I only had ears for the chocolate chip cookies.  Belle C. was dead right ... they are amazing and HUGE.  And there's more than enough to share, which is good because everyone will start grabbing at them as soon as they come to the table! I noticed that they now offer burgers made with USDA prime, which is always a tempting option ... Service is fine--less formal than MT's, but also more competent.  Our guests' food was actually returned to them upon request, which was always a gripe I had with the previous servers. I hear that the new MT's is open now, but Embers will probably sit at the top of my local steakhouse list regardless.  I will absolutely return, and you should too.
This is a really great place.  We went the day after valentine's day to celebrate an anniversary, and they gave us complimentary champagne.  Amazing!   The food is about the highest caliber you can get in town, similar to Mildred's or Paramount in quality.  However, the atmosphere at Ember's beats the others hands down.  It is a gorgeous location, very elegant yet understated.  It was very busy for a Monday night which was also a good sign. We had the mushroom strudel appetizer which was a highlight of the meal.  They have a great beer and wine selection, and my grouper was DELICIOUS, really, really good.
I went to Embers after reading all the hype on the other reviews. I was dining alone and just wanted some simple, good quality food. The overall experience wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything to praise either. The service was wonderful, I was a bit underdressed and sitting alone at the bar ordering no alcohol but the bartenders were very courteous. I didn't look like I was going to be an expensive bill for them, but I was treated just as if I was going to drop a hundred or so like the other patrons. I do agree with the other reviews of how delicious the blue crab bisque was. Smooth and creamy with just a hint of crab flavor until you bite into one of the large crab chunks. That's where it gets REALLY good, the meat was tender and flaky and so flavorful. Their fresh hot sourdough loaf is especially delicious when dipped in the soup - perfect flavor and crust. As an entree I ordered the grilled shrimp and scallop skewers with sides of roasted asparagus with bernaise sauce and zuchini and yellow squash grilled with a balsamic reduction. The vegetables were wonderful, I wish I would have just ordered them alone - it would have been a meal in itself. The seafood was a bit disappointing. The shrimp and scallops were large and plump, but lacked flavor. The scallops were cooked very well, but all I could taste was the char of the grill and a lot of salt - no natural sweetness that makes scallops so delicious. The shrimp were a bit tough due to their size and perhaps just a bit too long on the grill and they too suffered from lack of flavor outside of char and salt. I don't think there was any marinade or seasoning on them besides salt and I prefer mine either natural and sweet or in some sort of flavoring. This dish had neither and was a bit disappointing. Prices were as expected for a more upscale restaurant and the items served. Everything was definitely fresh and high quality, but I just didn't really get wowed by anything in particular. Would I go back? Only if someone I was with convinced me - I wouldn't go on my own whim. I can get better shrimp and scallops at Bonefish Grill for less money.
The app:  Coconut and Panko Fried Shrimp Her: Ribeye with Mac-n-cheese and another side I can't recall Me: The Burger with fries (not on menu but available) and Sauteed Wild Mushrooms While we were considering revisiting the Shrimp and Scallop Skewer we finally settled on the more pedestrian Coconut Shrimp; second only to the overplayed Tuna Tartare in terms of a staple appetizer.  Quite honestly the app was as good as Coconut Shrimp can get.  I liked the fact that the shrimp wasn't hidden under globs of breading but instead a perfectly cooked, light and crispy, coating of golden panko & coconut. The Ribeye was perfectly cooked (again) and the mac-n-cheese while muting the truffle flavor (again) had even better consistency than the previous time.  That's speaking volumes. The burger is the finest burger in town...by a lot.  The meat is far and away the star. It's a 50/50 blend of fresh ground prime Filet/Ribeye (my two favorite cuts) with slightly more fat than the standard 80/20 blend (usually straight Chuck) grilled over wood(!), perfectly seasoned and an absolutely ideal crust!  I ordered it medium and it was immaculately medium-- right on point! Not only is this the my favorite burger in Gainesville, I'm throwing the gauntlet down and declaring this my favorite steakhouse burger period (sorry Smith & Wollensky). But it's not all perfection.  The bread, an egg-based challah-like bun, does not hold up well to the juicy patty.  The way that it sponges up the juices turns the bottom bun so paper thin it almost vanishes when you're about half way through the burger.  As far as the burger proper that's my only bone of contention.  I think that something as simple as slicing it off center (more toward the top so there's more bottom bun than top bun) would solve the problem. The fries are merely okay.  I was hoping for those bistro-like pommes frites but instead was met with fries that would be more at home in a casual dining chain.  The sauteed mushroom dish was very good though;  all the tastes and textures were preserved through proper cooking. Dessert was the Stuffed Berry Napoleon which is served with fresh berries, puff pastry, berry compote and a drizzle of Creme Anglaise to top it all off.  A light finisher, it's the appropriate dessert to accompany both an espresso and a warm Summer's night--  and we made the movie!
If you want some great tasting steaks in Gainesville look no further, this is the place to come, but you have to be willing to pay for it. I decided to try the marinated sirloin steak under the chef specialties since my friend told me how good it was. I went and got mashed potatoes as my side. Everything was so good that I can't complain. By looking at the mall you wouldn't have thought of how the inside would look. The front of the restaurant from the outside looks normal, but if you walk to the back there is a pretty courtyard that I wouldn't have imagined it to be there, there is an option of dining outside since there were tables there. The inside had a very upscale look this would be a place that is good for dates, or to take your family out to a nice dinner if they like steak. I think I saw a private room for parties or big dinners.
Decided to FINALLY try this place after seeing everyone give it five stars.  The sign is deceiving because it makes the restaurant look tacky, but it's actually nice inside.  We were seated immediately, but it took a while for the server to come get our drink order and then get our actual order. It actually seemed as if he was ignoring us, because he was attentive to every table around us.  So not the spectacular service I was hoping for. We decided to get the calamari appetizer, split the caesar salad, I got the snapper and the bf got the chicken. For the main entrees, you pick two sides. I went with the lobster mashed potatoes and grilled squash and zucchini and bf went with the asparagus and the truffle mac and cheese. The calamari was just ok.  It was tender, but it just wasn't crispy enough, and I felt there was too much batter.  The sweet chili sauce it came with was ok, but it reminded me of just the asian sauce that comes from the bottle which you eat egg rolls with. The caesar salad was superb.  They grilled the romaine lettuce so it has a nice char, and the leaves are whole.  We asked for them to split the salad onto two plates and the portion was a good size for each. The complimentary bread that came while we waited for our meal was delicious. It was warm, crusty on the outside and soft in the inside.  The butter that accompanied it some type of herb butter which was tasty too. I got the snapper grilled and it was cooked PERFECTLY.  It came with a light butter sauce which was good, and wasn't too heavy to. The sides were delicious. Now we come to the reason why I don't give this five stars...the chicken.  Bf regretted not getting their steak, but he wasn't really in the mood for red meat.  The chicken comes stuffed with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes. However, the outside was VERY chewy and the inside was too rich.  He only ate half of it. His sides were good, but again, the chicken just wasn't tender. I even tried a bite and I thought it was too overcooked. We were too stuffed for desert, but tables around us got a cake that looked yummy.  The prices really aren't that bad for what you get. The portions are big, so expect to get a box to take home left overs.
Looks questionable from the exterior (strip mall, next door to Quizno's) but hey, it's Gainesville.  The interior does not disappoint.   Complimentary champagne for our anniversary.  Appreciated the thought. Gator tail app - very good.  Bread eventually came, it was fresh with a nice spread. The 10 oz filet mignon was nicely cooked and the two sides: bourbon sweet potatos and mac/cheese were good.  For about 40 bones it's a pretty good deal.   The bananas foster cheesecake was MONEY! Great "occasion" restaurant.
I guess that I was not as impressed with this restaurant as I should have been.  There are plenty of steakhouses in Gainesville that are about half the price for a decent cut of meat.  You might have to endure country music and peanuts.  Embers atmosphere is amazing, but I could only see customers coming here for special occasions because the average Gainesville income does not support this sort of establishment. Overall, the food was mediocre in my book.  Mostly because Embers was trying the same entrée and side dish items that are popular in Manhattan steakhouses and trendier restaurants.  For example; lobster mashed potatoes, braised ribs, and truffle mac and cheese.  I must say that the lobster mashes and the mac and cheese were among my favorite items served at Embers- maybe they should just offer a country vegetable plate.  Now that is truly Gainesville.   The braised ribs were tender and delicious and worth every penny.  But, the stuffed chicken was dry and left more to be desired.   The bread service was rock hard and we were not able to break through the crust to eat it, so we gave us eventually.  The Calamari was very cookie-cutter and the thai chili dipping sauce tasted straight out of the bottle.  I love calamari, and it is something that I always order, and to be honest it is more unique at Bonefish.   Feel free to throw my review out of the window because we did not order steaks.  But, seriously, I could not bring myself to pay that much for a steak in Gainesville.  I have been to some of the great steakhouses in America and I just knew that this would not match up to the price paid.
I had the ribeye and it was outstanding. The mac and cheese was also very delicious. I did have it without the truffle oil however as I'm not a fan of it. The asparagus however was bland and needed seasoning. They also had an issue with their Stumpknocker Swamp Head beer and it tasted terrible so we opted for the Big Nose instead. Now the reason why I couldn't give this place a 5, the service. Our service was terrible. We went a 20 minute stretch without seeing or hearing from our waiter meanwhile having empty beer and wine glasses. He missed out on selling at least 2 more pints of beer and another glass of wine because by the time he came by, we were nearly ready to leave. He was very unenthusiastic about the food and his recommendations and presentation of the specials were just blah. I expect to have full drink glasses when paying this much for a meal. Overall a great experience and would go again!
I thought I had already done a review on Embers, I guess I was wrong. Simply put, my favorite real restaurant in Gainesville. Nice atmosphere and the service has always been attentive and friendly. It is on the high end of the price scale for Gainesville restaurants, but it's well worth it. The $12 ground ribeye burger is huge and with the 2 sides, it's an excellent deal. I've had the filet and a couple other dishes and they never disappointed. My favorite sides are the lobster mashed potatoes and 4 cheese macaroni, though the prosciutto cheese grits were really good as well. The appetizers are a little pricey for the small quantity, so I usually skip those now. Now my favorite part of Embers, it's the only restaurant in town I'll order liquor anymore. Almost every other place, get a glass of bourbon or scotch and you get a measured 1.5 oz pour for $6-$8 for crappy bottom shelf brands. Embers, you get at least 4 oz for $8-$12 depending on the quality. Never been disappointed with the price/volume combo for a nice glass of Balvenie. It's also funny to think that at that very location 16-17 years ago, I was playing putt-putt golf, arcade games, and hitting in the batting cages in that very location.
I read the previous reviews, visited G-ville for the first time this past weekend, and was in the mood for a nice steak and some ambiance.  Def. surprised that a more upscale restaurant is in a strip mall!  Prices were very reasonable to me.  I think if you aren't used to "city" prices, this place may seem overpriced for it's location. The Good - Our server was friendly, professional, and attentive. Both my date and I had the filet mignon, medium rare.  Cooked to perfection.  And the sides?  Amazing!  Mac and cheese, beefsteak tomatoes with blue cheese - decadence overload!  We were sadly too stuffed for dessert. The Meh - Extensive wine list, but not many by the glass.  I drink red, my date usually drinks sparkling, so we don't like to get a bottle. The Ugly - Dirty tables and dishes EVERYWHERE.  The bar was covered with glasses waiting to be washed directly in front of patrons seated there.  Tables with dishes and dirty linens sat for over 30 minutes in the dining room.  If this place is claiming to be "upscale", hire a busboy!  I don't know if staff called off that night, but I don't want to sit next to a table full of dirty napkins and dishes while I'm trying to enjoy a 30 dollar steak.   *Note* Best to make reservations.  We called earlier in the day and secured one, but saw many people come in without only to be told the wait was over an hour.   Some of the reviews I read claimed this was more upscale for G-ville.  My date and I were dressed nice;  most of the other patrons were casual. Overall, food and server above and beyond.  I hope that night was just a fluke with the clean-up service.
This place was completely off my radar screen until I stumbled upon the Yelp reviews. They were so glowing, I wondered if they were posted by friends and family. No more wondering. They're legit! I had the best dinner experience I've had in Gainesville in a very long time. They nailed every aspect: + The ambiance was very romantic and upscale. Piano and bass player made great background music that didn't have to shouted over. There is outdoor dining on a pretty courtyard. Too cold for that this night, but I love to eat outside so I'll be back for that. + Waiter was attentive, friendly, knowledgeable. Very much on his game. When I said I need another couple of minutes with the wine list, he was at our table as soon as I had it closed. + Wine list was extensive. It was priced fair. I always appreciate a few bargains on the wine list as that's where the folks I dine with are going to rack up the charges and I didn't find any, but as long as I'm not getting hosed, I'm a happy camper. + Everything we ate was absolutely delicious. Each entree came with two side dishes and the selection of side dishes was as interesting and tempting as the entrees themselves. I thought it was a damn clever idea as it seems most of the time, the side dishes don't rate much more than afterthought. Lobster mashed potatoes, grilled Vidalia onion, asparagus w/ Bearnaise sauce... too many to remember, but I remember thinking... I'm coming back just to work my way through THAT list! + The dishes were cooked to perfection. I don't eat meat and a "steak house" wouldn't be my first choice for dinner, but I knew from check their web site there was a good selection of seafood. I ordered snapper and it was available prepared a couple of different ways. I was craving something "smoky" and ordered it cooked on the wood grill. Total crap shoot, I know, as it would take nothing to ruin a piece of snapper on the grill. I gave my waiter the opportunity to steer me off that and he assured me it would arrive moist and not over cooked. He was right. I can't wait to go back!
I don't know about you, but when I think "Gainesville", I think of Florida Gators and tailgating and Heisman Trophies.  I most definitely do not think of fine dining. But you know what? Gainesville surprises. This place was highly rated by my fellow Yelpsters, so we decided to give it a whirl for a recent business dinner.  We were all highly, highly impressed. You pull up to a typical shopping center strip, and think, huh? This looks like Subway Sandwich land.  But there's a walkway through to a courtyard in the back, which is used by the steakhouse for outdoor dining in warm weather.  And a very nice restaurant is hidden back there, out of view of the highway. The steaks are outstanding.  Top quality prime beef, as good as anything you can get in a high end New York steakhouse.  They make a big fuss over the fact that they wood grill the meat, and you think "yeah, whatever".  But you can really taste the difference, compared to steakhouses that merely broil and roast the meat.  The smoke is there.  And it's fantastic. The wine list was large, with lots of excellent wines, and the prices were ridiculously reasonable.  So reasonable, we wondered if someone had printed a whole bunch of mistakes.  But no. Portions were huge. Side dishes were excellent (especially the truffle mac-n-cheese and the lobster mashed potatoes). This place should be at the top of your dining list in Gainesville.
Awesome steakhouse located on 34th st.  We sat outside in the courtyard which was nice and they were very accommodating with all of our kids. Only complaint: no sweet tea... but the server made us some simple syrup so we could sweeten our own, so that made up for it!  Started off with the crabcakes (amazing), filet mignon flatbread (delicious) and the scallop and shrimp skewers (yummy).  For the entree, I split a 10 oz. filet with mac & cheese and the sweet potatoes..... soooo good I cleared my whole plate. I also got to try the tuna steak which was pretty good and the coconut shrimp which was soooo good!  For dessert we finished off with a piece of chocolate something-or-other (cake, torte, pie?)  IT WAS INCREDIBLE! Highly recommend... a bit pricey but worth every penny.
Best meal of my life. We went for our anniversary and were met by the owner at the door to congratulate us and offer us champagne, a real nice touch. If you like steak, get the filet. The 6oz is less than $30 and comes with two sides. The filet is nothing crazy, no overpowering spices or odd sauces; it is simply a superb cut of aged meat cooked to perfection. I feel comfortable calling it the best steak in gainesville.   As for the sides appetizers and desert, we got calamari, truffle mac n cheese, lobster mashed potatoes, and the berry pastry (forget the name!). The mac and cheese was absolutely amazing and rich. The lobster mashed potatoes were alright...definately the weakest link if I had to pick one. Loved the app and the desert, although they are my favorite at every restaurant. :) I highly recommend talking to the  sommelier if ordering wine but be warned, the wine is the most expensive part of the meal. The wine was fabulous though! Bottom line, don't pay $20 for a steak at outback when for an extra $5 you can get the best steak in gainesville. :)
I went here for my birthday with my BF, and I must say I was impressed with my 1st visit. Due to the lack of nice restaurants in Gainesville, in my opinion this is one of the nicer ones. I think this restaurant is great for special occasions. The waiter we had was extremely friendly and knowledgeable and helped us out with choosing that to eat. We tried the Gulf of Mexico Blue Crab Bisque and it was divine. So creamy and delicious... I would've eaten an entire pot.. but I wanted to save room for our main courses. We had Chilean Sea Bass and the 12oz Prime New York Strip, both which were flavorful and super super good. The meats were tender and cooked just right. The sides that we had were Vanilla Whipped Sweet Potatoes, Lobster Mashed Potatoes, Mac and Four Cheeses with Truffle Oil, & Grilled Asparagus with Béarnaise. I am in love with any kind of mac and cheese...but this one was SO GOOD. I wished I ordered 2 sides of them. MMmmmm. The other sides were equally as delicious, but man I couldn't get enough of the mac n cheese.
I don't get the rage. Pretty typical upscale steakhouse. Airy, piano music, quiet.  Our group of 8 was by far the loudest group in the room (we're not THAT noisy). Then menu looked awesome.  Plenty on there to choose from, which made things actually pretty difficult.  Yes, it's a bit pricier, but that's what we've come to expect out of "nice" steak joints. Went with the chef's special for the night, the surf and turf with crab and a filet.  Oddly enough, the crab and sides were delectable. Filling the plate, these guys were flavorful.  Appetizers also won me over. Now, the steak.  Disappointment.  I cant remember the last time I had a steak (any cut) as tasteless as the one from Embers.  I'll take any steak chain place over the filet I got.  I wasn't the only one in my group who had to leave some of a 6 oz cut left on the plate because I didn't want to eat it. 3 stars because of the steak.  Sides and appetizers saved the day. Also...since when do folks add tip to the bar tab before you get it?
Visiting out of town our friends suggested this restaurant. We had to wait 45 minutes to be seated after our reservation time.  Hostess seemed frantic and unorganized, though friendly enough. We were given our first round of drinks comp (announced to us by the waiter--not the manager as one would expect for such a wait).  In an age of health consciousness, this place confuses me. I felt as though I were at that fancy dinner place with my grandparents 25 years ago.  The food was rich, salty and fatty.  All the food was rich, salty and fatty-- from the bread, sides and the assortment of entrees chosen by our table. The taste of the food was acceptable--though most could have used less of the course salt.  Even the side of asparagus had a heavy béarnaise sauce. I had the domestic lamb and it was good. I ordered it rare and each chop was seared on one side only. I had to scrape off the glob of dressing on my grilled salad. The hickory smoke flavoring on the meats and dishes didn't taste real. Not sure what that was about, but both my husband and I burped it all night. I think as we move into the farm to table era of eating these kinds of places will still persist-- because it is what people want in food. We have been conditioned to embrace salt and fat, we equate that with taste. The wait staff were OK. I would say for the prices I would have expected a little more attention (long waits, empty water glasses, plates lingering after meals were complete, had to ask for check). The ambiance was like a large banquet room. Don't expect light food or a light check.
Definitely impressed. We went here for Valentine's Day, and they had a prix fixe menu, so slightly different from their normal items. $50 per person, which I thought to be fair with soup, salad, entree, and dessert. I had the crab bisque which had large chunks of crab and very smooth. I had the orange and blue salad and the boy had the spinach salad. Ours was slightly underdressed but I prefer my salads that way, tastes fresher that way. I ordered the strip steak that came with lobster mashed potatoes and shrimp. Everything was cooked very well and seasoned perfectly. Like April O. mentioned, lobster was definitely lacking in the lobster mashed potatoes but they were fine potatoes nonetheless. Boyfriend ordered the duck, which was done so, so well. Cooked perfectly medium, so tender and juicy, wow! For dessert we ordered the mousse bombe, which is chocolate mousse covered with ganache, as well a poached pear in wine served cold. Great ending to a great meal. Service was attentive and our glasses were never empty. There's also a very nice outdoor seating section with a pretty fountain, look forward to sitting there in the warmer months.
Embers Wood Grill has stolen my heart and my stomach. Last night I went with a small group of friends to the newly opened restaurant that serves only USDA Prime Cut Meat and boasts a certified Court of Masters Sommelier as one of its three owners. We sat in the back by the wine bar and I instantly felt like I was in a New York City restaurant. The decor was upscale yet warm, and I really liked the exposed wine shelves behind the bar and in the main area of the restaurant. It was like being in a wine cellar without having to go underground. They even keep a $1,000 bottle of wine in glass casing in the center of the restaurant. After leisurely enjoying a glass of their Sagelands Riesling and devouring a scrumptious bread loaf with garlic butter (I don't know what they put in that butter but I swear it's addictive.) it was time to order. For an appetizer we ordered the Crispy Florida Gator Tail with zesty Remoulade. Now I've had gator in Louisiana, but these tails were melt-in-your-mouth amazing. Lightly battered and flash fried, the tails were light and crispy without making me feel like I was clogging my arteries just eating them. The presentation of the main course was spot on. My Filet Mignon Flatbread with goat cheese and carmelized onions was tender and juicy with a slight crunch from the flatbread. The filet was a deep pink just the way I like it. Everyone else ordered the burger with varying sides. The Lobster Mashed Potatoes alone are a good enough reason to stop through Embers. A mix of sauteed lobster and butter whipped potatoes, this dish combines two of my favorite things without tasting too fishy. At some point during our meal two of the University of Florida's star football players, Brandon Spikes and Brandon James, came to sit at the bar behind us. Being the outlandish person that I am I went up and talked to them. Yes, Brandon Spikes will be playing against South Carolina on Saturday. And yes, you will be sure to see me at Embers again and again.
I agree with Ryan below me... you wouldn't think a high end restaurant next to a florist and a Quiznos would be 'awesome', but we were pleasantly surprised. I won't go on a long diatribe about the food/decor, but I can say it was delicious. My wife and I have eaten at Ruth's Chris sine 2004. I've had the same waiter since then and the service there is unquestionable, as well as the food. So we half expected this place to not stand up to our scrutiny. We are also rather young to be eating at places like this as frequently as we do, so my only 'complaint' is that the waiter, a veteran, kind of judged our book by its cover and I think, assumed we were terrible tippers. Our bill was $92, I left him $30 BTW after the service got on par once he chatted me up and relized I wans't a college kid (31) celebrating my one month anniversary with my 'girlfriend'. I don't blame him one bit to be honest. Gainesville is terrible in the service industry as far as good service is concerned - because of college kids being cheap. Anyways. The other reviews are right. The sides are huge and can be shared AND they come with my steak. I could eat here alone at the bar and get out of there for under $35 tip included (if I didn't bring my wife). The food was delicious. My steak was delicious. My wifes salad was delicious. I'll definitely be eating here again. I've been to Marks and was not wowwed at all. The service was lackluster, the food lackluster and the atmosphere was not what I'd call, comfortable. Still have yet to goto MT's (we just moved here), so I can't say Embers is the best... but it DEFINITELY was better than some other very expensive steak'er'ies that I've been too, especially for the price!
First 5 star rating I've given. Bottom Line: The best restaurant I've tried in Gainesville (I've tried about 8). Went there twice in the last week, once as a couple and the other with family in a party of 5. The service, atmosphere, and food were perfect on both occasions.  Service may have been a little slower as a couple, but not insufferably so. What was tried over two dinners: Appetizers - Crab Bisque, Shrimp and Scallops on a Skewer, Crab/Lobster Cakes, Gator-tail,  Coconut/Panko Shrimp Entrees - Lamb Shank, Sliced Duck, Filet Mignon 6oz and 10oz, Stuffed Chicken Breast. Sides - Mushrooms, Lobster Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus. EVERYTHING was a 9.5/10 easy...Worthy of particular praise were the steaks, crab bisque, and sauteed mushrooms. Desserts are amazing as well - Tiramisu, Creme Brulee, and Apple Tarte Tatin. Also, it's reasonably priced considering the food quality and service.  About $50-$70 per person with 2 alcohol beverages, appetizer, entree, and dessert. A must try!
Two people here for a first-time visit. We tried the surf & turf and the buffalo. Buffalo - pretty salty, as was the asparagus. Ordered medium rare, came out medium. But the Mac & cheese side was amazing! Surf & turf: Crab was cooked well and delicious; Filet was tender and also cooked appropriately. Lobster mash side was just OK - on the dry side. The star of the evening was the blue crab bisque, which had huge chunks of crab and was amazing. Waiter was pretty bad. Inattentive at best - those seated after us were able to order and get food before us; didn't get bread (as other tables did) until done with soup course; checked on us very infrequently; very slow to refill drinks, etc. Overall, might try this place again, but wasn't thrilled with the results this time around given the overall $$ vs. quality on the particular items we tried.
We held a major event here, with over 20 in attendance. Our table was in the bar, which worked out fine as we basically had enough privacy to converse. The servers did a nearly great job, bringing all our meals at nearly the same time, except for one, which was somehow lost in the excitement of serving such a large party. The steaks were tasty, due to a liberal application of salt. My medium-rare steak was perfectly cooked, with a nice crust but perfectly rare at the center to match my carnivore tendencies. The sides were good, but not particularly memorable. If you need a solid steak place for business or pleasure in Gainesville, I'd recommend this one.
Dinner 6/11/13:  Excellent.  The menu had some very interesting items for sides, salads and soups, in addition to the prime meats and fish.  The blue crab bisque was excellent.  Then I ordered a fire grilled Caesar salad - very good too and a nice twist from the basic salads you get most of the time.  For the main course I ordered the 10 oz Fillet Mignon - medium rare.  Cooked to perfection and very tasty.  The two sides I ordered were the fire grilled beefsteak tomatoes stuffed with blue cheese and grilled asparagus w Bearnaise sauce, tarragon and butter. Ambiance: From the outside I would not enter this place in a strip.  Once inside, it is all different and an outstanding bar and wine tasting room.  I never made it to the dining room, ate at the bar.  I found it on Yelp. Quality: Excellent, as noted above Value: Excellent I would return, maybe tonight.
What an incredible treat ..  my wife and I were on  a date and wanted to try a new restaurant for us  .. . We started with splitting the blue crab bisque .. out of this world and great beginning .. they also serve sour dough bread and the combination left the bowl clean ! All of the food is fresh, NEVER frozen. She had the Chef Special Saffron and Leak Black Grouper... It was out of this world and seasoned to perfection.  She had the lobster mashed potatoes and Grilled Local Zucchini and Squash ... both incredible. I had the 6 oz prime filet with the four cheese macaroni with truffle oil and spinach .. the steak was some of the best I have had in some time (and I travel all over). The spinach is unrivaled as one of the best sides I have ever tasted. The right amount of salt and seasoning allowed it to be very unique.   As much as we had, we could not turn down the benets with mascarpone and spicy chocolate dips .. incredible ending to our wonderful night ... although it was quite expensive for most budgets, it is certainly a meal worth celebrating  .. I would not bring small children  as it is a nice dining experience and very leisurely .. we WILL be back!
I had the Ribeye and it was amazing. The Mac and Cheese is tasty too. I highly recommend the desserts as well. The menu, for a small southern university town, is a bit pretentious and "Foody". For a picky eater, the sides might seem a bit out there for most people. Great food though!
Excellent service, stellar food, nice atmosphere.   Hubby and I shared a few items: Blue Crab Bisque:  Amazing!  This is a very creamy and delicate soup.  I think it's my favorite crab soup in G'ville. Fire Grilled Caesar Salad:  Oh my!  I've never had this before.  They grill smoke the romaine, which gives it an earthy, nutty, roasted flavor.  The dressing is delicious (not for those who don't like garlic), and the cheese cracker is scrumptious (reminds me of cheese straws but on a much fancier level. Honey Glazed Long Island Duck Breast:  Wow again.  The duck was so tender and melted in my mouth. The restrooms were nice and spacious.  Note the washcloths at the sinks for one-time use.  Make sure you throw away the paper into the paper trash and the washcloth into the washcloth basket.  Some peeps neglected to do so, which was sketchy. :) It's a little pricey for me, so I can't go too often, but it was well worth the moolah.  We look forward to treating ourselves again.
The not so good: Waiting almost 5 minutes before the hostess appeared at the entrance. Service was a tad slow. Enough to be aware we were waiting for food or drink. The good: Beautiful interior. Nice live music in the background. The great: Outstanding staff. Steaks cooked to perfection. Grilled Cesar salad a wonderful surprise. Killer desserts. The above and beyond: We were initially seated in the bar area which was quiet when we arrived but gradually became too noisy for comfortable conversation. We asked to move to the main restaurant area and were accommodated immediately and kept our server. All this done with a smile. The verdict: Highly recommend if you love steak and a great atmosphere.
Was in town for business and decided to check this place out; it came up in the search for nearby restaurants at my hotel. Since I was dining solo I headed to the bar, which was pretty empty on a Monday evening (fine with me). I was impressed with the selection of wine as well as spirits- lots of small-batch bourbons and gin to choose from! Ultimately I had a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, which is my go-to. For dinner I had the burger, which is a pretty good deal at a mere $12 (compared to 4x that for some cuts on the steak menu). It was perfectly cooked and came with bruschetta topping (basil on a burger was unexpected but very tasty) and nice melty fontina. For my two sides, I chose the cheese and prosciutto grits and the grilled asparagus. The grits were cheesy and creamy, but WOW were they salty! As a confessed salt fiend, I almost never find this to be the case at restaurants, but these were potent. The asparagus was really nicely grilled- still a bit crisp but with good char on the outside. Overall, the food was very good, and I found the portion size to be appropriate. Service was perhaps a bit stiff at first, but as I sat for a bit and attempted conversation with the bartender, it got better. I will definitely return next time I am in town.
Took my bride here for our seventh wedding anniversary , and we were not disappointed! If I had anything bad to say , it's that they didn't have more wines by the glass. My wife likes a Mascato,and I love my cab, so the bottle thing didn't work for us. But that's all , and I mean ALL , that is what I didn't like. My bride had the fillet and king crab, and I had the breast of duck. Both were AWESOME! Not to mention they had two glasses of champaign at our table for our anniversary ! We will definitely be back.
Yum!
I rarely Give out 5 star especially for restaurant in Gainesville...  However, this restaurant was phenomenal.  I had a reservation for valentine day for 9pm but decided to Go early to See if we could be seated earlier.  They seated us within 20 min. Atmosphere:  4/5 -the place was classier setting Than I expected.  It was an older crowd of Ppl dining in.  Sitting down in a table,  looking around the restaurant -  it felt like I was not in Gainesville but in a big city.  So the feeling of a subtle change of scenery for me was not expected. Overall,  it was a great atmosphere to be in.  It could have used a piano live performer- that would have been cool or a jazz band   Food:  we had the 4 course valentine menu.  No prices was shown. Thank god cuz I didn't want my date to know about that total. :X  soo  Both of us ordered the lobster bisque soup. , organic salad,  ny strip with lobster mash potatoes and the coffee custard with kahlua.  Except I ordered medium and she ordered medium- rare. Cuz I wasn't sure if they would do the steak properly.  Soup came out to be phenomenal-  gone in 30 sec ,  salad was Allright. Needed more ingredient-  especially for the price we paid for the meals. The best part-  the steak and mash potatoes -  5/5 -  best lobsters mashed potatoes tasted. Steak was cooked accordingly.  But I should had the steak  medium rare like my date did.  I tried a piece from her and She was right. It tasted much better and flavorful.   The dessert was a coffee custard with kahlua on the bottom.  Overall it was a well blended dessert but i would still have preferred Tiramisu over it. The price of the dinner was more than I anticipated but for the service, the quality of the food,  fast paced of the serving of the food. It was worthy.  And you cannot put a prize on a moment of happiness of a great night with great company,  having a great time in a great place.  However,  I Will be back to try the beef short ribs that I heard so much about. Recap-  great place, great food and great service!
I am hesitant to post another 5 star review because I fear Yelp will filter them but I refuse to downgrade this review at the risk of the automated filter system...so here goes: I had an absolutely delicious dinner with my son while visiting the Gainesville area over the Thanksgiving holidays. We both decided to end my visit with a nice steak dinner at Ember's. It was his first time dining there. I will agree with the previous reviewers that the outside does not do this restaurant justice. Once you enter the softly lit and sophisticated dining room you are transported into another world. The service is polished and professional. While it may be a steak house, there is something on the menu for everyone. I could even bring my pescetarian daughter here and she would be very happy. I chose the 6 oz. filet mignon which came with a choice of two sides (went with the sauteed spinach and the grilled zucchini) and my son chose the surf and turf, filet mignon and shelled red crab with drawn butter (he got the lobster mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach as sides). For beverages he got the Swamp Head IPA and I got the California flight of whites (champagne, savignon blanc and a chardonnay). All I have to say is this bartender has one generous pour. Our meals were absolutely wonderful! The steaks were tender and done exactly as requested. My son especially loved his lobster/garlic mashed potatoes. I also enjoyed my sauteed spinach. It was a great meal, just enough to fill us but we didn't leave uncomfortable which can sometimes be the case at a steak house. While we were there (the Friday after Thanksgiving) it was wonderful to see many families and couples also enjoying their meals. It is obvious that the community knows about Embers which makes me glad. I want to be able to return on future visits to Florida.
If you continue to have folks take pictures of your plating poorly, then you will not give a great impression.  It appears that the sauces are over portioned and the individual items are not separated
This place was quite surprising.  I am from Chicago and we he have some of the best restaurants. This place was on par. Crab bisque was awesome as was the grouper and mashed potatoes. Prices were very reasonable for what you get.
I am definitely a fan of Embers! They have great quality food and good service. Their prices are a little high considering what you could get for these prices in Miami or any other large city...but this is probably the highest end restaurant in Gainesville so I know that they can easily charge these prices. They really try hard to please you here which is great. They have good fish and steak and nice sides (except for the grilled zucchini...its just a zucchini cut in half and grilled, terrible). They have really good salads too with very fresh lettuce which I really appreciate. They have great desserts as well. Their style of cooking is a very old fashioned, the sauces for fish are super old school. They could definitely do with a menu update. The decor also could do with some updating, it really has no style. But, since you really can't get a good steak anywhere else in town, we will definitely be back!!
I had dinner here for Fathers' Day with my family and was pleased but not overly impressed. For a restaurant of its caliber in Gainesville, Embers is probably doing just fine and, in fact, as well as we should really expect. However, if you're seeking something that's truly innovative, this is not it. The location in a small shopping center is a bit odd and the interior is nice, but in a very generic way and with the considerble amount of open space, dim lighting, and tan carpet, it reminded me for all the world of an upscale hotel's restaurant. The service is alright, but a little unpolished in places. Certainly, our waitress tried and was friendly, but it was clear she's a college student who is working as a waitress--not someone doing this as a career as you'd ideally hope for at a fine dining restaurant, however, again, this is Gainesville and not New Orleans so . . . I had the duck with the sides of mac n cheese with truffle oil and spinich. All of this was quite good, but something Ruth's Chris was probably doing in 1995. My parents also were pleased with their dishes, including my father's steak. My salad was also good, and actually, was probably the best part of my meal. The only real complaint with things I have is that when I asked for tea after dinner--which was on their menu and listed as "loose leaf tea" it turned out that the tea was in bags but that "Loose Leaf" ws in fact the brand of tea . . . and, despite having around six teas on offer, they were out of the only black tea in the bunch. The rest were trendy flavored/green teas. An Englishman would have fainted. This is not how a good restaurant serves tea. If you're going to do tea at all, you do not bring the tea packets to the table, you have their flavors on a menu listed, and the tea is prepared in the kitchen or table-side by the staff, not just hot water brought with a tea bag to the customer. For what it is, a nice fine dining restaurant in a town a bit wobbly on higher-end restaurants, Embers is just fine. It's not exceptional, but it's good. I wish the interior felt less generic and were I the owner I'd look high and low for an old Victorian home to convert to a new site for the restaurant or something downtown.
Possibly one of the best restaurants in Gainesville! You will fall in love with their award wining Blue Crab Bisque and want to lick the bowl. It is absolutely delicious and I'm now addicted. lol The restaurant also has a very nice atmosphere. It's very elegant and romantic. You'd never know that from the outside. The steaks are also very delicious and tender. It's a steak restaurant. You can't go there and not try the steak. Also, try the lobster mashed potatoes. They are fantastic! Everything is fresh and authentic, no artificial ingredients.They also have awesome service and really cater to you. Embers is definitely a treat!
Very impressive. I was in Gainesville for an interview, and this is where they took me for dinner. This will be the first place I bring people when I have guests in Gainesville!
Good stuff for Gainesville . High end good food and pretty good service on a consistent basis. Usually need a reservation even on a weekday.  Great place for locals to splurge on a nice meal. Only four stars as some food items are average tasting but above average price. Go with a special if you can.
My wife and I went here tonight for my birthday dinner, and we were very impressed.  The atmosphere is fantastic, and the staff and service is top notch.  I was impressed by their wine and beer selection right off the bat. I had the Dogfishhead 90 Minute IPA (Awesome), and my wife had the Sierra Nevada Pale Ale (Oldie but goodie).  The food was very good as well.  I had the 12 oz. Rib Eye and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  I like the subtle use of seasoning on the meat, so you can actually taste the prime steak you are enjoying and not some season salt.  The mashed sweet potatoes were pretty dang good too, but the truffle macaroni and cheese was unreal.  My wife got the grouper, which was the best seafood we have found in Gainesville.  Like the beef, the seasoning was very subtle, so you could really taste the fish, and it was great.  She also got the sauteed mushrooms and lobster mashed potatoes, which were both delicious as well.   For dessert, we got the chocolate chip cookies and milk.  Simple, yet perfect end to the meal.   Overall this is one of the nicer places we have been to in Gainesville.  Would highly recommend it to anyone looking to have a nice meal for a special occasion.
The food was absolutely amazing. The only problem was we had a reservation for 8 pm, didn't get seated until 9. Not once did a manager come over and apologize. The surf and turf with the asparagus was to die for. They're lucky the food made up for the lack of communication.
Excellent quality meat and grill. Only tried once, but the meat melts in your mouth. It is way to pricey to visit frequently.
For Gainesville, this place gets 5 stars.  Compared to my local haughty, it gets 4 stars.  The crab cakes appetizer was awesome as were our steaks- filet and ribeye.  The cheesecake desert was lacking, but overall a fine steakhouse whose food can compete with other big city prime steakhouses. With that said, the ambiance is tacky as is the location (located in a strip mall). In addition, the service was spotty but this was due to our server having too many tables.  They are in dire need of server assistants, especially during football season.  If I'm going to drop $400 for dinner for two, I expect impeccable service.
I went to Embers for a business dinner with my colleagues, and I was extremely impressed. The food was not your typical steakhouse fare-- the menu had very interesting pairings and flavors.  Between the bunch of us that dined (about 7) we tried the majority of the menu, and there was not a single bad thing to say.  Every single thing we ordered was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. Yes, it is pricey (about $30-40/plate)-- but it's worth the money for the food alone.  The ambiance is just icing on the cake... the fountain and soft lighting, along with live music playing softly while you dine is perfectly suited for either a business dinner to impress or a very romantic dinner for two. It's a can't-miss if you're headed to Gainesville.
Nice! Loved the vanilla bourbon whipped sweet potatoes! Service and ambiance were nice and everything we ordered was good. DH had bison steak and it was really delicious. Grand Marnier made the creme brulee special.
Celebrated an anniversary, so a lot was riding on having an exceptional meal.  We started with John as our server who was quiet, professional, and attentive.  Between the 2 of us we shared three meals -- 2 filet mignons and king crab, which were accompanied by a total of 6 sides.  We chose cheese grits, beefsteak tomatoes and blue cheese, char grilled zucchini, French fries, asparagus, and lobster mashed potatoes.  Refer to the menu for descriptions.  The tomatoes and zucchini were DELISH!   Truthfully, all the sides were tasty and delicious.  The filets -- cooked medium rare -- were seared and charred with perfection.  I had a glass of Pinot Noir, which was smooth, mild, and room temperature (my favorite).  We ended with banana's foster cheesecake, per recommendation from John, and my smoking hot, soon-to-be wife had the flaming creme brûlée.  Yum!!!!!  Perfect ending to a perfect night. WILL BE BACK.
Food was good, and the table service was excellent.  The selection of wine and after dinner drinks here is quite large.  Certainly one of the better establishments in Gainesville.
Best meal you can get in Gainesville.  Not necessarily the best steak (I like Mark's for that), but to put together a meal, this place does it right. Bisque is a must order.  Mac n Cheese (surprising as that sounds) is fantastic.  Any piece of fish or beef on the menu paired with any side...it's just amazing.   Staff is top notch too, went there for our anniversary & they greeted as with a "Happy Anniversary."  Nice touch.
The food here was delicious, I am a bit of a food snob and I can say that this food was very good and reasonably priced for fancy foods.  My sweet boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and I had the grilled grouper, lobster mash potatoes, and mixed mushroom side which were all decadent.  Another favorite was the calamari, there was plenty served and large rings.  He got the grilled tuna, asparagus, and onion.  Personally, I thought the grilled grouper was much better since it carried the wood grill flavor through to every bite.
Pretty good all-around steakhouse. Beautiful atmosphere and pretty good selection on the menu. My wife got the lobster bisque and I had the Caesar salad to start. I would definitely order both of those again they were awesome! Fair prices for a nice restaurant. my wife had shrimp and scallops and I ended up getting a ribeye. The scallops were some of the biggest I've seen, and were very delicious. The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is  I've definitely had a better steak for less money. but all in all it's a good restaurant that I would definitely go back to.
Really nice restaurant, food is great, service is better. You MUST try the chocolate torte, it is to die for!
I love this place. I have never gotten less than stellar service and food here. Everyone knows about their steaks and sides, so I won't ramble on about those. I am here to praise their Easter buffet. It was wonderful. The food was placed out in small amounts so that everything was always fresh. It was also spread out so that there was never a crowd or long waits for anything, even though the restaurant was full. Embers did a good job with the planning. We had 11am (earliest seating) reservations. We got there at 11:06 and people were lined up. The hostesses did a good job of seating customers and we only waited in line a few minutes. The hostesses also let our daughter get chocolate eggs from their display basket. That was really nice of them. We had a patio table. The weather was beautiful and our daughter wanted to be outside. Our server was very helpful and and managed not to cringe when our daughter gave her an interesting smile. I didn't try everything on the buffet, but everything I did eat was very good to excellent. My only complaint: The strip loin was a little too rare most times that I went up. My partner did try almost everything. He said it was all very good. He said that the salmon was some of the best that he had ever had, anywhere. Below are some of the buffet items: * Mixed field greens, fresh blueberries, spiced pecans, & mandarin vinaigrette (Could make Lechter go vegetarian) * Organic Arugula with Cherry tomatoes, goat cheese, and balsamic * Buffalo Mozzarella and Fresh Basil * Butternut Squash Bisque * Shrimp and Mango Ceviche * Blue Crab Deviled Eggs * Chicken Salad with Apple and Spiced Pecans * Applewood Smoked Bacon (Applewood bacon is Satan's recruiter) * Maple Sausage * Organic Wood Grilled Vegetable Antipasto (The portobello mushrooms were exquisite) * Pepper, Tomato and Ricotta Frittata * Brioche French Toast with Frangelico * Bourbon Whipped Sweet Potatoes * Piquillo Pepper Creamed Corn * Caramelized Onion Home Fries  (I ate these like it was my job and I was being paid $300 an hour.) * Blackened Shrimp and Cheddar Grits * Omelet Station * Pepper Crusted King Salmon * Herb Crusted Pork Loin (Very moist and well seasoned. * Carved Prime New York Strip Loin  (YUMMMMMMMMM!) * Vanilla Bean Cheesecake with Berries * Belgian Chocolate Torte and Caramel * Chocolate Chip Cookies and Milk * Chocolate Fountain with Fresh Fruits * Cardamom Dusted Strawberries (These things were like little bits of heaven) The buffet was $35 per adult and $12 for children. Drinks were not included.  They didn't charge for my daughter (she mainly ate their chocolate eggs anyway), so I guess they have some sort of age cut off for kids. Under $80 for two adults!!!!!! I am still in shock over that. Usually, we are out of $150 or so when we eat at Embers. I think that Embers should have a buffet at least one Sunday a month.
Excellent food, perfect service, wonderful atmosphere.  Cannot say enough about this restaurant.  THE best food we have had in a long time.  Quiet atmosphere (which is hard to find these days).
The best steakhouse in Gainesville by far.  The only thing stopping me from a 5 star rating is the recurring problem of poor beer selection.  I'm a regular there, and the last three times I've been there it's been difficult to find a beer on the menu that they actually had available.  On the last trip, I first ordered a Bud Light.  The server returned in a few minutes and said he was sorry to report they were out of Bud Light.  So I went with Sam Adams Light.  The same thing - they were out.  So I asked for an Amstel Light and guess what?  OUT!  Finally I had a Stella - surely a good beer but this is a regular occurrence.  They just aren't too good at inventory.  And then typically their beer is not cold enough.  So, in a nutshell, great service, great food, great atmosphere, bad beer experience.  I'll still go back, but I think I'll just save myself some trouble and have a glass of wine.
Excellent! My husband had the king crab & Ny strip very good I had the short ribs that truly fell off the bone! We both had mac&cheese and lobster mashed potatoes for sides. Everything from the appitizers to main course and deserts were fabulous! The service was excellent and reasonably priced. Our next trip to gainsvile will include a stop here for sure!!!! Def recomend
Wonderful! Lovely food, charming atmosphere, and excellent service! Great for a date or double date.  If you are looking for a nice evening out this is a fantastic place. We are so glad we gave Embers a try (our friends kept telling us to go!). We are now official fans.
Food was excellent! The service was definitely questionable. Drinks went unfilled ,glasses of champaign were served flat, specials were never announced but we heard other servers announcing them. Asked the hostess why and she said the servers just make stuff up. For the price service was  more like a Wendy's !  Not a place I will ever return to.
Probably the best restaurant in Gainesville.  Great food and wine list.
Every time I go the waiting staff is incredible. Everything on the menu is top notch. You can make this place $$ if you order a burger, flatbread, salad, etc.
This place is just excellent. Think the 50+ other reviewers probably covered the details- will say one thing- my g/f craves the mac and cheese side (not your typical mac and cheese to say the least).
We decided to try embers at the last minute. We were going to go to marks but wanted to try something different.  Looked on yelp and saw the great reviews so embers it was. Embers is by far better than marks. We started out with a twenty year old Porto while trying to decide what to order. We started out with the foie gras. This is the only reason I'm giving it four stars. I know it is expensive but there was barely enough to spread on one tiny crostini. We did have a very good glass of white wine with it though. I also ordered the crab bisque. It was full of crab and so creamy and silky smooth. They had a special that you split of steak lobster and scallops with any sauce you would like. The steak was one of the best I have ever had. It had a nice char on the outside and perfectly medium rare. The lobster was poached in butter with clarified butter for dipping. I'm not much into scallops but they were huge and delicious. They also give you a choice of two sides each. I went with the mac and cheese with a touch of truffle oil and grits with pancetta and cheddar cheese and my friend had the lobster mash potatoes and fresh asparagus. We also had a very nice bottle of red wine with our dinner. They have a great wine list. We then decided to have dessert so we tried the beignets. I thought they were going to float off of my plate and I have had many in new Orleans superb!!!  When we finished our dessert they rolled over their brandy cart. It was beautiful. Who could resist so we ordered an Armagnac.  I have to say it did make up for the foie gras. They were served in two good size snifters.  Our waiter was very knowledgable and the service was outstanding. Be ready to spend some money but is so worth it for a special occasion......
Embers didn't make a great first impression on me so they lose a star, due to location (in a strip mall plaza), and the hostess (told us there was a 45 minute wait, and that we couldn't sit at the bar unless we wanted to wait 45 to order there - she suggested we go downtown or to Bonefish Grill instead). We proceeded to ignore her and seat ourselves at the bar (or as they call it, the wine tasting room), and we were immediately asked for our drink order, and 5 minutes later had fresh bread and herb-infused butter on our leather placemats. I'm glad we went with our instinct and stayed because the waiter was super friendly and attentive. We decided on the prime rib flatbread, the shrimp and scallop skewer, zucchini/squash and lobster mash on the side and, I got a salad, while my coworker got a cup of bisque (which was the better choice...it was delicious, I know what you're thinking and ya, I did stick my spoon in her cup and even got a big juicy lump of crab meat - read: no shame). We also ordered two slices of the flourless chocolate cake to go. It was too rich and dense and not "cake-y" enough for me, but it was my fault for eating it the next day without a good cup of coffee or a tall glass of cold milk (which is also on their menu served with warm chocolate chip cookies. I'm getting that next time!)
Went to dinner here for the first time with a party of 7. I was skeptical at first because the "Embers" sign in front of the restaurant makes it look sort of cheesy, but, the inside is actually very elegant. Some people were dressed in coat and tie, but others were in jeans and button downs, so they are not very strict on dress. The wine list was quite impressive and the bar is stocked with quality spirits. I was very pleased with the sommelier, he was very knowledgable on wines, and knew exactly what he was doing. The service was great throughout the entire meal. The food was good but it didn't blow me away. The Calamari and Gator appetizers were heavily breaded for my taste, and quite salty. The filet flatbread with wild mushrooms however was very good. All appetizers were portioned nicely. All but one of us ordered steaks, which are all 100% Prime beef. I went with the Strip, cooked Pittsburgh style, with fresh spinach and lobster mashed potatoes, all of which were a little under-seasoned in my opinion. However, my smoking hot girlfriend ordered the Filet, peppered with Demi Glace, with macaroni and cheese and spinach. Her steak was cooked perfectly and tasted great. The macaroni was the best part of the entire meal I thought. Even though I did enjoy this restaurant, I dont see myself returning unless I am invited as a guest of someone else. In my opinion, their are other restaurants in Gainesville that deliver much better quality food, at an equal or lesser price point than Embers.
Embers is without question the best steak house in Gainesville and holds a considerable lead over its nearest local competitor.  Having dined in some of the Florida's best steakhouses including Prime 112 in South Beach, Bern's Steakhouse in Tampa, Ruth Chris, Morton's, Capital Grille, and Smith and Wollensky, I can tell you that Embers is one of the top five steakhouses in the Florida.  What is truly impressive that for $28.00 at Embers a diner can have a six ounce fillet with two sides.  At Ruth Chris, Mortons, and  and Smith & Wollensky, $28.00 is a few bucks short of the cost for a petite fillet that comes with nothing but an otherwise empty white dinner plate.   Not only does the $28.00 fillet come with two sides but the sides are luxury sides that would be accompanied by an "up change" anywhere else.  Guests  at Embers get to choose their sides from a truly incredible list.  At Mortons or Ruth Chris, dinners have two choices NO included mash potatoes, or a big bucket of rich mash potatoes for around $8.00.  At Embers the mash potatoes are Lobster Mash Potatoes.   Think fast and tell me another any other place that puts an expensive premium ingredient like Lobster or Truffles in an included side.  The Lobster Mash potatoes are awesome (better than the Truffled Mac & Cheese which is too rich for me).  Other sides include asparagus, sweet potatoes, and several other classic sides.  The fillet was fork tender, perfectly cooked, prime beef.  Unlike Ruth Chris that uses a very, very, hot oven Embers cooks over a "proprietary" mix of hardwoods that impart some grilled flavor into the meat without overpowering it.  One can debate whether Embers is merely one of the best rather than The Best restaurant in Gainesville.  If what you plan to order is red meat, debate is unnecessary.  If you are sitting in Gainesville and want a steak as good as that at Embers, plan on driving at least 100 miles and spending at least 50% more.
Surprisingly good Blue crab bisque and truffle Mac n cheese.  Steak was average for the price.
Steaks are a bit too  heavy on the mesquite wood taste, although the prime Is beef tender. Overall, sides too rich and heavy for our taste, the crab cakes bland and too bready. We had to ask to lemon which should be served with seafood/ crab.   Of course, they are known for their extensive wine selection which is excellent, service and ambiance also great.
You wouldn't expect such a great restaurant in a strip mall, but that's what you have with this place.  Walk inside and you'll soon forget what it looks like from the outside.  Fine cuts of beef, great decor and a really nice menu.  I had the buffalo steak, which is a very lean cut--but they were able to cook it to perfection without drying it out or being tough.  Definitely a cut above most similarly-priced steak houses.
Delicious steaks cooked perfectly; amazing service, love the ambiance, very intimate and classy. What an amazing dinner!
AMAZING food!!! What else can I say.
i'm from SF and eat out a lot there.  i ate at the embers and had one of the most memorable meals in a long time.  heck, i don't eat this well in SF oftentimes.  i met the chef and thanked him.  the arugula salad, the snapper, sublime.  great wines too, and i didn't feel like it broke the bank either.  cheers!
Best food in Gainesville! From the outside, the place doesn't look like much, but walk back into the gorgeous courtyard and you won't feel like you're in Gainesville any longer. It has a big city feel once inside the restaurant and the ambiance is nothing short of cosmopolitan. Everything on the menu is delicious, and if you're looking for the best burger of your life then you will find it here. i heard the duck is to die for and I plan on trying it out next time. Every server I've had is attentive without being overly pushy or trying to rush me through my meal. Everytime I'm in town I always go out of my way to pay Embers a visit! And if you won't take my word for it, then listen to some of Gainesville's most noted residents. I heard it's a favorite of a majority of the football team and even read in The Alligator that its one of the things Brandon Spikes will miss most about Gaineville, which is initially what led me on to the place. You won't be disappointed.
While I agree this is probably one of the better resturaunts in gainsville I am not sure it is worth the money. The food was good but the service was horrible. We were never explained the specials. The waiter brought us the wrong bottle of wine and he was never engaged in the experience. I got the filet which i requested pepper crusted (and it came plain) and my wife got the salmon which she loved. The sides were decent but over salted  as previous reviews suggest. I got the spinach and blue cheese crusted tomatoes and my wife got the lobster mash and grilled vegetables.  I'm not sure I would come back as my main draw was the wine list which I found the online version to be grossly outdated.
I brought my girlfriend here the other night.  We had some of the worst food in Gainesville that night.  The calamari was extremely rubbery, and the restaurant does not carry marinara sauce.  The steak filets were ordered as medium well and came out so over-cooked, not to mention that the cut of meat was so poor that it tasted like liver.  The taste was horrible, the texture was gross (no consistency with a softness comparable to food served at an old folk's home), and the sides are mediocre with strange combos to dull out the otherwise blandness.  After all this, I have to mention that this is one of the most expensive places to eat in this town.  The 1 star rating here is only for the atmosphere.  The service was alright, but in the end it was the food that will never bring me back.
