I love this place, i have tried all of the turnovers and they are all very very good. Both the coco bread and flaky crust varieties are awesome. The store is small and simple, a bar with a few seats to eat at plus a drink machine and a service counter. It's atmosphere makes me feel like I have stepped into a little part of the Caribbean, especially with the good music always playing inside. The man who owns and runs this place is cool and, because he is the only one who prepares the food, it is always 100% consistent. The place sells out of flavors, but I never mind because I like them all and am always happy with what's available. Ting is always ideal to go with these, and the cakes with the combos are tasty and filled with spice, hence the name.
Gotta love a place that knows what they do best, and sticks to it. Although they sell more than jamaican patties at this almost 30 year old Gainesville classic, be certain not to walk out without 3 or 4 tucked away in their little brown bags. Chris (the owner/sole employee so far as Ive ever seen) is a great guy, who is always very accommodating. And at $1.75 for their basic patties, they are on their own level of affordable that nowhere in town can challenge. They're out of regular (read: vegan) spinach patties? Just wait 10 minutes, and he will bake a fresh batch for you, if you ask. If youre getting them fresh out of the oven like that, make sure you order at least a few extras to share. Patties fresh from his oven have bought me many favors amongst friends and roommates. Consider the fact that this place isnt looking for more customers. Although Chris is friendly and welcoming, after nearly 30 years there, you can tell he's content with what he's chiseled out of University and Downtown's lunch crowd. The small but constant trickle of office workers, professionals, employees/owners of neighboring businesses, and the occasional adventurous student is proof that Caribbean Spice has earned its humble place as one of the most affordable and consistent lunch options in town.
Their beef and cheese patty in coco bread is to die for!!! Hubby and I went to UF 15 years ago and this is one of the 2 places in Gainesville that we miss the most. My children finally got the chance to try these heavenly patty this summer, and they immediately fell in love with it!!!  Since we are back to TX they have been planning for next visit to Gainesville for this- not for Disney World or Legoland. We will definitely be back again.
Like most awesome hole-in-the-wall types, Caribbean Spice doesn't give you any warning that you are about to consume awesomeness.  I think the drab walls, circa-1982 posters and surly owner are all there to lower expectations.   But one bite into that delicious softy patty and you will definitely NOT be thinking Arby's.  If you're anything like me, your first bite very rapidly turned into eight and now you're staring dejectedly at your empty hand. I'm not sure I'd eat their cooked dishes, but they can throw patties at my head any day of the week they wanna. Unbelievably, this place takes credit cards ... and there isn't a minimum charge required.  (Yet.)  Shocking!
Once upon a time, when I was just a poor little boy, I lived off of Taco Bell and Caribbean Spice. The most fresh, delicious patties, hot and ready to eat for just a few bucks. Amazing. I have yet, in my worldly travels, found any other place that does food like this. Now, many moons later, and far far away....I still think about those Veggie patties.
I finally got around to trying the patties here because they were open on Christmas eve.  Don't expect much but a cooler full of drinks, Ting is missing.  And a counter with a handwritten sign of all of the patties available.  I do wish that they had more spicy options. The patties with cheese are the only ones available with a cocoa bread exterior.  I am not a fan of the golden crust exterior here because it is hard and dry, so I opt for the cocoa bread exterior.  Basically- beef, veggies, or spinach are offered with or without cheese.  The beef being the filling with the most flavor.  However, I was pleasantly surprised with the veggie patty; filled with onion, cabbage, bell pepper and seasoning.  The spinach had too much vinegar flavor in it for my taste.  They all run about $2.80 each and everything tastes homemade. The cocoa bread, about $0.80, is the perfect size and has four ply buttered layers for stuffing.
A hole-in-the-wall minimalist Jamaican eatery that has surprisingly good beef patties.  Definitely hit up their special which consists of a patty, sweet bread, and a soda can for your drink. The only issue I have with this place is that if you're taking a Princeton Review practice exam you can hear their music clearly through the walls.
I have mixed feelings about this place.  Known simply as "The Spice" to some,  the Spice certainly does not flow for me.  On the plus side, the coco bread bears an uncanny resemblance in both appearance and flavor to the Quincy's Yeast rolls of my buffet-gorging youth (this is not a bad thing).  And what the others have said is generally true: the food is unique, palatable, and cheap. But if you share with me an innate distrust of food in patty form, and are willing to pay a couple of dollars more for even the slightest whiff of ambience then this place isn't for you.  This "restaurant" is a gray box with a 9" deep counter along one wall with two barstools for your eating pleasure. If you're doing lunch solo consider Caribbean Spice for a decent, uber-cheap meal.
Great patties on the cheap, fresh and hot. Grab a couple to go (you do not want to hang about) and sastify your comfort food craving. They stay really hot in the bag so you can count on them to still taste great even if you have a bit of travel ahead of you. I haven't tried the rest of the items on the menu yet, they are a bit more expensive than Reggae Shack - my first thought when I think of Caribbean food in Gainesville - but I love the low-budget hand lettered signage that hasn't been updated in at least 3 years.
This is the real reason we moved back to Gainesville!  Get the lunch special for the cheapest, tastiest meal in town - veggie patty, coco bread, banana bread dessert & a drink all for under $4. Just don't ask to buy a T-Shirt!
This place is an anamoly to me. It's been described as Caribbean which is obvious. It's even spelled out for us. It's been described as minimalist which I'm not sure is intentionally Minimal. Plus, I don't think Caribbean style embraces true minimalism. I had the meat pies (actually like 3) and hurled into a flashback of Caribbean adventures. This is the real deal in terms of foreign fast food*. Next time you're craving Taco Bell, McD's, or Krystal (which is the last bastion of my fast food addiction), venture into Caribbean Spice for something new. * Disclaimer: Since I'm from the US and never lived in another country BUT have dome some my share of traveling, some may argue with the authenticity of Carib Spice's delicacies. All I'm saying is it's good and NOT the crap one normally finds here labeled as fast food.
Definitely one of Gainesville's hidden food gems. I have worked in the same plaza for some time now, never even knowing of Carribean Spice's existence. Found the Yelp reviews by accident, and decided to pay a visit. I walked over from work, and was surprised to discover that despite the drab exterior and interior (80s' travel posters and psych-ward colored walls..), there was a line of about 6 or 7 people. The patty I got was delicious- just the right amount of flakiness and still piping hot when I got back to work. I didn't get any of the entrees this time, only the patty, since I was not sure what to expect. However, there were a few ladies in front of me that got the oxtail, and from the glance I caught, it actually looked pretty good! Prices are cheap- you could get away with a filling lunch for all around $5. This place is the epitome of "don't judge a book by its cover".. a must-try for Gainesville locals and tourists alike!
There is a counter, there is a man behind the counter, and he hands you delicious food. Take the food. Eat the food! No decor whatsoever, this place is the definition of hole in the wall. The beef patty was pretty good but the sweet bread was incredible. It's not a place I would take someone for the best food in Gainesville or anything like that, but when I've got $5 in my pocket that $5 is now spoken for.
The place may need some redecorating, but the patties are THE BEST! I'm not one to review, but I had to for this place. I was somewhat skeptical by the ...decor... but I was completely swept off my feet my the first bite of this party, the explosion of flavor. Do not hesitate to visit this place. ....you really cant judge a book i guess
Sometimes, when I'm in my bed some 330 miles away, with the combined moon light and street lights working their way between the fingers of my window blinds, my eyelids heavy and fallen, my mind pacing between half-sleep and slumber; sometimes, I dream of coco bread.
So people don't go to this place for the atmosphere (jamaican music on the boombox, no air conditioning, and a few stools for dining in).  They go for the $1 patties.  It is a cheap meal, that tastes good (ask him if they just came out, because piping hot is the way to eat a jamaican patty).  I love his cocoa bread too dab it in a little meat from your patty and yummy! You can't go wrong.
Thanks to the reviews below I went to check this place out and it lived up to everything I read about it.  Take the patties to go and they stay hot for a long time.  By far the best patties I have found.  Coco bread is wonderful also.
My wife said it best - the real reason we moved back to Gainesville! Best Jamaican patties ever. and a deal that can't be beat as far as price, value, and deliciousness!
UF should list this as a benefit for working on campus. Try to get there before noon to get the turkey & cheese (mildy curried, like nothing else) or spinach & cheese (a bit spiced), then take a leisurely ride/walk back through campus. If you glance in walking by it still looks like a travel agency with all the Jamaica posters, now safely preserved in laminate for the ages. This place has proven it can outlive everything around it.
Yes, Caribbean Spice has no ambience but who cares when the food is tasty and *cheap*.  Sometimes I don't want to pay extra for ambience, I just want to eat good food.  I'm still offended that they've raised their prices *again* but I'm just a grumpy old man.  Veggie Cheese Special-with bread pudding and water for $4.35.  Sheesh.  Bring back the T-Shirts!
I love Caribbean Spice.  I've never actually eaten at the 'restaurant,' but rather I always take their delicious pockets and sweet bread on the road.  My vegetarian friends loved the veggie wrap, too.  God I miss Gainesville....
Meat patty w cheese is da bomb!
Cheap and pretty delicious is how I would describe Caribbean Spice. They really put no effort in decorating their store front. There's a cooler with drinks in it. A long counter off to the side with like 3 stools. Then there's the cashier counter with scribbled, hand-written menus of their different types of Jamaican patties for the day. The counter guy is also kind of awkward, but none the less a nice guy and quick with service. The patties are extremely warm and flaky. The spicy ones though aren't really spicy. But still delicious! The coco bread is good. I'm always sad when I have realized I have finished it all. Good place to go for a quick grab & go lunch.
Get the veggie patty with cheese. SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE BEEF. I will be back; I may eventually upgrade to a 4-star review. We'll see.
This place is a golden gem just a few blocks from UF.  For less than $2 or $3, you can enjoy a delicious patty full of awesomeness - and you will crave and dream about for years to come.
best patty i've ever had in my life!! i had been craving a good beef and cheese patty ever since i tasted my first beef/cheese patty at tastee's in jamaica. i didn't think any patty would come close to tastee's. however caribbean spice's beef and cheese coco bread patty is so wonderful! the meat filling is fresh, flavorful, and unique. i was surprised to taste real cheddar cheese inside instead of the usual processed cheese-flavored goo. the coco bread is perfect - sweet/salty/buttery/soft that first bite was an explosion of flavor. i instantly wished i had bought 2 instead of just 1. basically caribbean spice took the patty to a different level. i'm so sad i didn't discover them before!
Best patties and coco bread outside of Jamaica.  This place hasn't changed in over 20 years, and for that I am thankful.  Keep up the good work; and I'll keep coming back!
