I stop by here a lot for takeout at the drive-through which is very convenient and fast. The ropa Vieja and roast pork with Mojo sauce are my favorites. The café con Leche with a guava and cheese pastry is always a nice treat as well. I ordered the coffee without sugar because even though it is not traditional it is very sweet to me. I did order a catering portion of the ropa vieja that was around $80-came with two very large sides and it was an excellent Spanish Christmas Eve meal for my family. The staff is always very very polite and cheerful.
I want this place to take over the country. Fairly priced Latin-fare that is is delicious with quick service. Please open up off ever highway exit across the land. Over the top? Maybe. With fresh, affordable options I want to sing their praises. Service was friendly - we had the palomilla steak steak with finger licking plantains and well seasoned yellow rice. The steam was a bit tough but flavorful. The star of the evening was the melty delish Cuban sandwich. Comes with a generous helping of plantain chips. If you are in need of a quick meal packing the flavor and want to spend about $7 a person Mi Apa is muy bien.
The sad part is...I used to love Mi Apa. Then, I experienced my first episode of food poisoning from this place. I won't ever be returning! I hope that they fix their kitchen protocol.
Mi apá was very good! Muy bueno carne,  empanadas, frijolés, y plantains! I'll be coming back, their coffee is very good, I ordered the cafe con leche but over ice and it was great!
They have the best coffee in Gainesville. And it's the best cuban coffee around. They also have good breakfast and pastries.
Mi Apa is always a great place to grab a quick bite to eat, my personal favorite is their selection of empanadas which never disappoint.
Had the vegetarian Arepa. The bonus piece of ham wasn't really appreciated. The waitress was very pleasant but a bit forgetful of several parts of our order. Overall, the food was pretty good but nothing really special. I might go back if I was with others who wanted to go there, and if I was not in a hurry.
I really wanted wanted to give this place a 5 star rating. I wanted to come out excited and amazed by my visit. Unfortunatly that wasn't the case. I can't give the them 3 .5 stars but its what my actual rating would be. Here we go!! Based on 2 visits. 1) Wait: it was fast. We ordered empanadas and they were out within about 2-3mins. The meals came out within 5-10mins. We did order churros, which did take about 15 mins to come out. However, def. no major complaints here. 2) Price: great! The empanadas were $2, and each meal was about 7-8 bucks. Well cooked meat with 2 sides, come on, any less and they'd close down! 3) Service: was not bad in any way. But alot of it felt like they were there to do thier job. Nothing negative by it, but was very informal. You sit yourself, and place an order; its meant to be that simple. 4) food: again what can you expect for 7-8 bucks. I had the empanadas (they were ok; def have tasted way better for similar prices). I had Palomella (thinly cut steak with onions) with white rice,  red kidney beans, and fried plantans as my sides (you get only 2 sides with a meal). The steak was a 6/10 (was kinda cold); again i have had better at a similar price point. Everything else was good!   The second time I ate here I ordered the fried pork (amazing), with black beans (good), and yellow rice (...bad). I shared my rice with 2 friends who felt the same. It tasted "like chemicals"....the only description I had for it. I'm writing this review 3 hrs later, and although it tasted as it did, I did not become sick. 5) Atmosphere:  I sat inside in both occasions,  but they do have outside seating that people seemed to enjoy. The inside was spacious but simple. Far from romantic (hey its a cafe), but for a place that is centered around latin/cuban cusine. ...please play some latin, or anything in the back ground. All you hear is the orders by people and questions by the waiters around you. 6)Dessert wise, I have only tasted  thier churros, which took forever to make, but tasted awsome. 7) parking: can be tight, but had parking during both visits. 8) bathroom (yes, its an item I think you need to know about): sorry, but it was disgusting!!! That toilet, had splattered old dryed up stuff on the rims. Ok maybe someone just hit it up early in the day. But then there was the toilet I believe was leaking out, because I hope to God that wasn't urine on the floor. For the most part, a good protion of the floor was like this.  Ok then as I walked out, there was someone cleaning the womans bathroom, great! Now did they go in to clean up the mens bathroom after wards, nope. I would typically give this a pass, but man was bad
Excellent food and really good Cuban quality but the service is absolutely terrible. Whoever owns this place definitely hires on looks instead of attitude and service. We love the yucca frita and the black beans and Cuban sandwiches! However when going through the drive-thru one should probably not have to tip right? After signing  the bill at the drive thru and not leaving a tip the waitress says to me "you left off the tip" and I said politely "no it's ok it's drive thru" and the girl says back to me "I deserve a tip so give me one". No thanks bimbo
After 18 years of living in South Florida, I didn't think that I'd be able to find good Latin food in Gainesville. These days my heart (stomach?) is torn between Mi Apa and Flacos. But this is a Mi Apa review. First, the breakfast. $5 has never gotten me so much food before 10am. The Cuban egg sandwich is amazing and huge. If you're really hungry in the morning, go for the beef and egg sandwich. It's the same ropa vieja (marinated shredded beef) that they use during the day on an entire Cuban roll with over easy eggs. Pair it with any of their coffees (I'm a cortadito person myself) and you'll need a nap for the rest of the day. Everything for lunch and dinner is equally as amazing. I suggest any of the arepas. All of the sides are as you would expect to find at an authentic Cuban restaurant. The plantains are the usual, fried yuca is good. Make sure you get the garlic lime sauce as long as you don't plan on kissing anyone later that day. Overall great place. They're quick, you can call ahead for pick up or dine in the big dining room, sit outside, etc. Go here.
I really had to pull from my memory to remember my experience here as it's been a few months now. That being said upon recently stumbling upon my receipt I'm able to recall the experience in full now. Being in Gainsville for a game day weekend meant that Mi Apa was backlogged and provided crazy slow service. This seems to be a very popular spot for alumni parents to take their university aged kids for morning after brunch/breakfast, So my tip is avoid at all costs on or following game days. To start I had a Cafe con leche which was awesome without even a drop of sugar, the type of coffee used, how it was made, and the milk (leche) provided a natural sweetness which was great! I'd never had Cuban breakfast before so I was pretty surprised with the Beef and eggs as it was a different breakfast than I was used to, but it too pretty good. The meal consisted of two eggs any style with ropa vieja (think like a pulled beef) served with a side of Cuban toast. All around A-OK. Not my cup of tea but passable when starved and anxious to get on the road home after a long weekend.
1st visit: I ordered a Medianoche with a guava and cheese pastry. Delicious. I love Medianoche, and I'm so glad I got to enjoy it here. 2nd visit: ordered the Medianoche again, but instead I ordered two cheese pastries. This time the Medianoche wasn't as good, and the cheese pastries made me sick. Maybe I'll do a 3rd try someday.
I wish I could buy up Mi Apa's stocks. This place is one of the few restaurants in town that got a phenomenal reputation by actually earning it. The food is both authentic and amazing. The staff is both courteous AND capable. The setting is really nicely done. The down side is, sometimes it gets awfully busy and then it's kind of a bummer to go there. However, they now have A DRIVE-THROUGH, AND delivery, AND they cater! I'm happy Mi Apa made it through those rough first years of business as a Gainesville restaurant, because this place is just awesome and it's so nice to hear a good success story once in awhile.
Best Cuban food in Gainesville. I have not had anything I don't like. And who doesn't love eggs over black beans and rice?!?!
I love it!  For the price, quality of the food and wait staff, it ranks up there as one of my favorite place to eat in Gainesville.  Being half Cuban, I may a bit partial to Cuban food, but to be able to get that quality of Cuban cuisine through a drive-thru is great.  Obviously eating my Cuban grandmother's cooking and being to South Beach more times than I can count, I can't give it 5 stars, but it's close.
We're very lucky to have Mi Apa in Gainesville. It was my first experience with Cuban food upon moving to Florida, and I haven't found a more satisfying Cuban restaurant. A few tips--the ropa vieja is fantastic. Portion sizes are huge--we usually get a single entree (either chicken & rice or ropa vieja & rice) and an empanada or two (the chicken are awesome) and are stuffed. I really enjoy the rice and beans as leftovers, and usually get an extra side or two for lunch the following day. Both the take-out and drive through are quick, and you can call ahead to save time (parking directly in front during busy hours can be a bit tough, though if you go around the corner it's rather plentiful). Staff is very friendly and provides great service.
This place is really small and usually pretty packed. The first time I came the wait for a table was ridiculously long, but proved to be worth the wait. I love their ropa vieja which comes with 2 sides for just under $8. My husband is Cuban and a tough critic when it comes to Cuban food, but he loves this place. He usually orders the vaca frita, plantains, and white rice and red beans. There are no decent cuban places in Jacksonville, so we make the drive to get our fix here and then head over to Trader Joes afterwards.
Went to eat in person this time and the food did taste better. It was packed in there but our food came out relatively fast. I ordered the same thing- lechon (slow roasted pork), Moro (Cuban beans and rice) and sweet plantains. Although a little greasy, it was better tasting when hot. I did find some of the authentic Cuban flavor was missing. Overall it's ok for getting rid of that Latin food craving.
One of my staples when I went to UF.  My friend and I would take study breaks and stop by for some ropa vieja or an arepa or two.  We always washed it down with some lulo juice (delicious semi tart fruit juice).   I have had many opportunities to go back to Gainesville for work and I always make sure to stop by Mi Apa every time.  I would recommend it to anyone here.  It's delicious, affordable Spanish food (mix of Cuban, Colombian, and Venezuelan).
Marvelous concept of cooked meals & Drive-thru. If I only had one of these where I live!!!!! Had the Medianoche Cubana sandwich and for dessert/ bkft Churros. I asked for Materva and was told they didn't have it. Instead came back to the hotel and they were having complimentary Happy Hour, so I grabbed an Amber and had the most delicious meal
This place has become a tradition.  Yes, paper plates, yes crowded, yes noisy.  But awesome!   The vaca frita can't be beat and the ropa vieja is also a family favorite.  Save room for rice pudding and/or tres leches.  I don't know why some people posted about bad service, we have been going for years and have consistently had good friendly service.  And for the comments about the quality of the food going down over the years...again...we can attest to the quality being as good as it always was.   Try it.  Tell people about it.  Have Fun!
I haven't been in a long time,  but the other day I was going back to work after a doctor appointment and passed right by... THEY HAVE A DRIVE-THRU!!! I was immediately in the mood for some Latin fare. I ordered picadillo with sweet plantains and  white rice.  More than ample portions. The food came quickly to the window and the service was friendly. I really suggest white rice with the picadillo so as not to muddle the flavors of the dish. While the food is amazing, the price is a bit high for Gainesville's fast food standards. I will pay it again though just to have something out-of-the-box.
It's not fancy or elegant but it is awesome. I echo the other reviews that I've read about this restaurant. Great Latin food, great friendly service, fast and convenient
I had always wanted to try Mi Apa because people around here tend to like it. I ordered takeout and I got the black bean soup which was decent, but the sides that I ordered were terrible!! The boiled yucca was flavorless and slimy. The beans and rice had no personality and were just so boring. My husband got some chicken dish that he didn't like. This restaurant was a bit of a disappointment. Needless to say, we won't be back.
Ropa vieja was super watery and just tasted like it was drenched in tomato soup. Sweet plantains were fine. The only good thing was the fried yucca (but I've had better of those too). Wait staff was friendly, but took me about another 20 minutes just to try to pay my check.
I really tried to like this place, but after multiple visits, I can only say that they are average at best. I've come here several times throughout the years and they've been a decent substitute for food from Miami (but they're not even close). The service is excellent though. (Tends to be all girls) They're always super friendly (and typically pretty good-looking) This place does get pretty packed too. I've tried a lot of different things there and some are pretty good and some aren't. - Ropa Vieja (Shredded Beef) - Pretty good. The meat tastes good and it's not overly saucy or anything. - Vaca Frita (Fried Beef - Unbreaded) - Kind of dry. Meat tasted fine, and it comes with onions. It's a little salty so just a heads up. - Palomilla Empanizada (Breaded Palomilla steak) - This was very unspectacular. The breading wasn't good and the steak inside was tough. - Carne Con Papas (Beef Stew with Potatoes) - This was pretty good. The beef chunks had good flavor and the sauce was thick. The potatoes weren't that great though. I've had other dishes, but I can't remember so I won't comment on them. The majority of dishes are anywhere from $6-$9. Not a bad price for the portion they give you. It also comes with 2 sides, so not bad at all. I hear the breakfast is real good and they do have cafe con leche. I also hear the arepas are fantastic, but I've never tried them so I can't be too sure. I know I have a pretty strong bias being that I'm from Miami, but this place isn't anywhere close to places down there. If you're coming to school and you're from Miami, don't get your hopes up. This place will satisfy some cravings until you go home for vacation.
I'm definitely a fan of and loyal customer to Mi Apa.  I love the arepas and cafe con leche.  My male friends love the waitresses.  I've been meaning to try the dessert selection, but I usually order the vegetarian platter and am too full by the end of the meal to order dessert.  I also highly recommend the arepa con pollo y aguacuate. The service has been great every time I've visited.  The place is always pretty busy, but there's always seating available. Mi Apa was the place where all of the graduate students in my program met for the first time last semester.  It was a great bonding experience, and I firmly believe that the subsequent group dynamic that formed was a direct result of our first meal shared at Mi Apa.
There have been times I've had pretty good food at Mi Apa, but in the past couple years I feel they've gone from bad to worse. Dinner last night, however, was an all-time low. Not only were the empanadas very dry and nearly stale--as if they'd been made on Friday at most-recent and then served as it was on a Monday--but the Miami sandwich was also very dry and bland. The worst part though was my smoothie which contained some sort of tough material in it which at first I thought might be mango skin but later realized, to my horror, was small bits of plastic that had somehow gone through the blender and was there in the smoothie! Without a doubt, I ingested some of this and while I doubt it will do me grave harm, it's fully unacceptable to see such a thing happen at any restaurant. I'd ordered take-out and didn't make this discovery until at home or else I'd have complained. Mi Apa was at one time at least decent, but it seems they no longer care about doing a quality job at all. This will certainly be the last time I buy anything there--ever.
My favorite Cuban restaurant in Gainesville. Delicious food and great service. Cute place to eat, but they also have a drive-through window, making takeout super easy and fast. My favorite dish is the ropa vieja with plantanos maduros. They also have excellent churros.
Got some take out today. I bought the lechon and ropa vieja. As sides I had tostones, yuca frita, maduros, and black beans. The ropa vieja and everything else was ok, same as before. The lechon was very very salty and dry. Even with adding the mojo it did not help to reduce some of the saltiness, my boyfriend and I stopped eating it because we couldn't handle all the salt. Very disappointed on the lechon
Food was good i had Ban Con Bistec that was pretty good however the tostones i orderd were Very very dry I didnt like them Cafecito was great
I love coming here for lunch. Great prices, decent service, and the food is always very good. Virtually Cuba has a better cuban sandwich ! But Mi Apa has better dishes. Bonus - Big bonus for me - they give you a pancake syrup container full of mojo sauce for you to drench your boiled or fried yucca with !! (I like the boiled yucca the best) Small place, so get there early (before noon) for lunch.
Ropa Vieja (shredded beef in Cuban sauce) with ironbeer.  One of the most popular dishes and pretty delicious. The waitress was very nice and patient with her recommendations and checked on us often. Great place for food!
It took a while for me to get turned on to Latin Cafe (they were either too busy or closed the first few times I tried to go), but I finally got to eat there, and I found out why they're so busy all of the time.  The food is much more of a "home-cooked" style than a restaurant, but it comes out very quickly and the waitstaff is always sweet.  My usual favorite is 1/4 dark chicken with white rice and sweet plaintains--a really good combination of sweet/salty/sour/bitterness and a steal for $6.50--but if you ever stop in on a day that they have churrasco available, cough up the $10 and get it.  It comes out med-rare and it's so tender and flavorful, it could hold its own against many steaks I've eaten in more expensive restaurants.   Desserts are definitely on the (overly) sweet side.  If you want a sugar rush that won't rot your teeth, try one of their many juices.  Better yet, get a shake, then explain to your coworkers that you're drinking a soursop slushie and watch their eyes bug out.
Some of the dishes are pretty good, including some of the arepas, but most of the dishes are mediocre at best. I don't think the beans even come with rice. I could get the same thing in Miami for $5 that I would get for $10 at this place. What annoyed me most was when I went there several times over a period of months, and every time they were out of ingredients, including avocados. "We're out of avocados right now." This went on for months! Walk your asses across the street to Publix or to Aurora Latin Market. And once they served me and my friend dishes that were missing key ingredients. I had to call them out on that for real. The batidos aren't all that either. Considering there are so few Latin places to eat in town--Fritanga, Cuban Cafe--I don't blame people for going here. Personally, I just choose to cook better and cheaper at home.
I have always been here for breakfast and it has been excellent every single time. They are also open through lunch and dinner. It is a mix of cuban/venezuelan/colombian dishes in their menu. I usually order the egg breakfast sandwich which is scrambled eggs with ham and cheese in a delicious, warm, toasted cuban bread. It is a very decent size and it fills you up good. Cafe con leche and orange juice are my drink choices. Awesome coffee!! I have tried some arepas for breakfast as well. I don't know a lot about venezuelan/colombian arepas since the ones we have in Puerto Rico are different. But they were tasty for sure! I really like this cafe and I pray for somebody to open a similar place close to home where I can stop on my way to work and have some cuban coffee and bread. Mmmmm, please?!
I was disappointed with my last visit to Mi Apa. I remember when I lived in Gainesville I used to love to come here. I have come to the conclusion it was because in Gainesville that is the only place really to find Cuban food or any type of latin food. After moving back to a big city and having such a variety of food to choose from, you can tell the difference between great and just average. Everything was just ok. I got beef/chicken stew and an arepa. They were both just ok, nothing real special. The others I was eating with thought the same thing. Food did come fast. Service could have been better. Walked in and was asked how many people, then she said ok sit anywhere. Why even ask! Server comes again, are you ready to order. We say yes, she says ok I'll be right back. Again why even ask. Did not come once to ask how the food was or if we needed anything. No refills given, we had to get up to the counter and ask for one. Brought it down to two stars because of the service. If you need a fix of some Cuban food in Gainesville you can come here but it is nothing out of this world.
I love the food, and everything on the menu is delicious, there is not one item that isn't amazing.  But check your to-go orders!  I have never gotten a to-go order done correctly by them.   Also, if it's busy, parking can be a big pain.
My former Other Half, now Officially Husband and I have have eaten here twice now. Both times were a neutral experience. The first time we ate here, I ordered the breaded chicken and it was brought to me unbreaded. But, it was still tasty. Everyone else enjoyed their meal, but there were no rave reviews. Tonight, I ordered the breaded steak, it was delivered breaded, but I wasn't impressed. Being 7 months pregnant I must say that I'm extremely disappointed they don't have a decaffeinated Cafe Con Leche option, knowing full well there is such thing as decaffeinated Cuban Coffee. My husband loved his dish - Cuban Pot Roast. I don't think he spoke the entire time his food was in front of him, instead, he concentrated intently on eating. I ordered the Churros and we were all disappointed with their quality, they were extremely overcooked. I think Mi Apa is a chain, so that could explain the mediocre quality. But, to be fair, I'm descended from Cubans and grew up in Miami (which some call Northern Cuba)... So, it's pretty hard to get me give a good review on Cuban Food.
The food didn't seem Latin to me, more like Cuban. The people were nice the food was good but clean? Ummm. The menus were sticky they had flys everywhere. I couldn't bring myself to even look at the bathroom for fear I may not be able to eat here ever. Would I go back, that's a hard question. I did go back but I still feel dirty when I leave. Did I mention the flys? Sorry I can't get over that.
This place is decent for Gainesville but if you're coming here from Miami -- do not get  your hopes up. Some of their dishes are good but nothing stellar. I would always go to Mi Apa for a quick cafe con leche and tostada. Nothing here is bad, but not up to Miami standard!
Best Cuban food in Gainesville!  So glad to find this place on my recent trip to UF. Walking in the door, you encounter a small bakery and Cuban barista service, serving delicious coffee and treats. The entire waitstaff greets you with a smile. The service was prompt and everyone was so nice! The food was excellent. I had ropa vieja and maduros with saffron rice my first time visiting, and then went back a second time for lechon, more maduros (sweet plantains), and some beans/rice.  So good!  I seriously could eat here daily. The price was reasonable, food delicious and service fast and courteous.  Place was decorated like you're in Cuba, and it was fun to experience the accents of the friendly waitstaff. Super charming. I will definitely be back to visit!
I found this Latin spot right before I relocated out of Gainesville. My first meal here was the Media Noche, which was delicious!  The churros with the dulce de leche and guava dipping sauces were a delicous dessert too. Another time I ordered the beef and chicken empanadas, which were yummy as well.  And the day I left Gville, my boyfriend and I ate here for breakfast.  We both enjoyed our breakfast sandwiches. Also, the Cordandito coffee is so good!  It kept me awake during our drive to Orlando. If you are looking for some delicious ethnic food in Gainesville, go here!
The shredded beef is REALLY salty, and the sides were ok. I wouldn't write this place off completely though, there were other things on the menu that looked good. The food is cheap and the staff are friendly. Worth at least trying, but next time I want Cuban I probably won't go for a fast food style restaurant.
Just went there again a few weeks ago. I was craving for a Boliche dish. I ended up getting it there.  It was pretty good, a bit salty but if you eat it with the rice. It is good.  Chicken soup is good and the plantains too. In addition, I ordered a cheese pastry. It was good. I love their pastry there. This time around, the service was a lot faster. Every time I go, this place is pretty busy.  I just wish they had some kind combination that has a drink , entree and a pastry/ or dessert.  I think they can make a lot more money doing something like that.
One of my favorite spots in Gainesville! We went for brunch on Sunday and they were packed! I usually just get the cuban sandwich with fried plantains because it's just enough food for me. This time I opted for something different and got the fried pork with black beans, white rice and tostones. The pork was flavorful and salted just enough to eat with the rice. Add some of the garlic/oil/vinegar mix to it and that'll make the dish taste even better! It was a lot of food, all for under $10!
3 stars ONLY because of geography (cuban in gainesvegas - hard to come by)  But food quality is 2 stars (i.e. you've definitely had better.) Bottom line: it will fill your belly but if you're used to cuban food from miami this place doesn't compare... wouldn't even survive.
What a great place to eat in Gainesville!!! I've eaten a LOT of Cuban food both home-cooked by relatives and at restaurants in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Key West and Orlando.  The food here.... The best of them all. The prices are good and this place is CLEAN!. We always try to eat here when we are in Gainesville. Highly recommended!!!
Mi Apa is great for lunch or a casual dinner- I made the mistake of expecting a full service restaurant... Normally, I wouldn't give a five star rating to a restaurant that uses platicware, but Mi Apa is well-deserving of the phrase "as good as it gets". The food has fantastic flavors and is prepared at a very high standard. The portions are enormous when compared to the ridiculously low prices. The atmosphere inside could be described as clean and bright. The front patio is also a nice place to enjoy a meal. The service might have been my favorite part of the entire experience. The servers are all beautiful, energetic, happy, and attentive.
I used to live in the gator nation and loved coming here on the weekends with my boyfriend for lunch. They have weekend specials that you know they spend hours preparing. I love the food and how it feels like you just walked into a cuban's home. The decor is a little cheesy but the food is so delicious and budget friendly!!! My favorite dishes are:- 1) Chicken Fricassee- cooked in tomato sauce for hours and secret spices lol 2)Lechon Asado (make sure you get lots of lime juice =) ) 3) Vaca Frita I usually get morro rice and fried yucca. My boyfriend orders sweet plaintains and morro rice also. You have to try this place when you are visting the ville. I think they are open late on the weekends too for the party goers. They also have a laundry list of different types of arepas. On a hot summer day I would recommend getting a watermelon juice drink it will do you well! Also, dont forget to order a homemade flan to go promise you won't regret!
This place is just so-so.  I've never gone wrong with their breakfast, but I grew up having either rice or french fries with eggs for breakfast so that's what I usually go with.  I love that they open at 7 a.m. so I can come here for coffee and a guava pastry before I start my day. Don't be fooled by the Cuban decor - this is more broadly speaking a Latin menu.  Also I've stopped getting sugar in my coffee here because they make it too sweet. One big point against them - they serve everything on styrofoam, including drinks, and desserts are already portioned into little plastic cups or paper plates before you order them.
If you asked my wife, it would be 5 stars or more. While I don't have much experience for comparison when it comes to Cuban food, this place is right up my alley. I have tried at least 5 different entrees including beef, pork, and chicken dishes, as well as most of the side items, arepas, empanadas, cuban sandwich, etc. I haven't found anything yet that I wouldn't order again. One of my favorite things about the restaurant is the atmosphere and versatility. I have been here in gym shorts and also stopped in for a quick bite before a night on the town and it's just the perfect kind of casual. Some places feel awkward with their drive thrus or take out counters but it all makes sense here. With that said, the register area can sometimes get very crowded and the disjointed layout makes it tough to sort through everyone waiting to pay for their check or someone wanting a refill or someone waiting for a to-go order. It also is probably too small and crowded for its own good so it can be pretty hectic at prime hours. Our solution is just to order to-go or avoid prime hours, and the food is good enough to deal with nuances like that.
Great food, quick service, open long hours, very helpful staff. I've dined in several times and used their drive through window much more often. The cafe con leche, their milkshakes (mango rocks) and their sandwiches are all outstanding. In my opinion, the best Cuban style cafe in Gainesville.
Nary a time has passed that we've been to Latin Cafe and not thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  The food is faaaaaaaaantastic.  The desserts are great, although there's always room for improvement.  The atmosphere is fun, colorful, and friendly.  The staff is usually pretty nice. Recommended:  chicken fricassee, black beans and rice, and the Cuban.   Oh and they have those fantastically weird sodas with the cartoon kids on them.  Yum.
This place has very cheap food but satisfying food. Their service is decent. For the most part they take your order and bring it to you. I kind of wish they didn't use so much styrofoam and plastic utensils. Maybe hire a person to wash dishes? However, they have good food. Especially their shakes!
Best place in Gainesville to get Cuban food. Service is always timely and food is served almost immediately after you order. Can get a bit crowded inside since the tables are pretty close together but otherwise a good experience. My favorite drink here is the mango juice. It is fresh and natural. Prices are pretty good for the amount of food you get
My wife introduced me to this place, and I haven't turned back. Either: Ropa Vieja; Sweet, fried plantains; Black beans and white rice or The Arroz con Pollo We ate there for something close to two times a week for lunch for three months. Great food, friendly staff, fast lunch.
Ive been here twice already in 2 weeks and LOVE IT! Take note that I am not Cuban or Puerto Rican, but I am Mexican, and I really really love this place. I think I love it more than "La Tienda." What I Enjoy: The price is so reasonable; we spend about $20 each time we go. The sugar cane juice is SOOO good! Tastes fresh :) LOVE the Cortadito coffee drink. Its kind of small, but worth it because it tastes like espresso with foam and the perfect amount of sugar. Love the roasted pork sandwich! The bread is delicious and warm and crispy. I order it with Swiss cheese and they always put it on without any questions. It reminds me so much of really good mexican carnitas from home, maybe thats why I like it so much. And its SOO big; I can never finish a whole one. The chicken soup is really good and well priced ($2.75 for a large! and its really big!) Mine came with large pieces of chicken meat and the broth was delicious. Possible Cons: The place isnt very fancy and if you sit outside your subject to flies and exhaust from the cars in the parking lot The servers are all very cute latinas and look like they're hard workers, but I feel like they spend a lot of time chatting amongst themselves rather than focusing on their tables. I always had to go inside to refill my water rather than them asking if I needed more water. But I guess thats what you get at a "cafe." YES, I will definitely continue going here and will take family and friends here.
Love love LOVE this place! I'm from Miami and one of the things I missed the most was the great Cuban food. But Mi Apa is fantastic. Everything is delicious. To top off great food the waitresses are also very attentive and I've never had to wait long for my food and they're always busy. Absolutely recommend this place if you're craving some great latin food.
We've visited Mi Apá Latin Café several times and we have to say it's got everything going for it.  The food is fresh, the servings are generous, the dining area is bright and colorful, the staff is helpful and friendly, and best of all, the price is right.  Given the crowds we've seen, we aren't alone in our praise. During our recent visit we ordered the Ropa Vieja, a dish of shredded beef cooked in a slightly sweet sauce of peppers, onions and tomatoes.  We've always found their Ropa Vieja to be incredibly tender and the sauce to be beautifully balanced, which is easier said than done.  We chose Moro rice and yuca with mojo for our two sides that day.  The Moro rice was tasty although there was a slight difference in opinion; one of us thought the cumin was a touch heavy.  We were however in full agreement on the tender yuca served with mild garlic and citrus flavored mojo; we were hard pressed to think of a time we've had better. As is usually the case, we also had a Cuban sandwich with plantain chips.  This sandwich is all about the meat so we're pleased that both the pork and the ham at Mi Apá  are lean and moist.  We like that they grill the ham and that their bread has great crustiness on the outside and softness on the inside. While perhaps overlooked as a morning spot, Mi Apá also serves large, good quality breakfast dishes.  The Perico (scrambled eggs with onions, tomatoes and green peppers) and the Beef and Eggs (the delicious Ropa Vieja with two eggs any style and Cuban toast) are two of our favorites.  All meals, morning or night, should be topped off with one of Mi Apá's strong coffee drinks such as the cafe con leche or cortadito (half milk, half Cuban coffee).
This is a great local place, very close to UF campus.  Lots of students here, but also some Latino families on the weekends.  The food is excellent.  Very authentic. Never greasy. Prices are quite reasonable.  Service is very friendly.  I really like the arepas and anything involving plantains.  Also the Cuban coffee of course. Of course sometimes what you get is not exactly what was on the menu.  You sort of have to expect that the dishes can be a little different every time.  But still good. My only complaint is the styrofoam cups and plates, and the plastic knives and forks.  Is there a reason we have to drink from a styrofoam cup?  I hate the way they squeak .. and all that garbage!  Let's have some real plates and dishes already.
Going from Miami to UF, my first priority was to find a good Cuban restaurant.  My parents found this place on the internet, and I came here with some friends on a Friday night.  I have to say that the food was as good as I've had in Miami (Though I'm no longer allowed to have Cuban Coffee after my friends saw how hyper it made me)  I recommend palomilla empanizada.   Their great for take out and delivery, and I would recommend bringing croquetas to your next party to be original.  They're open late on weekends, and there's nothing better than a Cuban coffee after a party. The only complaint I had was slow service, but the food was easily worth the wait.
YUK!!! I've had better Cuban food in Los Angeles. We brought home the shredded beef to feed to the dogs. It was underdone and tough and I only had two bites. My boyfriend said it was the worst food he'd ever had (a bit of a stretch, but you get his drift)! I sent my empanada back and the ham croquettas were uninteresting too. Even the plantains were underdone. The moro rice was good. I don't know what those bits of meat were though. The juices are good. The ambiance is like a fast food "restaurant." I wish I could give it less than one star, like minus three! The waitress was nice though.
I always come here for breakfast whenever I come to Gainesville. Mi Apa never disappoints. The cafe con leche and cuban coffee are wonderful, and I am normally not a coffee drinker. Tried the hot chocolate and it's very good too. There's a nice hint of cinnamon in their. Stuffed potatoes are good, though most of the cuban restaurants in Tampa prepare them as baseball or softball-sized portions as opposed to Mi Apa's golf ball-sized portions (though Mi Apa does serve them two per order). Still they are tasty, especially with a healthy dose of hot sauce.
Cheap eats. We had pot roast and ajiaco soup with mini tres leche for dessert. $13 buck ...cheap and good.
"Good food. Fast." The motto fits. I think we have tried everything on the menu and it's always satisfying. Good portions at reasonable prices. As good a Cuban restaurant as you're going to get outside of Miami. The staff is always very friendly and attentive. Apart from a thorough lunch and dinner menu they also have pastries and café, milkshakes and natural fruit juices.
This place is really, really good. Authentic cuban food served quickly and efficiently. My order is never served wrong and it is usually very quick even while being packed most the time. Try the chicken Fricasse, so tender, the bones melt in your mouth. Get some morro rice and plantain chips with it, and you will be back. Croquettes are awesome too. Everything is awesome. Attractive staff is a plus too haha.
I have mostly eaten breakfast here and everything I have ever had has been great.  Their food is as good as any Cuban food I have had in Miami.  I recommend the Ropa Vieja and the black beans and rice.
mi apa is a nostalgia place for me. i remember when they made their own flan, and it was the best i'd ever had. they also used to have a fountain in the back that always made me have to pee. fast forward two handfuls of years and mi apa is booming. i'm very happy to support this place, and the food has always been good. it's quick, and it's plentiful. the prices have gone up a little bit, and i do miss that flan. it's ordered in now, but it's still pretty yummy. they have fresh-squeezed juices. i love that. i always got the same thing: palomilla steak, yellow rice, sweet plantains. i like their black beans and rice a lot -- a lot -- but i always need those plantains. i could go to publix and get some goya plantains. they taste exactly the same, but i just don't feel right eating them at home. recently i have discovered the ultimate order: roasted pork sandwich and add pickles. it's fatty, juicy, and the pickles add a tang to something that can become very monotonous. i don't mind slow service, but i appreciate how fast mi apa gets the food out. it's well seasoned, pretty light, and makes a bad-ass lunch. if only harmon's was still there.
I have never had a bad meal here.  You will be tempted to order the Arepas, or a cuban sandwich.  Don't order anything but the Arroz con Pollo.  It is very, very tasty.  I have been three times and the first two I ordered something other than the Arroz con Pollo, and my fiance always ordered it.  Every time I was plagued with serious food envy.    So, lets talk about the Arroz con Pollo.  The actual chicken and rice portion is roasted pulled chicken mixed with onions and yellow rice. This is not a low fat dish as you can see a slight shimmer of fat over the rice and meat.  It is by no means greasy, but also by no means healthy.  In addition to the more than generous portion of rice and chicken you are given the option of two more side items.  Don't bother with the tostones, they aren't traditional.  However, the yuca frita is, well I just really love yuca frita.  The frijoles negros are very nice as well.  The service tends to be slow and is a weird mix of fast food and table service.  You sit at the table and order your drinks and food, but usually have to go to the counter for refills and to pay your check.  Don't go for the service, go for the food.
Got some quick lunch here for take out yesterday.... I guess I'm on a latin food kick!  It was really good and I will have to come back to explore some of their other options.  I got two beef empanadas which were actually cooked FRESH (what a relief) and some tostones with the 'pink sauce' on the side.  I didn't really like the regular sauce that they serve with the tostones, it was heavy on the  vinegar.  I got excited because they have a breakfast which looks really yummy, and I have had trouble finding a good quick breakfast spot close by.  Worth a visit!!
I've always been very pleased with Mi Apa.  I live very close to it (within walking distance) and find myself over there more often than I should!  Service is always very friendly, whether you're going to the counter, sitting down, or driving up to get take-out.   Their Cuban coffee is delicious - love the coladas and cafe con leches! - and they're happy to adjust the sugar if you're not used to very sweet coffee.  Their pastries are perfect for a quick morning bite; I particularly love the guava and cheese pastry.  They serve breakfast all day on the weekends and have more filling breakfasts for those so inclined (I'd recommend the arroz a la cubana - delicious). Most of the sandwiches aren't anything special, but I do love their medianoche sandwiches.  They're always freshly pressed and nice and hot when you get them. Of their main entrees, I've never had a bad meal.  I particularly like the pechuga de pollo a la parilla and the arroz con pollo. Basically, if you're looking for a good, cheap Cuban meal in Gainesville, here's your place.
I've you've read the other reviews for Mi Apa, then you've noticed that - 1) this is definitely a favorite of numerous locals and college students 2) the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired if you're expecting something high end For the latter point, Mi Apa puts the 'cafe' in Latin Cafe.  The chairs and table are very simple, the cutlery as someone mentioned are plastic, and when it gets crowded (which is pretty much most of the time) the noise echoes brightly off the tiled floors in the smallish dining area.  On the flip side, the place is pretty clean, there is a waiter or waitress who will take your order, and if you're looking to sit for a good hour or more, you can do that here - it's not a fast food type of joint.  I get the distinct feeling some reviewers had a very different preconception of the place. In spite of the decor, the food is almost always pretty good (I had one miss way back years ago).  I think saying 'the best Cuban food this side of Miami' may be a stretch, but certainly it's good food, and with a number of options in the $6 - $10 range you are hard pressed to find better food in town for that price.  The menu has a pretty wide variety as well.  Sandwiches, beef/pork/chicken dishes, arepas, plantains have all been quite good.  It's not brimming with interesting and exotic flavors, but it's still well cooked, delicious and filling.  They have some interesting fruit shake selection, with unusual choices like guava or papaya, although they don't always have every flavor available.  Desserts are simple, but the flan or tres leches (three milk) are all tasty.  Service is good for the most part; sometimes a little slow, and you might have to flag down your waiter or waitress, but they've always been very nice and helpful with recommendations. Mi Apa has the start of a pretty good website, but I can't get the menu pages to load; maybe it's my web browser, maybe they haven't finished it yet, but a number of other sites pop up with a menu if you do a google search.  You can follow them on Facebook or Twitter as well, but frankly I haven't noticed much in the way of promotions or news on either, so I don't see a point to following as of yet. On the whole the food may not wow you with its newness but it satisfies with being good Cuban food at a great price.  The restaurant is quaint, but always packed with locals and regulars who have quickly come to love the place.
This place brings back found memories of good pork (I don't eat pork anymore). The roasted pork was always so tender and juicy. They served it with the garlicky pork dipping sauce type thing, that I could drink as a beverage! So good, especially with a cold beer. Dirty Rice and tostones with the pink sauce. Just like what I would get in Miami. Drive thru makes it really convenient, but it's not the fasted service, so expect to wait a little in your car.
Really good, fresh food, and our waitress was really nice.
The food is decent and service was good, or so I thought. The one star is for my terrible experience with my credit card being charged three times the cost. For that reason I strongly recommend not using your credit card. I repeatedly called to have the billing fixed but the manager was conveniently never available to address the problem.
Great food at a decent price! The staff is friendly and the service is fast, even when the place is slammed.
Solid, solid eating option.  They will give you food any way they can.  Eat-in, take-out, drive-thru, and I think they have or are about to have delivery.  Their cortaditos are good and their lechon asado is spectacular.  Also go for their pan con bistec.  Consider their catering options for an affordable solution to an event.
Food is okay for the lunch crowd. Pork, Beef, chicken...fusion of Venezuela, Cuban, and Columbian food. Service is a bit slow!
Mi apa broke my heart when they decided randomly to have different summer hours. The hours listed on the door are a contract between restaurant and person hungry for arroz con pollo at 11pm. I demand justice and/or fried plantains.
Been to Mi Apa more than several times in the last two weeks, mostly driving thru to pick up a cuban coffee, a couple of quick tostone snack runs, and last night for an arepa dinner.  It's always good, quick service, and on the mark. I don't go away bragging about the best food I ever ate, but I leave content, consistently... that's worth four stars.
Love the black beans made with bay leaf. The only way I make mine now. Ropa vieja was pretty tasty as well.
I can't do much vouching for the food, since I've only had the pan perdue which was alright. Atmosphere is alright, and the staff are nice.... What keeps me going back is the Cuban Coffee! Oh.My.God. Best I've EVER had!
I'm home away from home here at Mi Apa.  Coming to Ocala from Miami is a huge culture shock, so you can imagine how excited I was to find this little Cuban treasure.  The fruit Batidos and the cortaditos were great as was the medianoche.  I can't wait for business to bring me back to Gainesville so I can sample some of their home cooked meats.  No Ravo, though (oxtail stew), but I need some excuse to get back down to Little Havana again, anyway.
LOVE this place. Perfect when the weather is nice, you can sit outside enjoy some good food and the great Florida weather.
It's fine... had arepas for lunch... the arepas themselves weren't flavorful, while the filling was overly salty.    The fresh fruit drinks are good -- they have several at very reasonable prices.  Nothing is terrible here, just not great.
The food and service was really good. The only thing that disappointed me was the Venezuelan arepas. They were not cooked all the way, they were horribly cut in half so I had to use a fork and knife to eat them, and  the "Guayanes" cheese was NOT guayanes, I believe it was ricotta cheese. These were a very bad imitation of Venezuelan arepas :(
The food here is really good but the service is lacking. I have eaten here many times and have liked everything I have ordered. My only complaint is the staff seams very disorganized and tends to get orders wrong, that are not even that large. If you decide to eat here for the first time make sure that you check your order to see if they left something out.
GREAT service and great Cuban food (for Gainesville). The indoor seating is kind of tight and it gets very noisy when it's busy. Sitting outside is quite pleasant, and it's conveniently located if you're on your way out of town on a Sunday afternoon.
Mi Apa is a good quick Spanish restaurant. The yellow rice they have is so nifty along with their steak sandwich (sorry I totally forgot the name), and the cuban sandwich is delicious too. I had the pineapple juice last time I went and it was very good too. The beef empanadas and guava pastries are outstanding. When you go to check out, be sure to try some of the Spanish candies they are like laffy taffy but one-hundred times better!
I've been there 4 or 5 times and have never been exactly wowed. They screwed up the order twice, either by giving me the wrong item or completely leaving off an item I paid for. They were at least accommodating in correcting their mistakes. The food is good, but not great and I only keep going back to try different dishes hoping I find something I really like. It just hasn't happened yet. Pretty average experience overall and I don't think I'll be going back.
Pretty damn good Cuban food. The ham croquettas are awesome.
Good food at cheap price. Good quantity. Their mango juice is a must when u visit.
After a long track meet were were craving some Mi Apa. We walk in the door to find they had already closed but since we were from out of town they would make us a to go order. The food was great and the customer service was great. They have won my repeat business!
Not a big fan of the cuban sandwich here, but the palomilla empanizada is usually pretty good (one time it was over cooked) and the ropa vieja is excellent.  I recommend the moro rice as an excellent side as well as the maduros.   Get a cortadito after lunch and you will be set.
Cheap, delicious cuban food priced perfectly for a college student who's low on cash. Pork chunks and pot roast are my favorite, though they tend to run out on the pot roast. very relaxed atmosphere, and service is usually great.
We stopped in to Mi Apa for lunch on our way to Orlando.  The place was very well lit, open and clean. It's a fast casual style restaurant, but with sit down waiter service. I had the Picadillo, my wife had the Pollo Asado, kids had Miami and Croquette sandwiches.  We all shared Yuca Frita and Maduros (Sweet Plantains), which were  recommended by our waiter.  The food was fast and delicious.  It was a bit of a stretch for my tweeners, but they were sold by the excellent wait staff, who are all enthusiastic about the food.  If you don't know anything about Cubano cuisine, just come in and ask for some recommendations.   We finished it off with an order of Chocolate Churros.  Yum!
This is the place my wife and I eat most consistently in Gainesville. Good, fast, affordable food. Everything I've had I enjoy, including the arroz con pollo, ropa vieja, boliche, chicken soup, all the veggies, sandwiches, coffee, etc. We also love the guava pastries for dessert. We will miss this place when we leave Gainesville!
Great place! Cuban, Venezualan, and Columbian food. Good stop on the way from Atlanta to Orlando/Tampa. This is a must visit place if you have never had arapas! The Arapas are even bigger than you expect, so you really do not need a side dish.
This place is amazing.  I don't know a lot about latin food, but this place is absolutely delicious.  And the staff is awesome, too.  I can't recommend this place enough.  While you're there, try some of their latin coffee; it's heavy on the sugar, but delicious.
We had our reservations about this place at first because you just never know. However, after trying the food we were pleasantly surprised and very satisfied. It is clean and reasonably priced. All of our plates were delicious but the platanos machos were especially good. You cannot leave without topping your meal off with a café cubano (Cuban coffee). It is a must try!
Its kinda expensive for dry, overcooked, and small portions.  Is there nothing good in that whole plaza?
Mi Apa's 'Lechon Asado" is as close to homemade as it gets! I highly recommend it along with their Moros rice and yuca con mojo. A genuinely authentic Cuban meal! While you're there, try the Ironbeer or Sugar cane juice (also known as guarapo).
I stop by there for breakfast at least twice a week for a café con leche and either the egg sandwich or a guava and cheese pastry.  They also have great Cuban sandwiches and ropa Vieja (sp?)...  Plus all of the women who work there are gorgeous!
Yummy delicious incredible food!! BAD BAD BAD BAD BAAAAD service!! I don't know what the heck happened because the service here used to be good. My friend and I went in one night and sat outside. Our waitress took our order and we never saw her again. Someone else brought us our food and coffee. My coffee was burnt and I waited for her to check on us so I could ask for a new one but she never did. 30 minutes later we are done eating and still waiting for her to return so my friend can order something else and I can get a new coffee. At this point I'm looking into the window to see where she is and see her screwing around with her co-workers. I made eye contact with her numerous times and yet still she never got the hint to come outside. Finally, my friend and I get sick of waiting and just walk inside to pay and get a new coffee. The waitress actually has the nerve to give us a dirty look and say in Spanish to her co-worker how we were impatient (uhm, almost 40 minutes of waiting for you to return is definitely not impatient honey and just because I'm white doesn't mean I don't understand Spanish) The next day my boyfriend goes in to grab lunch and a coffee for me (their coffee is bomb when made right) and miscalculates what he has left on his debit card. So when it denies payment he runs across the street to check his account balance and transfer money at the Publix ATM and comes back to pay. He stood at the register waiting to be helped for 5 minutes and no one would take his order. They were too busy screwing around to do their job. I am definitely hesitant about continuing to dine at Mi Apa and hope they get their staff straightened out quick.
OK I feel like people who didn't love this place have way too high standards for a college town that's nowhere near Miami (or Cuba or Colombia or home). I adore this place. I always get the same thing, palomilla steak meal (comes with two sides) and it's under $10! I also get the super-yummy guava pastries that are the cheapest you can get around here. My friend, who is Mexican, also adores this place and she gets a different thing every time and we have never been dissatisfied with the food. It's good portion size and tastes superb. I also love the setting: it's very clean and bright. I guess if you sit outside there are flies (in regards to a previous rater)? I've never seen flies inside the place... The service is not the fastest, but if you're looking for fast service you might as well just use the drive-through... It's obvious the waiters/waitresses are very busy and it's not like they're standing around doing nothing. I also don't like how they use styrofoam and I feel guilty eating IN a restaurant with styrofoam... but otherwise A+!
Can be to busy to get around lunch time. The food is ok, not great, but it's worth the price and severed fast.
Cheap and tasty food in gainesville. Would recommend!!
When ever we're in town and are in the mood for Cuban food, this is where we go. I love, love, love arroz con pollo and can't get a decent dish where I live, so it's a treat for me when we eat here. My daughter absolutely loves the empanadas and flans. Besides the food, the staff there are very friendly and are always willing to answer any questions.
I feel badly for Gainesville Yelpers who rave about Mi Apa. If this is the best Latin food your city has to offer, I'll pass. I picked this spot for lunch with my folks due to the stellar reviews I read online. My better judgment should have prevailed when I saw the fast food facade. Yet, the employees were friendly and all of us were hungry, so we went ahead and ordered. The food wasn't offensive but my "house specialty" chicken and rice provided a lack of flavor and an abundance of over-cooked chicken. The watermelon smoothie had a nice flavor, but huge chunks of ice and frozen melon dominated leaving little to actually drink. I can understand wanting a big meal for a low price, but I can only presume that most of the raves here were written by frugal college kids, relatives of the owners, or obese Floridians in search of massive calories. I hope for Gainesville's sake that better culinary options than this mediocre cafe can be found around town.
Love the colada (Cuban coffee), chicken and rice, chicken fricassee, croquettes, mini guava pastries, Elena Ruz sandwich, and, last but certainly not least, chicken noodle soup (best ever when you're sick, especially with a bit of hot sauce). Mi Apa is one of the things I miss most about Gainesville.
Went last night had the shredded beef w/ yellow rice and plantain..my son had a cuban..then ordered another to take back to the hotel!  He wants to go back for breakfast.  Reasonable prices, good service and the food is good too!
It has gotten MUCH better. Very good medianoche.
This place is convenient, it's open late, and has a drive through. It has good Cuban coffee, typical Cuban dishes with some South American recipes as well.
fast, authentic latin food.
So so good! I got the Lechon Asado and it took me back to my Mama's kitchen.  Ham hawk black beans... The sweet platanos... All very authentic.  Can't wait to go back.
I lived in Miami for a long time and missed the great food.  I heard that Mi Apa was a great place to enjoy the flavors of Cuba.  Not so, unfortunately.  The food tasted as though it was made way ahead of time and just reheated.  It lacked flavor, was dry and is not at all what I had anticipated.  I had the Ropa Vieja, Black beans and rice and tostones.  The ropa Vieja had no flavor.  the black beans were straight out of the can (or at least tasted that way) and the tostones tasted like they were fried yesterday and reheated in the microwave.  There is potential there if they decide to take their food seriously.
We went to Mi Apa Late Saturday night and Loved it.  The most amazing experience ever. Our server Leo was Amazing. This dude was everywhere.  He got everything we asked for and did it fast and really showed he enjoyed what he did.  And the price was amazing. We left out with three trays of food left over and only paid after tip what we would have paid in most places before a tip.  I mean a dessert is 1.50 Its not a huge desert but where can you find anyone selling a dessert for 1.50.  We loved everything about the place and will be back many more times to come.
