After a very disappointing curry experience the previous week at a NW restaurant, we were excited to try Bangkok square. My wife had the Musaman, and it was excellent. You could taste the different flavors in the rich sauce, and it was mild enough for her taste. I had the pad thai, and really enjoyed it as well. I ordered medium spice, and it was just right for me. The interior has a really nice feel to it, and it is really nice to have good thai food on the west side.
The is my first time experiencing Thai food. I know, where have I been? Let me explain, most Thai food restaurants have sushi and I like sushi so much I stay in my comfort zone. Another thing is I am usually not a huge fan of curry. But the curry at this restaurant isn't in your face and over powering the taste of the dish. The curry is subtle and compliments any dish that you get. The food came very quickly and it was really good, if I am ever in G'ville and in the mood for Thai or sushi I know where I am going.
Finding a good Thai place in Gainesville? Not so easy. This place is the best out of other highly rated Thai restaurants in the area (Bahn Thai and Chopstix). The staff is great--they are friendly and helpful with offering suggestions for vegetarian meals. While they don't have very many vegetarian appetizers (egg rolls and fried tofu), they do have at least one salad, and then a number of dishes that can be prepared veggie. I've had nearly all of the sauteed meals, and the basil and chili sauces (think, sweet chili orange sauce with red pepper) are the best, followed by the sweet and sour. We have also ordered the red curry (rave reviews), pad khee mao, and pad see euw dishes, all of which were spot on, except for the spice level. They do have the typical mild to Thai hot range, but their "Thai hot" just means adding more pepper flakes on top of your food, which = cheating, but at least it's heat, whereas other Thai places in the area don't seem to understand that we like our tongues burnt out of our mouths. The place is absolutely gorgeous. Booths are comfortable, but too close to the table, so if you want some leg room, ask for a table instead. I must mention that the music here drives me bonkers. I think when they opened someone might have given them a sampler CD of five Thai-style songs that all have the same instrumentalist plucking the same instrument to the same tune. I'm all for authentic, but please add some variety. Might I suggest Nichkhun? Overall, they definitely hit the Thai flavor, but they could do more to add spice during cooking instead of after, and someone needs to tell them about Thai pop.
Good Thai food. I had their pad Thai. It was really good! I am generally picky about the pad Thai and I liked it here. The quantity is smaller than the other Thai places in town but will fill you up. The staff was real nice. The guy was really funny and was keeping the place lively.
This place is outstanding! I had pretty high expectations to begin with, yet they were all surpassed. We were greeted as soon as we walked in, and seated almost immediately, at a nice corner booth. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. We each ordered an appetizer, and they came out to us within minutes. Our empty dishes were removed promptly, and our water glasses were always filled. I ordered the Green Curry w/ chicken at maximum spiciness (Thai hot), and it was absolutely superb. The sauce was pleasantly spicy and slightly sweet, with crispy vegetables and tender chicken. I practically licked the plate clean. Overall, I truly enjoyed my first experience at Bangkok Square. The food was excellent, and the staff was friendly, knowledgable, and accommodating. I will definitely return!
Great service! Fresh, hot, tasty food! We will be back. M&M
The sudden explosion of Thai restaurants in Gainesville...can't argue with that and about time! However, the dishes I ordered here were flawed. I got the fried tofu appetizer. Boring, but well fried tofu triangles with some plum sauce for $7? Totally uninspired dish. If it was $4 and came with peanut sauce then it would make some sense in my mouth. I saw a picture on Yelp for the crispy fried eggplant in panang curry sauce and had to try it. It came with very thick, round slices of eggplant, tempura style, with fresh veggies and a really creamy, delicious panang sauce. However the execution was way off as the eggplant was tough and undercooked (probably because of the thickness). Maybe some people like their eggplant al dente, but I like when it almost melts in your mouth. I almost didn't want to eat it but noticed that towards the end the eggplant continued to cook and got a little bit softer. Definitely a potential winner if they can get the eggplant right. Oh also this dish somehow goes for $14. Pretty dang steep for a basic eggplant dish. However, I was very happy that they accommodated my request to order a thai iced tea with coconut milk instead of cream. So many places look at me like Im an alien when I ask for this. My parents ordered steam dumplings, which were decent and looked homemade. A seared tuna dish that she thought was good, but not as good as another place in town. And they ordered a ginger chicken stir fry that was decent but nothing remarkable. A word on the service. The restaurant is small and was near capacity. There was only one waiter and he had to be very quick with us and not give us too much attention. But who gives a crap? I go out to eat food not be pampered.  And despite his curtness he got everything right and another food runner was very cheerful and our food was brought out in a decent time (20-30 minutes). Also who wants to go to a Thai restaurant and watch  CNN? This placed was a mixed bag and I would have given it 2.5 stars, but they get rounded up for being a very pleasant people and atmosphere overall.
The dish was a little salty for pad se ew, but overall it was good. The appetizers were simple and tasty, cute comfy seating, good price for the amount of food given and yummy desserts. I loved how they gave fresh and sweet watermelon as a pallet cleanser between the main course and dessert. The lychee with coconut ice cream was absolutely perfect after a salty meal and the crispy chips were great together!
This was a lovely surprise!  We went for lunch on a Saturday. The food was delicious, served prompt and hot.  The service was perfect.  And the price was amazing for what you get!   I love that they serve a small soup and spring roll with the meal, as well as dessert.  I got the shrimp & chicken pad thai.  Hubby had the green curry.  We were both really happy.   Thanks to the owners for putting  effort into making such a nice dining experience!  We can't wait to go back.
After living in Cali, I was missing my Asian cuisine and am happy to say that I was quite pleased with my meal! Staff was so attentive and polite and the food tasted great. Good lunch special with soup and egg roll included. Couldn't ask for anything more!
Decisions, Decisions...... with only a limited amount of good 'non-corporate' restaurants in town one is very limited with the choices. I came to Bangkok for the first time in February and even though they were new I could look past the small errors as the food was good. I've been going every month ever since and each time I take different friends so they too can experience Bangkok Square. I must say every time I've gone I see the restaurant busier and busier and grow more and it brings me lots of Joy.   In regards to the food it's absolutely delicious and consistent. Which seems to be the issue for most restaurants in Gainesville. The Pad-Thai is my favorite full of flavor and as far as spice goes you can ask how spicy you'd like it. The sushi is good and presentation is beautiful. Appetizers are all good, the Wonton Soup is a must have. The staff is very courteous and friendly!! Soo good I chose this place for My Birthday Dinner; that says a lot!
It was my first time at this restaurant and I really enjoyed it. I went with my friends and all of us enjoyed our meals. We got curry, pad thai, and drunken noodles; they were all delicious. You can ask them to change the level of the spiciness. Appetizers: I wouldn't recommend people getting appetizers here because it was a little bit pricy for the quantity. Service: It was a little bit slow and we had to ask for stuff instead of them doing their tasks on their own and it wasn't even busy. Atmosphere: Pretty nice and clean because it is new. I would also recommend for big parties as well. But make sure to call before! Overall, I would go there again but will not get their appetizers.
Living in Haile, I always get really excited when a new place opens up west of I-75 and south of Newberry Rd.  I was especially excited to see a new thai spot, in a town with very little decent options for thai food! We have been twice and so far we have been impressed. The massaman curry and pad thai were very good.  Pad thai is one of those things that is a little different at every restaurant but I like Bangkok Square's iteration. My wife loves the drunken noodles. Someone else used the phrase "good for Gainesville," and I would agree -- this restaurant wouldn't make a top 10 list of thai restaurants in Florida, but it is arguably the best thai place in Gainesville (though the competition isn't fierce).  The decor is nice and clean, as you would expect a new restaurant to be. The service was friendly and decently responsive, though we went early (6:00) and there were only 3 other parties dining at the time. I can't speak to the quality of the sushi as I haven't tried it yet. We will be coming back and I hope this place succeeds... need more good restaurants on our side of town!
authentic Thai food, great service, we ordered two rolls, pad Thai and a curry dish. Love everything we had.
This is the direction my review was about to go in: "OMG, the Bangkok Duck is sooooooo delicious. Om Nom Nom Nom." Bangkok Square is among a handful of Thai restaurants in Gainesville that have opened up recently, and is currently sitting comfortably ahead of their competition in terms of food quality, service, and atmosphere. They are located down Archer Road in the same plaza as Beef 'O' Brady's. The atmosphere here is relaxed, clean, and very comfortable. I love having the pillows in the booths, though I suspect they'll have to be replaced frequently. The atmosphere is nice enough to be a good date spot. From both of our visits the service has been prompt, and the kitchen has been quick to get the food out. As you can gather I'd be quick to recommend the Bangkok duck, although it's on the pricier end of their menu at around $20. The Yum duck salad is a cheaper and healthier alternative that can also scratch that kind of itch. Their chicken pad Thai is very enjoyable, but not smile-inducing like the duck. The chicken fried rice, while not bad, lacked any defining characteristics. All of their fried appetizers (go for the variety plate) were good, especially the curry puffs. There! That was pretty short and to the point still, huh? I'm looking forward to more delicious dining experience at Bangkok Square.
Let me start by saying this was the best curry experience I've ever had! I ordered the Musaman curry dish with chicken as the protein, the curry was perfectly cooked and creamy and the spice level was exactly where I wanted it to be. My girlfriend ordered the Pad-thai with chicken as well and she loved it. Both meals were cooked to perfection despite us walking in at 9:15pm and the restaurant closing time is 9:30pm. Last but not least, the customer service was unlike any other restaurant in Gainesville, the manager was extremely attentive and made great recommendations. She continued to check on us and so did the rest of the staff to make sure our water glasses stayed full the whole time. We will definitely be going back to this place and I highly recommend it to anyone considering to visit.... if only more Gainesville restaurants worked like this.
Very overpriced and seriously disappointing. Nothing in my meal had any flavor at all. I ordered spring rolls and pad thai. The total for takeout before tax and tip was $20. The pad thai tasted like chalk and i had to add soy sauce and spices at home to make it edible. I would not recommend this place to anyone. I am baffled by the good reviews of this place. Big bummer.
I was in town and met a friend for dinner-I excited that there was a Thai place near Tower Road. The ambiance is nice and the decor is new. For me, that is where the positives ended. We were seated in a cramped section of the restaurant where waiters and waitresses bumped in to me every time they passed by. I ordered the chicken pad Thai and my friend ordered the tofu fried rice. Although we ordered at the same time, her dish came out about ten minutes before mine did. When my food came out, there was no spice at all to the pad Thai. The sauce was very limited, which made the overall dish taste very bland. There was no spice to the food, and they didn't ask me what level I wanted when I ordered, which surprised me. I asked for a spice rack to compensate. I asked for a lime to flavor my food. The waitress came back and tossed a lemon in my diet coke. I looked at her and repeated my request for a lime for my food. She came back with a small dish full of a liquid. I asked her what is was and she told me it was lime juice. I expected an actual lime wedge, but at that point I was kind of over the whole dinner. The waitress was nonexistent most of the dinner, and we had to wait repeatedly to have our drinks refilled. I'm sure they are "working out the kinks" because they are new, but I was pretty disappointed with my flavorless dinner and the slow service. I love Thai food, but this just wasn't very good. I will stick with Thai in Jacksonville.
Ordered takeout here on a Sunday evening.  The staff over the phone were great, it was a very pleasant experience ordering.  They were perfect on the timing, I had to wait a couple of minutes, but they brought me over a glass of water while I waited which I thought was really nice.  The food itself was excellent, I got the basil sauce chicken which had a great amount of spiciness and wasn't too rich at all.  The chicken was also well cooked and all white meat, which I appreciated.  Veggies were all tasty.  Rice was typical Asian restaurant rice, nothing special.  The price was very reasonable.  One note, the place kind of smelled like a cat, and not in a good way, I'm not sure if that's a usual thing or was just a one time thing when I was there, but I wouldn't have really wanted to eat in if it smelled like that.
Bangkok Square is a new Thai restaurant out on the west side of Archer Road--out toward Haile Plantation. It's tucked neatly into a small shopping center and the interior is a bright yet warm and welcoming array of oranges, golds, and other peaceful yet lively colors in a small though ample space. Everything is brand-new, so in general that's also a plus. The interior is somewhat typical but certainly enjoyable and the owners and staff seem very eager to make a good showing of things. Others have commented here and elsewhere regarding the poor service, but I found the service to be fine. My waiter was possibly a bit lacking on conversation and may have been less than confident in speaking English beyond the basics one would expect from a waiter, but he was certainly able and willing to carry out his duties and did so promptly. There were no delays that I noticed for myself nor the tables around me, and it's something I was keeping an eye out for given the complaints in that regard here on Yelp. The food was good, though far from the best Thai I've ever had and the menu pretty standard to American Thai restaurants. You have your curries with choices of meat, your stir-fry type dishes, your larb gai and other Thai salads. They also offer sushi which to me is normally a bad sign in a Thai place, but people were getting the sushi, liked it, and also were happy with their Thai food, as I was myself. I had the egg rolls and the red curry with chicken. The egg rolls were fine, but not exceptional while the red curry was pretty good and contained ample chicken but could have used more sauce--there just wasn't enough to go with the chicken and vegetables. The serving though was generous and I cannot fault them for having, really, more chicken than curry sauce around it. I also had a Thai ice tea which was fine, just like you'd get most places. This restaurant, in all candor, would not rate four stars in a major city. It is not probably as good (at least based on one dinner) as Royal Orchid in Ocala, even. However, it is good for Gainesville and much better than its current competition.
This place is a home run! Beautifully decorated with a modern intimate setting. We had the app sampler & it was GREAT! I had the drunken noodle & my wife had the pad Thai. It was absolutely superb! This is a definite redo.
This is my second visit here. This restaurant is relatively new to this area. Management and staff is still ironing out some issues such as service. They have been open for a month or so and they have yet to offer speedy service. It is slow. The waiting staff needs to be more attentive otherwise, it will drive patrons away even with the good food that they have to offer here. The food though is actually pretty good. Their curry is top notch. Their beef satay appetizer is both tender and flavorful. The peanut sauce and the side salad that come with the appetizer are mouthwatering additions. Portions of the entrees are pretty large. The duck entrees, albeit, on the expensive side are worth trying out if you are a duck fan. Both the Bangkok Duck and Crispy Duck are both delicious. I also noticed that there were quite a few dishes for the vegetarians out there. I love eating meat, don't get me wrong but if this restaurant only served vegetarian dishes, I would still go back knowing that both their sauces and dry seasoning is what makes their dishes so good. The decor feels very welcoming. The carpeted floors make it more comfy. There are booths along the windows and tables in the center. Parking is easy to find. There are a few businesses in this plaza that are closed around dinner time (after 5pm) so finding parking should never be too much of a hassle. I am going back... To try out their sushi. Thai sushi? It will be interesting for sure!
Agree with everyone else. Totally. Service was sweet and kind, but sub-par on the basics (silverware, refills).  Food was in great portions and of very high quality.  Tasted super fresh.  Crispy eggplant, as recommended, was awesome, but I'd recommend sharing as it's huge and doesn't reheat very well.  But everyone else finished their dishes so no word on that.  Oh!  Cheap sake, too. Gluten was hiding where it wasn't expected, but we didn't ask, either, with too much assumption.  Not their fault, no negativity reflected in this review, but make sure to be super explicit.  And they'll be accommodating, as our vegan was taken care of wonderfully. Overall, amazing place for weird eaters.  We had a SAD-er, a vegan, a strict vegetarian and a Paleo and we were all perfectly happy and well fed at a totally fair rate. Wouldn't recommend for an *intimate* date, but would recommend for friends going out for dinner or for a few months into a relationship.
Went here twice already w my husband and the service has been excellent thus far. I've always been picky w pad thai but Bangkok square definitely hit the mark for me and I just love it. I've also had their panang curry and green curry dishes and they were great as well. My only complaint is probably charging for extra rice, which I realize is probably really nitpicky but for the amount of food they give you as an entree, I would expect more rice than what they normally give you. Otherwise, I would give this 5 stars. Anyways, my husband and I just end up taking home the rest of the food rather than pay extra for white rice, which I can get at home.
Been here a few times, and have had great food each time! Awesome vegetarian versions! Crispy eggplant with panang curry sauce was TO DIE FOR! I LOVE eggplant so the fact that they (must have) used almost an entire Italian eggplant in the dish was uber fantastic. Had masaman with tofu also. Very good! Because the servings are pretty large for me, I always have leftovers. They do not skimp on the vegetarian protein options! Comes with a decent bowl of rice. A new favorite in town. Definitely worth the wait in my opinion!
I went with a band of friends I work with and tried the chicken pad thai which was pretty good, the portion size was kinda small for the price though... atmosphere was nice and service seemed friendly, I don't have much to say except it was decent food for a pricey amount and small portions
Bangkok Square is kinda out of the way, past I-75 by a good ten minutes. My fiance and I arrived a little before 7 pm to no wait and were promptly seated. Our timing was perfect because over the next 15 minutes the restaurant filled and became extremely busy. I ordered massaman curry with tofu while my fiance ordered chicken pad thai. These are our favorite thai dishes and often our measure if we'll frequent a place or not.  It's true the service isn't quite right. Everyone who waited on us was very nice and never kept us waiting for too long, but the service was hectic and there seemed to be confusion about who was doing what. We got our food after about 25 min and it was delicious! The curry sauce was thick and flavorful and the veggies and tofu were well cooked. The guy also thoroughly enjoyed his pad thai and ate it all in five minutes! When we left there were two groups of people outside waiting for a table. One guy asked as we passed, "How was it?" We both enthusiastically said, "Great!" We will definitely be back.
It was very good. Solid 4 stars. Inside has very nice decor. We went at lunch to get the lunch time menu. Menu choices were good. Prices were around $8-9 per plate. Service size was a little on the smaller side. But for lunch it worked. Soup and a small fried spring roll were served as part of the order. We ordered the Gyoza dumplings. Next time we'll get the steamed. They were just ok. Service was a little slow as they are just getting their act together. But not to bad. We are very happy to have a new restaurant open on Archer Road west of the highway. We definitely recommend. We will be back.
I ordered my meal to go, but the atmosphere inside was very pleasant and inviting.  The staff were not particularly friendly, but seemed to consistently be working hard and I was there during the lunch hour, which was very busy. I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai which came with a spring roll (if I'd dined in, a cup of soup would have also been included).  The spring roll didn't have much flavor.  The Pad Thai had a great foundation of flavor, but did not have ANY heat or citrus.  Bumping up the heat and adding some fresh lime juice would have made it wonderful.
Arrived for lunch on an early Sunday afternoon. We were seated quickly and ordered an eggroll appetizer to start, the rolls were hot and delicious. Main course was chicken pad thai for her and pork/chicken/beef panang curry for me (spicy for the latter). The pad thai was great, and the panang curry was wonderfully flavorful, although not nearly as spicy as I would've liked. We also ordered a caterpillar roll (sushi, eel mainly) and it was excellent. Will dine again.
The food was fantastic.  We had a large group and it all came out hot and it was delicious.  The only reason I am not giving a 5 star is because the service was not as great.  They filled our waters but never even asked us for a drink order.  Later we had to ask for some drinks as they went by.  Would still go back for the food was just outstanding.  If you are looking for great Thai food you should check them out.
Great Thai restaurant probably the best in Gainesville area. Really nice interior. I was a little skeptical after looking at the prices but once we are there, I think it was worth every penny. I guess I was a little used to neighborhood restaurants not charging as much back in Chicago. Give it a try, you won't be diassapointed!
My boyfriend and I are HUGE foodies and  I was super excited to get to  go here with him! It was on a lunch break, so we only had about 45 minutes and we were able to relax and eat with time to spare :) the sushi is so fresh there, we enjoyed some spicy tuna with our entrees, even were brought  a dessert on the house that we will definitely order next time around!
My husband and I wanted Thai food for his birthday dinner. I saw Bangkok Square was new in town and we decided to try it. It was fantastic! I tried the Amazing Sauce with chicken and beef. It truly was amazing! The service was excellent and the atmosphere soothing. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
The atmosphere is quiet and beautiful. The food is very good. I especially like the special volcano roll. Sushi here is so pretty as is most orders. The food is not only good but looks like art.
I am a recent convert to Thai food, and was very skeptical this new restaurant. My skepticism was unfounded! The ambiance was nice the decoration was good and the people were very friendly.  we had pot stickers and  egg rolls to start. I follow these for the red chicken curry and was very impressed. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
I'm so happy to have a great thai place in Gainesville. The food was flavorful, nicely spiced, and tasted authentic. My table shared vegetarian versions of the massaman curry, drunken noodles, eggplant in penang sauce, and the basil rice - all of them were really good. We ordered them medium and they were not very spicy, but had a good balance of flavors. When we came in on a Friday at 7pm the restaurant was pretty busy and they had to split our group up to fit the 8 of us - so I would recommend a reservation for groups over 4 (most of their tables are for 4 people). The space is not very large, but with the open windows and pleasant decor it feels nice and comfortable.
Duck pad Thai had little noodles but tons of crazy good duck and veggies. Crab soup was simple clear broth with crabmeat and veggies. Curries were all good. The larb gai salad was to die for!
I really liked the freshness of the food. Veggies were crisp and the dishes had excellent flavor. I ordered the ginger chicken with brown rice and it was excellent. The seaweed soup was also flavorful and all the veggies were crisp. My husband really enjoyed the spicy fried rice (he said it was really spicy and he liked it) and the shrimp was cooked excellently. He loved the thai iced tea, and I must say it really did look amazing. I can't wait to eat here again, it reminded me of my favorite place in Brooklyn. As for the service, there are only 2 waitresses so it is difficult to get an order fast.  Everything was clean and the decor was nice.
Let me just say I already love this restaurant. It just opened recently near my house  the next new thing in Thai here in Gainesville (which has been lacking for some time since Bahn Thai was sold). The service was good, the food was better and the atmosphere and decor was elegant and inviting. I had the chicken panang and my girl had pad thai, oh and we both had soup. It was all fantastic! I have already eaten here since my first go and it was also very tasty. A must go in Gainesville.
Gainesville has been needing a quality Thai restaurant for some time now and I am happy to say that Bangkok square is the answer. I've been to around 40 different Thai restaurants in my life, and Bangkok square has the best Tom Kha soup I have ever had in my life! The ambiance is nice and the service was very good, but this is not why I give it 5 stars. The food is delicious! Well seasoned, fresh, and tasty. I had the veggie and tofu soup and the veggie stir fry. Top quality dishes! I highly recommend this place.
Stellar service, made sure to keep the waters full and the table clear!  wonton soup was a little underwhelming, but by no means bad.  Thai curry was very well executed and delicious!  My brother had the basil sauce chicken which was quite spicy but fantastic!  recommended!
AMAZING. For a vegetarian this place is awesome. They are creative but you can also find simple dishes. I had the pineapple fried rice with vegetables and it was delicious. Good sized portions. Staff were very pleasant and atmosphere was nice. The place is clean and really cute. I would recommend for a date night or just a casual night out as well. The desserts all looked so great too.
Excited to see this unique restaurant open up in Gainesville. Ordered hot green tea, the appetizer sampler, pineapple fried rice, and chicken pad thai. The appetizer sampler was very good (loved the sauces), the entrees could have had a bit more flavor (we've had better, but hopefully it was an off night). Would like to go back and try something different.
After reading a great review on Facebook, my boyfriend and I decided to stop by for lunch. We were greeted by a hostess and seated quickly. We had the crispy duck pad Thai  and the seafood mussaman curry. Both were delicious and great portion size for the lunch special. We would come back again
They still have great food and the service has improved, but it's still on the slow side. The owner's sister was quite rude.
I'm Thai and this is my new fav Thai restaurant in town. Padthai with crispy duck is very good, not too sweet and the crunch of the duck skin is a big plus. At $12, the dish is a steal. Tomyum kung fried Rice is a nice fusion dish with authentic tomyum spices. Will definitely come back to try some other dishes.
This place is great. Good portions. Delicious, fresh food. Stylish yet comfortable atmosphere. Great service. Will definitely return!
I went here on a date and ordered pork dumplings as my appetizer and chicken with green curry as my entree. All of my food was delicious, and I loved the tea. My only suggestion has to do with knowing your limits when ordering spicier foods. I like heat, so I opted for a "medium" curry for my chicken - I quickly realized it was too much for me and that I should have gone with "mild." This restaurant is small and not very well established yet, but I see it's potential as a future ethnic Asian food destination in Gainesville.
Had lunch here early on a Sunday. It was fantastic. I've been waiting for 10 years for Gainesville to get a good thai restaurant and I'm very happy to see we finally have one. I saw a few poor reviews of this restaurant related to service. One thing that's interesting about Gainesville is that despite the relatively decent size of the town and number of restaurant choices, Gainesville residents absolutely SLAM a new restaurant it's opening week. Excluding chain restaurants with heavy corporate training programs, I've seen a lot of new places fall apart in their first week because they weren't prepared for a mad rush the moment their doors opened.  Then lots of people usually experience bad service, assume that's the norm for the place, and do not return, write poor reviews, etc. I'm hoping that won't be the case with this place and it's one of the reasons I gave them a few weeks to work out their kinks before I stopped in. My service experience was wonderful. They even brought out a child plate/silverware for my toddler which she absolutely appreciated. Their lunch was a great deal. My wife's lunch was $8 for pad see eew that was very well done and it came with a Thai egg roll and a small cup of a very tasty garlic chicken and rice soup.  My wife always order noodles at a Thai joint and I almost never do but this dish will make me reconsider on my next visit. I had massaman curry which I order at Thai restaurants across the country. You can tell this place makes their own curry paste (and anyone who has done that themselves knows that's a sign that they truly care about their food).  Sometimes when I travel on business I'll yelp a thai restaurant have a very good but not great curry dish. After one does this a few dozen times you start to notice that the curry eaten at a Chicago Thai restaurant this week tastes identical to the curry at a Thai restaurant in Dallas you went to the week before.  I think there are dozens if not hundreds of Thai restaurants littered around the country that rely on store bought pastes and sauces which is why so many taste the same and not much better than what an enthusiast can make in his or her own kitchen.  Given the complexity of Thai ingredients, I doubt any 2 Thai dishes made from scratch in separate kitchens would ever taste so similar. Bangkok Square tastes uniquely home made. The massaman curry was what it should be, but also had wonderful hints of almost a pumpkin spice warmth which makes it uniquely theirs and very very good.  It also came with the eggroll and soup. In addition I ordered a bowl of Tom Kha soup which was also wonderful and scratch made. It had large slices of shallots in the bowl which I had not seen in this type of soup before and gave it such a nice flavor. In all, id say this is easily the best Thai in Gainesville from a food standpoint based on the dishes mentioned. I sincerely hope the quality of the food allows them to survive the few stumbles in service people wrote about during the typical Gainesville first-week tsunami of customers.
I have been tremendously excited about this restaurant opening since I heard about it a couple of months ago. In fairness, I should say that they have only been open for about a week, and our visit was on Valentine's Day, which is always a challenge for a restaurant. Even given that, however, the only way to describe our experience was an utter disappointment. I had such high hopes.     For starters, I went in several days earlier and made a reservation for 6:30 p.m. We arrived at approximately 6:30. No one was at the hostess station. Indeed, there were several other people standing there as well, all of us being ignored. There is a clock on the wall, so it was easy to know the timeline. It was 6:50 (twenty minutes after we arrived) before anyone even spoke to us. Prior to that the hostess had been running around frantically trying to do everything else in the restaurant. But, once we told them we had a reservation for 6:30, we were shown a table almost immediately. At 6:55 we sat down for our 6:30 reservation. OK, chalk it up to Valentine's and let it go. But, we were seated at a plain, empty table. No silverware or napkins, nothing on the table. Once we were seated, we waited, and waited, and waited some more. We were completely ignored. Finally, at 7:25, a full 30 minutes after we were seated, our "server" stopped at the table, said, "Sorry" and asked for our drink orders. We placed our food orders at the same time. It was another 10 minutes before the drinks actually arrived (and we only had water and iced tea).      We ordered an appetizer. A long time later I saw the appetizer, delivered to a different table. It sat there for a few minutes until the people told someone it wasn't theirs. The server then tried to serve it to two other tables, unsuccessfully. Finally he took it back to the kitchen, only to emerge a few minutes later with our now cold appetizer. No explanation. Just plopped it on the empty table. At that point, I pointed out that we had no plates or silverware. He promised they would be forthcoming. They were not. We ate the cold appetizer with our fingers. We did ask two more times for table service Third time was a charm. The silverware and napkins arrived about five minutes after our entrees were served.      I ordered one of the house specials...a Panang Curry dish with shrimp and chicken. Priced at 17.95 it seemed a little overpriced, but sounded good nonetheless. I ordered it "Thai Hot" (you are asked to choose between mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot). It was served so mild it was almost bland. It had two shrimp and a little chicken. The rice side was two tiny scoops of rice that made for about six bites of rice. Pretty sad for a 17.95 dish. My wife's dish was similar and had the same pitiful two little scoops of rice. To their credit, the vegetables in the dishes were seemingly fresh, cooked perfectly, and delicious. The two shrimp in my dish, however, were obviously frozen shrimp, and were bland, freezer burned and almost flavorless.        Even still, I was hoping the whole evening would be redeemed with dessert. You see, I love Thai Sticky Rice desserts and this place had one on their menu. I had looked forward to it throughout the whole meal. Atfer sitting in front of our empty entree plates for at least 10 minutes, a man we had never seen before approached the table and said, none too kindly, "Are you finished?" I replied, "We had hoped to order dessert." "Oh," he said, seemingly irritated that we wanted to order dessert. "What do you want?" I told him and he disappeared. A full ten minutes later he returned to say, "So sorry, we are out of sticky rice." Seriously? How is it possible for a Thai restaurant to run out of sticky rice? So, we asked for the check. I'm sure you can imagine, it was another 10-15 minutes before we received the check.       All around us we could hear other people having the same problems. Comments such as, :"Well, they seem to be trying at least" (though I have to say if you can't get water to the table in less than 30 minutes, it hardly constitutes "trying". Another customer said, "Well, I always give new restaurants two tries before writing them off...but the next try better be a huge improvement over this one." Well, he's a better man than me. I can't imagine trying them again. They did bring over some cards as an apology for the terrible service, it offered us a free appetizer or dessert (assuming they actually had the desserts) on our next visit, provided that visit was in the next two weeks, and only with the purchase of two full dinners! To be honest, with the poor quality of the overall food experience, the pitifully small serving sizes, and their seemingly overpriced entrees, I can't imagine coming back to purchase more.          If you want Gainesville Thai food, try Rice Thai instead. The food is twice as good, twice as large on the portions for half the price. And they know what they are doing.
This is new, so everything is still squeaky clean, the ambiance is pleasant, nicely decorated, neo-Thai. Had lunch, which was pretty good. It's more commercial than I like, as another review said its rating would probably be more like 3 stars elsewhere. I've had much better in other cities. But it was tasty, prices were reasonable and you can mix and match meats and sauces. So maybe red curry beef may not be so Thai but if that's what you want then it will be your lunch! The chef's probably laughing at our weird western combinations. The comp soup and spring roll starter, and the sweet at the end was nice of them. Simple, but the gesture was appreciated. I did find the booth size limiting, a bit uncomfortable, maybe they tried squeezing one too many booths in. My skinny daughter and husband were fine though, lol. The lady who served us was very welcoming and friendly. Would return for lunch.
the decor was nice, staff was friendly and the pad thai was good. but my fellow companions had a subpar experience. i sampled there sweet chili sauce with squid and the sauce was quite generic.. it tasted out of the bottle with no extra added spices. the seafood in general my opinion needed to be charred a little more... this included the shrimp and scallops. it was quite one texture througout the whole bite. the sauces were however decent. i reccomend their basil thai house special sauce. but if your a big eater like me you might need to order something on the side, because i felt a need for more food afterwards. the complimentary soup, eggrolls, and desert was quite nice. i would go again.
Finally....delicious Thai food has arrived to Gainesville.  We have tried a few places around and the "fusion" is not the same.  I really enjoyed the yum beef and the curries.  Next time I will order the dinner portion since it is bigger than the lunch portion.
Just opened up, the food is good. I've been looking for a good place for pad thai and i thought it was very well made here. The service is a little slow and could probably use some more people. Overall though i enjoyed my experience here. =)
What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.  So many excellent options for vegetarians and flesh eaters alike.  Authentic flavors and excellent service.  If you know the history of Thai restaurants you will understand the importance of this sentence - THIS PLACE IS CLEAN!  I couldn't have been happier with my experience.
I seriously don't know how this place gets such good reviews?  Gave them another try today.  I ordered takeout for dinner and the food was terrible!  I ordered pad thai again and what a disappointment!  It looked bland and dry and was in fact bland and dry!!  I've never had worst pad thai and it's one of my favorite dishes!  Maybe it would have been better if there was more sauce?  The Penang curry sauce was decent but there were 3-4 pieces of zucchini and some chickens swimming in a lot of sauce.  For the price, the portion was rather small.  Every other place I've ordered this dish, there were a lot more veggies and different types of veggies.  I dunno. I just feel very unsatisfied and disappointed after eating here.  I wish Gaineville had a better Thai restaurant :(.  Guess I will have to go to Jax or Orlandp from now on.
Had the duck pad thai. Don't know if I was very hungry or not, but that was one of the best duck dishes I've eaten. Haven't try any thing else, but looking forward to trying some more dishes. Only draw back is that it's not cheap.
After reading the early reviews regarding the poor service we still decided to give this place a try. It appears that management also reads these reviews as we had no issues regarding delay in service when we were there on a Friday evening. The food is typical Thai. My two issues with this place was the portion size and spice. The dinner entrée size seemed more like a lunch portion. As a person who is able to eat spicy food I ordered my Curry Thai hot and was unpleasantly surprised. It was very mild and not spicy at all. I had to request additional hot sauce to get it to the spice level that I expect when ordering something that is Thai hot. Overall it was good for Thai food in Gainesville. We will be back but probably for lunch . I hope they Adjust their spice level and portion size accordingly.
Had dinner here tonight with my family of 4.  The place was crowded when we arrived, but we were seated promptly. Unlike some others, I thought service was quite good.  We got some water and our drink order quickly.  My wife and I split the tom ka soup with chicken.  It was quite good, but perhaps a little sweet.  My children had the beef and chicken satay which they both enjoyed. I had the duck panang and my wife had the duck red curry.  Min was excellent with good spice and crispy duck in a creamy panang sauce.  My wife said here could have been a bit warmer, but had great flavor as well.  We substituted brown rice which was also good.  My son had the beef pad thai which he enjoyed and was as good or better than other asian places in town.   We were seated near the register and while we had a lot of traffic running past our table, the waitstaff was readily available.  Having lived in Gainesville for 18 years, I'm glad we finally have a good Thai restaurant so I don't have to go to Ocala for a fix.
