Simons is the newest, sexiest, most no-bullshit, you-get-what-you-pay-for, high-end nightlife experience in Gainesville. I've been around for 5 years now and have seen it all, and this place has something special. The staff is professional, the sound is incredible, and the lighting is spot-on, the decor is stimulating yet sheik, and everything comes together so perfectly, ensuring patrons have the quality experience they came for. Pricey? Yes. Worth it? Definitely. Five minutes in Simons and you'll forget that you're in Gainesville, FL.
I remember my first trip to Simons. I was just a mere 16 years old, brought there by a man that was trying to seduce me. It was a tiny whole in the wall, one room bar that just served out of the keg. No mixed drinks even. It was underground, it was elitist (you actually had to have a membership card to get in). It was like an old speakeasy. I was hooked and spent many a nights there after, holed up until sunrise, dancing to the beat of some traveling DJ, messed up on god knows what. I'm not afraid to admit it...I was a draggy, club kid...purple hair, lunchbox purse, pacifier, platforms and all. And Simon's was my mothership.
Once were Simons card carrying trance zombies! The old era Simons of 94-97 is legendary in this town and I was lucky enough to be BOOM,smack in the middle of it! Once you had that much sought after Simons card...you were IN,baby!! I can't express in words what an innovative club this was.It housed all the best people in Gainesville under one roof.Everyone groovin  to the residents like Chris Harshman and Shumie. Thrice a week we would don our gear,slam some beers and pass through the dark narrow portal (anticipation building,head bumping) to trance heaven.Music like Sasha & Digweed and Gus Gus would assault you from every direction as you made your way to either the TV room to chill,bar to drink free, or upstairs to make out. Could anything be better than partying with Darren Partington from 808State@ Simons? I did,and it was a great time! Haven't been there since '97,I'd be an old fart there now! Prolly still,if Simon is still managing it,breaking new ground that the rest of us won't hear about for another few years. Cheers to all my old friends at SIMONS! Truly great times! *I couldn't agree more with the review below.
THEY CHARGE $3 for tap water. They're disgusting money hungry people over there to the point where they won't give drunk people water. Horrible. Never going here. You'd be better off going to 101 or anywhere else. Maybe a gas station down the street. At least they'll give you water and beer will be cheaper. THEY SHOULD BE FINED.
You just had to be there... We were,,, and it pretty much helped to define what/who we are today. Would not be able to describe it to you even if I wanted to. All of our lives during that time pretty much revolved around the club. The day began at 3am and continued well into the next day or two. We were slaves to the groove running wild in the night with no care in the world shunning the inevitable fact that the party had to end sometime. There has never been and never will be a club like Simon's.
Simon... this one's for you... when I was a little naive girl roaming the streets of downtown gainesville, a pass by this dark alley and all i could hear was the thumping bass kicking... basslines dropping and before you know it.. i was inside a dark abyss hearing the sounds of sasha and digweed before mainstream knew they existed. Without Simon's the world of electronic music and it's infiltration into mainstream america would never have happened.. i would have never seen keoki drop on the decks and heard ltj bukem at 6am.. Thanks for giving us a place to "feel" the music. Don't ever change You'll forever be in my heart.. I shall love you till the day i die.. say hi to the speaker hoes....
Trendy, messy and trashy!
Ah, Simon's..those were the days.  An amazing club to head to if you had any interest in electro music, particularly in the mid-90s when my generation was about everything rave.  Simon's was able to bring in the baddest and best of techno, hardcore, ambient, progressive,  drum and bass....well I may have been getting my formal education down the road at UF, but I was getting my electronic education right here.  If you weren't there for the outside talent he brought in (one of the best Sasha&Digweed sets was had here) you were dancin' like your life depended on it with one of the amazing residents.   Somehow Simon knew what was hot before everyone else and somehow he managed to get that to Gainesville.  I never did get to meet the man behind the club but if I did I would love to shake his hand and say thank you for some of my most memorable college experiences and for introducing me to new and different music. If you were ever so lucky as to head down the unmarked alley way that led down to one of the best electro-clubs in the country you know exactly what I am talking about... All the music-philes now that wax intellectual on electronic music just makes a smile come to my face...yes kids, been there, done that--thanks to Simon's.
Clearly not the amazing club it used to be. What a shame. It looks like it is run by idiots, as they actually have convinced themselves that this hellhole is the "classiest" and "dressiest" club in Gainesville, a college town run by frat boys guzzling obscene amount of Natty Light and people looking to go to Gator City (an actual fun place to go to) for ONE CENT wells. If you want classy go to a different town. I think everyone pretty much knows that and is okay with it. No one cares that you think you've given yourself some pedestal on what constitutes classy/dressy/high end/etc. Simon's is as tacky as its grand opening night. So please, for your sake, spend your money/time elsewhere. I've been very pleased with the service of other venues and I would not be writing this unless it was necessary and appropriate.
I am lucky to have been a part of Simons from '93-'95...great music, great people, great memories.... How many different women did Simon bring in every weekend?? Keoki?? Hello!!!
Bad music, bad drinks, not enjoyable.  Stayed for 10 minutes and left.
