Everything you want in a bar. Great service and people. The bartenders are very attentive and friendly. A lot of regulars here know the bartenders by name, and are loyal for the service. Also, great food. Hard to find great food at a bar. Consistently delicious, fast cooking, great portions. My favorites are the wings, grilled cheese-mac and cheese, and beer nuggets. I come here to drink and smoke and watch the games, but I come to this place just to have breakfast or lunch too. Also, take advantage of the specials- they cut the prices in half on certain items every day of the week, and for others they take the prices down by a dollar or two. The 0.40 wings are a bargain. And their $3 burgers on wednesdays are a bargain too- all with fries!! Great drinks. $2 drafts to go with my sunday night football? Awesome. Most of all, love the atmosphere. This may be a college town, but Mother's isn't your crazy, rowdy frat bar. They're open to everyone, and game days may be particularly crazy, but in general, they are just a chill sports bar. Thanks Mother's for giving me a place where I can eat, drink, and watch my favorite sports.
No. Music was too loud and was really crappy music (techno at 5 PM?). The bar was mostly filled with screeching 20-somethings. Food was overpriced and not tasty (the sweet potato fries were marginal at best). Service was horrible in that the waiters were rude AND slow. Our bucket of beer was THROWN down on our table and our food was served with no silverware. We had to ask to be given silverware twice- and by the time we got it the food was cold. Looking at other reviews this seems to be a trend and the only people who like this bar are the local college undergrads who haven't figured out what a good bar is yet and just want dollar beers. We will not be back.
True sports bar experience. Plenty of large screen and giant screen TVs to enjoy any sports event. A bit noisy, but this is normal for a sports bar that isn't intended to be a romantic getaway. The food was good; it was fresh and well prepared. Friendly and courteous wait staff make you feel at home. Overall, a good place to enjoy some good food in a sports atmosphere.
TJ, come back.  The place isn't the same without you.  You can get on the mike and blare tired music all you want.  Place sucks now and perhaps youre the only one to bring it back.
What a butt hole of a sports bar. They don't even like to play sports!!!!! Do you like ska and country music??? Lol. Me neither. But Mothers fucking loves it. Do you want diarrhea? Order the burger.
Their food is OK, but there's always going to be something better elsewhere. I typically come on mondays for their 40 cent wings. I've come for $3 burgers but honestly I wasn't impressed. Their music is eclectic and plays in sets so you might be there while something you don't like is on (for example, country, or rap, or 90's alternative.. lol). They're busy every night and they're always understaffed. What's up with that?
Good bar to watch sports in Gainesville. They have a lot of TV's, a good, large beer selection. Food is Okay - mostly greasy bar food. But, the drunker you are the better it probably tastes.
The people who work at mothers are cooler then you. The bar tenders are the high school kids that smoked outside and skipped class while the floor waitresses are sorority girls from west palm beach with BMW's. You can't win. They ARE cooler then you here.  Deal with it.
The service was terrible. The crowd was annoying. The tv's were all set to shows and none of them had games on them. We were ignored by our server, and it wasn't even busy.
I was told by a friend that this spot was really good and she certainly did not lead me wrong! I had the shepherds pie and the sweet potato fries, both were amazing!
Cheap drinks ($2 for 2 PBRs if you're into that thing). I like the green cups for margaritas. Fun place. That's pretty much the extent of my memory from my night here, so I'm assuming it was a good time, hah.
Four of us were in town to get a taste of Gainesville, and after we watched the Gators beat the Vols, we needed a place to catch our alma mater, the Longhorns, put a spanking on the Red Raiders. A bartender the night before had recommended Mother's as a cool place with plenty of TV's and good food where we could watch the game in relative peace, even if we were wearing Longhorn gear. Mother's fancies itself an Irish pub, but I didn't notice anything particularly Irish about the place: normal sports bar atmosphere, with bar-height tables and stools. But the Guinness-marinated burger I had was token representation, and the apparent UFC fixation is perhaps a nod to ancestral Hibernian pugilism. Despite the fight being shown on all available TV's, our waitress was kind enough to flag a manager down to get the UT game on one of them. The prompt service kept plenty of beers coming, as well as the aforementioned burger for me, which was big and delicious with all the fixins, and a side of sweet potato fries which were fantastic. At other places where I've gotten these, they've ended up soggy and flaccid, but at Mother's they were nice and crispy. The rest of the table got a mushroom Swiss burger, and a couple large orders of wings, all of which proved excellent. All in all, a great place to catch a game or a fight, with good service even on a busy night.
LOVE MOTHERS! And here's why: There is SPACE. If you want to go to a bar late at night and you actually want a place to SIT, go here. The music selection is also usually good, although I have heard the same tracks the past few times I've been. They will also occasionally play the gator chomp and the fight song, which is fun :) . The service is pretty good too, alot easier to get service in a crowded bar when you have a table. I love this place, and it's definitely the best sports bar in gainesville. The drink specials are awesome. Tuesdays is $2 pints on every draft they have (and yes...they have Guinness people). Can't beat $2 burgers on Wednesdays either. Also $1 miller high lifes all day everyday. Bottom line is; if you want cheap beer and you want to go somewhere you dont have to stand in someone's armpit, this place wins hands down.
I've had some pretty bad  restaurant experiences in Gainesville, and this one is  one of the worst. The food is terrible. It's not food that you would expect a restaurant to serve, even a Pub. The service was the worst part of the  experience. Nothing to write home about.
Should be 3 and a half stars. Mother's Pub is pretty good. I love monday nights in the fall here. On monday nights, they have .35 cent wings, $5 bucket of beers (5 beers), and 2-4-1 wells. All that with Monday Night Football on a bunch of Tvs make for a pretty awesome Monday night. Mothers Pub is a place to grab some drinks and have a good time with some friends. On Sundays, they have Tvs for pretty much any game but it can get packed pretty quick. The food isnt that great though and the wings have really gotten bad recently. They're over-fried and drenched in some oily sauce. The burgers are good though and the fries (both beer-battered and sweet potato) are awesome. The service can be pretty bad, but I give them the benefit of the doubt. It's probably due to the sheer volume of people that come in and out. The place gets busier around some days and after 9 pm, they have a bouncer out front. At night, they will only allow people +21 years old to get in. Overall, awesome place to grab some drinks and watch the game, but food is subpar.
I love Mothers! By far, the best deal is on Wednesdays for $3 burgs and fries. The tempeh burger is delicious! On a whim, I ordered the corndogs once--I know what you're thinking: rookie mistake. But they were fabulous and I've been craving them ever since. I come here quite often to enjoy the cheap beer and upbeat atmosphere. It's a great place to relax and drink with friends any night of the week.
Oh how the mighty have fallen. There was a time where a few of us would go to Mother's on a random night to hang out, watch some sports, talk about our upcoming raids (SSC to date this time), and enjoy some dollar drafts. Now, might as well not even try. The place gets busy by 7:30 (and by busy I mean people standing around looking for you to show the smallest hint you might be leaving your table - hovering if you will) every night, especially .35 cent wing night. Also as bad is the fact that it is bro-dude central. If you like to wear your collars popped, baseball hat wrong, or scream every opinion you have in a "BRAH I DID HER LAST NIGHT!!" type of colloquialism you might feel at home. It is understandable however why people would need to scream, the noise level is abhorrently loud. The redeeming qualities are that when you CAN get a table for an event it is fun to be there, though the service has gotten particularly slow over the years. The food is actually pretty good and I have never had a bad meal there and prices are fair. Dollar beers, cheap wings, UFC fights, and outside seating (and probably a bit of nostalgia for the good old days) save this place in my view.
This is probably the most enthusiastic three stars I can give.  I really love this place but it is definitely not everyone's cup of tea.   It's a little dark and dingy, it's a little loud and crowded.  The food is best fried. But hey, when you want to drink some cheap miller high life this is the place to go.  Have a few too many and eat some fried food. Also if you're into the more obscure sports (rugby, etc.) the owner is pretty cool about turning a tv to it for you.  They've got some mega sports plan going on. A note: I go here between the hours of 5-8PM usually.  I have heard the crowd is a very different animal after 9PM.
I give this 4 stars based purely as a sports bar. Huge tvs, cheap drinks. Place to be to watch a big (or small) game.
I went last fall for a NFL monday night fall  -  Late review posted today. Here for 35 cent wings and 50 cent taco Service decent- but long wait for wings Food is pretty decent and I ordered terayaki wings.  I also tried a new Orleans wing flavor from my friend. Cheap for it's quality. But it is a chill place to be to watch games with your friends.   It does get pack and crammed. It is very hard to find seats sometimes. However, i enjoyed the atmosphere.   I would come back to the place.
Mother's is the best bar in Gainesville... If you're a college student... Or have low standards. CHEAP drinks, decent bar food, lots of TVs, a good amount of seating and no cover. This is THE best place in town to get cheap drinks, and it's close to everything. Their specials can't be beat, from burger night to wing night, and you can always drink something for a dollar. Minus a star for their notoriously rude staff. Also, this is the only place I've ever been to where they won't let you move the chairs.
A true sports bar. Rugby, UEFA Cup, Center Ice, MLB, NFL & NCAA Packages. The Best Wings in Gainesville. $1 High Life Everyday. Each Day & Night there is a Cheap Food & Drink Special. They Never Charge a Cover. They Never Charge "Game Day" Prices It's a Neighborhood Joint, one that always is there to Welcome You Home
Best sports bar in Gainesville. TONS of televisions. The staff is always really friendly, and the drink prices are pretty decent. They always have good specials too, including dollar High Life drafts for those days when you're on Day 12 or 13 since you've been paid. I usually opt for the fancier beers, but that's just me. It can get loud and crowded, but hey, it's a bar. Deal with it or stay home and watch the game on your 19 inch TV. The crowd seems to be a mix of hipsters, college kids and old fogeys that have lived in GNV their whole lives. Nice mix, always interesting.
The best sports bar in Gainesville.  Weekend nights it turns more into a college hangout but the rest of the time it is a perfect place to watch a game. They have a great drink selection and amazing drink specials.  They also have Irish drinks to go along with it's name and Irish logo. The food was great.  We had wings and sweet potato fries and they were great.  Some of the best wings in the city.  The only knock is they don't have a lot of Irish food to go with it's theme.
Had Mother's for the first time in almost 2 years the other day. As everyone has said, the drinks are cheap and 2-4-1 happy hour. The Wisconsin burger was pretty good, but wasn't the best I've had (I'll stick to Sweet Mel's for downtown burger cravings). If I remember correctly, the shepards pie and fish n chips were pretty good, but it has been awhile. I had a pleasant young bartender, no problems with her service. The food is serviceable and with the cheap drinks, I'll give it the 4 stars because I don't want my personal bias and personality to take away from the real focus. I'll still list the cons anyway: The location sucks. If you're a student and you live in the area, I guess you're fine with it. I live in the NW and I avoid that area and the annoying kids. I only went because it wasn't too far from work. The parking sucks. The bar is way too small.
Good prices!  Especially on Wednesdays. I always enjoy this place, not to loud, good amount of crowd.  The food is general bar food, nothing to great or fancy, a little overpriced, but I definately keep going back with friends!
This is the best bar in Gainesville! Great bar food with a big menu.  Great specials every day.  Attentive staff.  Tons of TVs.  Never a cover charge.  There's a reason it gets croweded people!
My boyfriend (huge Gators fan) and I are visiting from Indianapolis for a week and wanted to spend some time on campus before watching the Colts game on a Sunday. We read reviews and came across "Mother's", which seemed to be a campus favorite. The bar was packed, but we found a table near a big screen that was actually labeled "Colts vs Cardinals". We were happy to find out we could drink some local beer for only $3 a pint. The food and service was great, but the manager (or so our waiter said) never changed the channel to the Colts game when it was time or after we asked our waiter, so we had to move tables to view it on a smaller screen. Pretty cool campus bar. If I lived in the area I would definitely return here.
Ah, Mother's how I miss frequenting your establishment on Wednesdays for the $2 burger special. Those tempeh burgers really do the trick, it's finding a table that was always a pain. You probably will have to wait for a table for at least 15 minutes but it will all be worth it!
Mother's is cheap and fun. They have great music that everyone gets into (which is awesome for people like me who love to sing and drink), and on game nights they've usually got their TVs tuned to the sport of the moment. They have standard bar food options, but I've only had the sweet potato fries (which are pretty good). The service is friendly and pretty attentive.
Make sure you get here early (on burger and wing days) because this place is always busy! Great place to watch sports and enjoy a few drinks and food. There's nothing spectacular about their dishes, but the food specials make up for it. It's a MUST to go to if you're in Gainesville.
bar food is something that i don't want to particularly pay for, and that especially goes for chicken wings. $3.50 for ten wings -- i can handle that. they're not horrible. they are crispy and not breaded, but they are also insanely greasy. the fries are good, especially when you mop up all of the grease that didn't manage to stick to the chicken with them. don't expect anyone to notice if you need anything, because they won't. this bothers a lot of my friends, but i don't mind waiting for things. in fact, scoring a table at mothers on a monday or weekend night is like taking a sword out of a stone -- hold on to that shit and never let it go. there is a huge, huge con for this place that i cannot ignore: the car bombs. i love car bombs. i am a little girl who can drink more than my share of car bombs, but unfortunately the shot glasses that they give for the drinks are small and plastic. i would say they are kind of like the cups that come to measure out nyquil. they don't sink, and at the end you are drinking pure baileys and jameson cheese curds. this is such a shame. it was one of my worst drinking experiences, and i couldn't drink for the rest of the night. i was so scarred. i even just shuddered a little now. there are more cons -- those being each collar-popping, sandal-wearing, axe pomade-using bro that is beckoned to the place. they come in droves for the pails of beer, and my self-esteem starts to dwindle after being in that company for an extended period of time. if you're a woman who is even moderately good looking: good luck in the lion pit. but... cheap wings or something!
THE BEST SPORTS BAR IN TOWN. It's locally owned, not a chain, so that is even better. Go here if you want to watch the game somewhere that is NOT megahuge and somewhere that the food is decent and reasonably priced. The wings are good! There are a ton of TVs that you can sit close to, and if your program is not on, they will usually change the TV to make sure that you can see it. This is also one of the only bars in town that shows RUGBY and other international sports, like Soccer, on TV. If you have any issues one of the owners is almost always there and they will make sure you get taken care of.
Their tacos give you the shits and the staff from at least my experiences are not very friendly or knowledgeable.
Mother's has a decent selection of beer on tap (slightly better than your average bar) and the food is okay. The service, however, is one of the poorest in town. I guess they assume anyone who walks through the door is a college student who likes to be treated badly. For one, I am not a student anymore. I was one not long ago, and I believe students, just like any other paying customers, should be treated with courtesy and respect. The servers who have helped us have been abysmal and are lacking serious basic customer service training. I am taking my money to Stubbies or The Midnight. These places might be more expensive but at least they treat you like a paying customer. At Mother's you get what you pay for and if what you're paying for is $1 beer or shots, then expect cheap and mediocre service.
It's a good place to watch sports; otherwise I wouldn't want to hang out here. There are a lot of TVs and the drinks aren't expensive. It's crowded and kind of dirty, but some people are really into that kind of thing. I had friends that would INSIST on going to Mother's all the time. P.S. They had a beer-pong tournament going for a few weeks last year which was a lot of fun. Of course it got canceled, though.
The Build-a-Burger was decent, but fell apart.  Mother's always has the cheapest beer, and I go for quantity.   It was actually not too hectic on Sunday gameday.  It doesn't have the relaxed, non-crowded atmosphere of Gator City, but you're a little less likely to get tetanus as well.  There was a smelly, annoying guy in a Cowboy's jersey bothering everyone.  I wish they'd have kicked him out.
Service slow and unpleasant. Servers didnt know the menu. Boring food. Skip this place.
Great fish and chips. Service was good. Friendly place. Lots of tv screens for watching different games.
The alcohol is so cheap and everyone there is pretty cool!
Mother's had an awesome special Fest weekend! $1 High Life's couldn't have been better to get my Saturday rolling! The food was delicious, the waitresses were extremely nice, plenty of seating, and if you're into college football it looks like it's the place to be.
Okay, so we found this place doing a Yelp search for chicken wings. My wife ordered a 10 piece hot and I ordered the grilled chicken salad. When the food came my wife's wings were not fully cooked and my salad had a good cup of water in the bottom of the bowl. The salad was just iceberg lettuce with some chopped carrots and what was about half of a small chicken breast. I noticed the water when I added oil and vinegar and went to toss the salad. I actually poured this liquid out of the bowl and onto a plate. When I told the waitress she offered to replace my wife's wings but not my salad. She said that they just didn't drain the water after it was washed... As if this was normal. She brought the reheating wings back out and took my plate away. I only ate the breast meat. The waitress never asked if I'd like something else or offered to discount the item. Needles to say we won't be going back.
I love this place! It's my "go to", the bartenders are all awesome, you can either socialize or be left alone, it's a great time either way! They also have Well's Banana Bread Beer which is so awesome!
Cheap booze...visited once for a rugby social and a NFL Sunday. Both times a great experience. Allowed two teams of stinky, boisterous ruggers to sing, drink, eat in typical fashion without any complaint. Staff was great. Good TVs, could of used better location for Bucs game, but who cares about the Bucs so I understand. Not much for atmosphere, but I don't need great atmosphere on gameday or football watching.
This really isn't my kind of place... I don't drink, I don't like sports, and I don't like a bunch of loud people shouting at televisions. This place is often filled with all of those factors. Regardless, the food is good. The service was meh. I would like to go back during the summer when everyone has gone home and there's no sports to shout at. Ordering to-go is probably going to happen before that though.
Great specials!
Best sports bar ever! My husband and I just happened upon Mother's while walking around Gainesville looking for a sports bar to watch a recent Giants game. Everyone working there was great and the bar food was really good. We sat up in the upper bar area and had a great vantage point to watch the game on 2 giant screens as well as a Yankee game on other screens. Atmosphere was relaxed and fun! Next time we're in Gainesville, we will definately go back.
Sliders are awesome!
Great beer selection, and even if you're feeling cheap, there's a beer for you! Come on Wednesdays, and it's 2-dollar burger night (with fries). It's the cheapest meal in town, and they're actually quite good. I think they have $1 tall boy lagers, too, which are a great deal. Even then, on any other day, I think a pint of Yuengling is 2 bucks or so, and there's more than enough TVs to host any game you're interested in watching.
Fun place for college students and locals. Good place to grab a beer and hang out- good place for St. Patrick's day. Usually good service.
Great food & drinks menu, lively atmosphere, very cool staff! Crowded almost nightly, and seems to be the go-to hangout for students & locals alike. It's a no-bullshit, chilled, fun place to hang out with friends.
Simply amazing fish n chips! Hand battered and seasoned filet. This is what pub food should be. Although, i hear they are changing it to a more traditional beer batter soon, and one off the employees assured me that it will be BETTER than the fish I had. Can't wait to go back and try it.  Great beer selection, too.
