There's a reason why the imagery of the Great Gatsby era never gets old. It might be some historical fantasy, but I'm the first to admit that it works. Speakeasy is a fine, fine bar with interesting scenery. You walk in a tiny hole in the wall, only to find a classy, inviting den. The ambiance is dark and artisanal, scattered with chandeliers emitting red light. Photos of pinup girls and classic movie couples (re: Scarlett and Rhett) line the walls. There is ample space for seating, and I chose to sit at the beautifully stocked bar. My boyfriend ordered an Old Fashioned, and I requested a mojito, extra minty. Both of our drinks were visually and palatably fabulous. Great place for an intimate, fancy drink.
Most welcoming lounge I've been to. Super classy and the DJ absolutely set the right mood with her great set. The drinks were fantastic and the bartenders were great. Overall, the best place I went to during my stay in Gainesville!
Fantastic place: absolutely great atmosphere (imagine a place where high rollers in the 1930's would go, a little dark, very cozy, light music, good people.) The drinks are also super tasty and the service is great. Loved the experience.
I've been itching myself to write a review for this place.... not in a good way. Sorry excuse for a Speakeasy. We actually heard about this place form a bartender who was absolutely awesome at another bar. We left there in a great mood and headed down to this place. There was a crowd, which I look for when I am going out. Door man had a wicked sense of humor. Still in a good mood, I headed in.  It was pretty eclectic - young, old, black, white, hipster, student, and other unrecognizables and catagorizables.  Low lighting, 1900s furniture, good music... still looking ok.  Not quite a speakeasy since you have a doorman, and a sign... but no worries. This isn't PDT. Went to the bar and was greeted by the most unfriendly bald headed man.  He questioned us very abruptly about "what we wanted." Bar wasn't that packed buddy. Keep your steroids on check. My friend being friendly asked him to create something for us,  and told him that she likes Irish Whiskey, and I like rye. He said she would have to be more specific, so she told him she usually drinks whiskey and ginger, I said I didn't like anything sweet. He rolled his eyes and started to make the drinks. HE MADE MY FRIEND A WHISKEY AND GINGER. I got a badly made extremely sweet Sazerac. Sometimes service makes the place. This time, it ruined it. Never again.
Loved the vibe here -- hip hop DJ playing as I enjoyed my hot drink (Ed o'neill?) which was a delicious cinnamon toast crunch infused bourbon with something apple-y and I don't know, you'll have to ask the bartender or look at the menu. Total hand-crafted cocktail experience, with enough of a beer selection to satisfy your buddies.
Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Gainesville anymore. The second I walked into Speakeasy, I knew I'd love the place. Decor takes you to the Prohibition era but the crazy colorful lighting gives the room a South Beach feel. Cool music, really nice bartenders and a $30 bottle of champagne. If only this kind of place actually existed in South Beach.
I'm not at all surprised this place has so many 5 star reviews. A friend of mine brought me here on a Wednesday night when I had to work the next day so I wasnt crazy about even going. I was immediately impressed as soon as I walked in. An old remix of an Eiffel 65 song was on and there was this laser light effect across the whole bar. This affect stayed like that the duration of the night. I have been to a lot of bars in a lot of places but this laser lighting gave it such a groovy feel. There were a few gays there but it was mostly straight and that was fine by me. The music was EXCELLENT. I get so tired of women screaming in these diva songs at gay clubs. I like Lady Gaga too, but geese, lets try something new. Could have been the DJ that night which was a dorky looking white boy with glasses. Props to him and his music sleection. I found mysekf wanting to dance all night. The bartender that night was actually the owner I weas told and he had a helper that was cute and very attentive. There were many drink specials but the beer selection was awful. I am assuming its a tactic to get people to drink cocktails. There was a jar of strawberries in liquor on the counter and I asked about them and got 3 for $1. They were like taking a shot. He made martinis with the liquor from the jar too that smelled great. I also had a new drink after telling the bartender/owner I liked Jim Beam; a Kentucky Tea. It was excellent and VERY strong. Needless to say I closed it down and the next day at work was total hell. I had a blast though. By all means give this place a try. I dont hand out 5 star reviews easily.
Absolutely love this place! I have been going there since about 2003 and have had many great nights there. I even met my husband there! The atmosphere is very chill and the music is always good. It definitely makes you feel as though you are in a true speakeasy with the lighting and small amount of space. The bartenders are always welcoming and cool and that is especially the case if the owner/bartender, Danny is working. ps. their strawberry martini's are amazing! for that matter all of their martini's are.
I was introduced to Speakeasy by a friend this Thursday and must say I was impressed. The tone and atmosphere is perfect for the type of small, intimate, bar that Speakeasy has taken it upon itself to be and while quite tiny inside, there is still ample room in general to move around. The bartenders are very outgoing and friendly despite the frenzy of orders they are getting and my rum and coke was perhaps the best I'd ever had (simple a drink as it should be, the right balance of rum and coke can seem to be tricky to some bartenders!)  to say nothing of the more ornate house cocktails I tried later. Comfy sofas and a fish tank plus numerous interesting lamps complete the atmosphere.
This is such a cool place! Moodlighting and authentic speakeasy feel will start your night off right! If you're looking for a unique, chill place to hang out, you've found it! I got to experience rhubarb for the first time (in a drink no less) ! All the infused vodkas were right on point! They host fabulous charity events! Everyone had a great time at a Great Gatsby themed party for Phoenix Animal Rescue! TJ and his staff know what they're doing! Awesome place!
2nd Street Speakeasy is one of the most relaxing places I have been to in Gainesville. The vibe is perfect and the people are great. The music selection always on point for the kind of atmosphere they are trying to provide and all the employees are super nice. The combination of the lighting, people, and music makes this an easy 5 stars. Will come frequently!
I've been frequenting Speakeasy for 13 years now. If that doesn't tell you enough, I don't know what else to say. The vibe is fantastic and  the music always sets the mood for a great time whether it's a night of dancing or a night of socializing. Plenty of seats and standing room. The staff is so friendly that I've made some life long friends there. But the most important part... the part anyone goes to a speakeasy for.... the drinks. The bar staff is oh so knowledgeable. The ingredients are fresh. When they say "handcrafted cocktails," that's exactly what you're getting. Excellent liquor selection. Don't like liquor? Have a beer... They have selections that make the back home domestic boys happy and selections that make the hip craft beer scene drinkers happy. Don't like beer? Choose from a varied selection of red or white wines or a bubbly. I attend Speakeasy whether it's a typical night out on the town for me or a celebration for a birthday, graduation, or New Years. Highly recommended. Favorite drink? I recommend the Bees Knees. :) Enjoy!
Really neat little place.  I loved their Great Gatsby-themed fundraiser cocktail party :)
The speakeasy came at a time when the bars closed at 2am and the city shut down.. As the DEA and the FEDs cracked down on the city.. it was only the members only speakeasy with it's special members only card and key combination with doorman did the old days of g-ville.. continue. Thanks for being real and keeping it real.  I heart Speakeasy...
Great vibe and excellent cocktails by an excellent bartender, TJ  Palmieri.  If you appreciate outstanding handcrafted cocktails, you will love this place. My son and I are wannabe mixologists (I know, trite and hackneyed term, but it is what it is).  He goes to law school here and found this place. Next time I was up visiting, he brought me right over. TJ asked what spirit I was in the mood for and offered to make me something "off the menu." I took him up on his offer and ended up with a couple of outstanding cocktails.  Did not expect to find a place like this in G'ville.  The decor and setting are cool, acceptably-faux speakeasy. One reviewer noted that this isn't PDT. He's right.  I enjoyed the cocktails here more than at PDT, and I didn't have to walk through a telephone booth to get in the bar. This will become a regular stop every time I'm in town to visit my son.  If you're serious about your cocktails, this place is heads and shoulders above any other place I've been to in town. On the other hand, if you're looking for pitcher-specials or Jaegermeister shots (not that there's anything wrong with that; there's a time and place for everything) you'll be glad to know there are lots of choices within walking distance in this college town.  But this is not one of them--thankfully.
You have to be a certain type of person to like this place. The bar is doing a half-assed job at hyperreality: fake candles, comical window shades of an nyc skyline, velvet couches, and snobby bartenders. This isnt a place to drink beer and you'll probably see one person dancing to loud 90's techno by a depressingly serious dj. However, the people who frequent the bar seem genuine and nice (!), itching for a big city vibe in a culturally-confused college-town. If youre half-way attractive someone will buy you drink and give you enough time to leave before actually having to talk to them. My roomate and i were bought " fancy " tequila after i paid a questionable amount for a bottled stella. So the tab was fair. Although, the bartender was a total dick about the ~quality~ of it... Needless to say we ducked out immediately after finishing. Good place to people watch!
Speakeasy is the best bar in the world. Hands down. Period. Order the Tiger-tini is you want something chocolatey. Order the Speakeasy if you want something fruity. Love you, Danny.
I'm all for their strawberry martinis here, made from strawberry-distiled vodka that took them who knows how long to make.  Plus if you order one they give you one of the strawberries for your drinking pleasure.  I don't remember a time when I had these wonderful drinks and left straight-minded.   With the exception of a few, the bar staff is very competent and very good in making good, strong drinks (if they don't know how to make it well, they won't make it for you).  Not only are their martinis wonderful but the scence is ambient and intimate with great lounge music to set the mood.
This bar has an "adult" big city feel which is an unusual find in a college town. Drinks are served in glasses. The music is always an eclectic mix of underground music. The couches and chairs offer a cozy substitute to the usual wooden bar chairs found at most bars.
So this was my first time to Speakeasy and it was a cool little place (be careful when you're looking for it because it is literally a hole in the wall, if you walk too fast, you could walk right by it).  The interior is very dim and they have couches for you to sit on and a fairly well proportioned bar area.  The drinks are good, and this small space really does get busy.  They also had a DJ when I was there (Saturday night) and it was overall a really good place to chill with friends.
Quality drinks, quality bartenders, quality music, quality place. A bartender named Matthew really knows what he's doing. Ask him about the drinks and he'll give you detailed answers.
Great ambience. Try the strawberry martini from the strawberries that they ferment (?, if that's what the process is called) for 6 weeks or so. SO GOOD.
I'd write two reviews and give two 5 star reviews to equal 10 stars - because Speaks is that awesome! If you want to get away from drunk college idiots (except Thursdays next door at Spankk), come here. IT's a more affluent crowd and very comfortable. I won't go on and on - because I could. This place is awesome.
Yes, I'm definitely a fan.  My one and only recommendation that would make this place earn a fifth star is the volume control.  I hear there are some issues with the boom-boom room (currently Spank) next door, so the DJ has to turn it up, but it turns an otherwise very intimate ambience into a shouting match in close proximity.   I was impressed by how clean the place appeared, even in the dim lighting.  Goes to show that turning down the lights alone doesn't make a place appear less dingy (take note, gross Atlantic!)  The music, although loud, was very good.  The service at the bar was very attentive and friendly and the final products (mine a martini) were A+.   This place has quickly made it to my faves list.  Keep it up, Speakeasy!  Gainesville needs places like this.
My favorite place in Gainesville.  The people are great and the music is always spot on.
Great lounge/bar in a small space.  The owner, Danny, tends bar is a really friendly guy.  He makes great drinks with another bar tender.  At least on Saturdays, they have a dressy crowd.  It's a young crowd, but then it's Gainesville.  It's my idea of a great bar.  I am a martini guy and he did a great job with mine-- a full pour and it was well done.
The guy that works the door is a jerk. He uses the position as a power trip. He works at the gym and is an asshole there as is at the door.  he puts people that are taller than him down and are completely disrespectful. i have tried this place a couple of times hoping for a change. No!!!!!!!!!  They use their positions as retaliation in some sort. For being Taller, Prettier, Whatever. Don,t go there loud, headache, drama, pricey drinks. Not worth it. Much better in the old days. Needs to close and save some face. Lets just say I came home to write a review on a saturday night about him means its crap!!!!!!!!!!!
best "bar"/lounge place in gainesville!  i dont go there enough, but i love it!
