If you are looking for a  great place to hang out and enjoy a few frames of bowling, Splitz is the place for you.   We reserved a lane behind the bar at their "VIP" section to try and make the night a little more special.  It was really great  - there are only 4  lanes there, so it's really private.  You have a big screen tv to watch some sports, and some music to complete the atmosphere.   We ordered some bar food from the bar, and it was reasonable.  We got a pitcher of beer which had absolutely no carbonation, so we asked for a replacement and the waitress was very very polite and gave us a second pitcher (after they fixed the problem).    The private area has comfortable seating, and is a  great place to hang out if you are not a serious bowling enthusiasts.  Everyone that worked there was VERY polite (quite a change from the grungy bowling establishments up north).   There isn't really a waitress that comes around to take orders, though - you have to go to the bar to do it.  There's a nice little arcade there too, so when you're done drinking and bowling, you can head off for an intense air hockey match.   All-in-all, great job Splitz! But please, fix the issue with your flat beer.
Wow, what a night at Splitz! My husband's co-worker got his office together for a night of karaoke. We had a great table and there was a lot of room for all of us. That's awesome because at other places karaoke seems to be an afterthought where everybody is shoved into a small section. This makes it hard for large groups to get together and enjoy a night of "singing". The server we had was terrific. She was friendly and super nice. She seemed to be the only one on the floor. If so, she handled it totally with grace. As a bar area, I think Splitz is pretty awesome. As a bowling alley, also awesome - nothing like cosmic bowling under black light! And as far as bowling alleys go it was super clean and nice and new. Looks like a place where anybody - families, groups, etc. - could go and have a good time together. So why three stars? 1. Most of the music was country ballads. Of course, this is totally due to the patrons, not the DJ (DJ Debbie was fun and lively and has a great voice). But when we didn't sing country there seemed to be less audience participation. For me, karaoke is all about getting the crowds laughing, singing along, and dancing. Maybe if I had done a little Shania Karaoke things would have been okay. But my version of Pink's "Don't let me get me" and Rocky Horror Picture Show's "The Time Warp" seemed to fly over most of the patrons' heads. However, I was not alone. Our whole table felt we weren't in the right place. 2. There were kids in there - restaurant/bar/karaoke area. One little girl sang a few songs while her parents drank some beer. Another young girl was there with her family - although I don't know if they were drinking, we didn't stay too long after that. Karaoke at a bar in a bowling alley after 9 p.m. just isn't a place for kids. Especially when there are drunk guys around barely able to stand up and offering to buy anybody and everybody drinks. Also there was a lot of making out, heavy making out, in the same area. Booze and people and karaoke, how does this make one want to get it on? Do little kids, and I mean like 5th grade, really need to see all this? 3. The last reason I give Splitz a three is for the couple in the parking lot, a space up against the building, who were in their car and doing some intimate things. Well, she was doing intimate things to him. In plain sight of everybody (he looked quite bored really). I don't have kids, but Splitz would not be a place I would allow them to go after 9 p.m. I mean, really? A BJ in the parking lot? Kids in the bar area singing karaoke? I know that the little girl probably had no idea what she was singing (Carrie Underwood's "Before He Cheats"), but mom and dad and gramma sure did. But this isn't a review about them, this is a review about Splitz. To sum up: As far as karaoke goes, this is an okay place. If you like country ballads - go for it. You will love it! If you like more mainstream and nostalgia, go somewhere else. Like most karaoke joints it was loud but there was limited space to work the crowd. The crowd wasn't really into participating in anything but country. Or raunchy hip hop songs. Which seems like a weird combination. Be ready to see children singing and watching their parents drink and then get up as a family and leave (maybe gramma wasn't drinking, let's hope). Be ready for some real PDA, including some body-parts-hanging-out-for-the-world-to-see PDA. I could have really done without the image of a drunk chick giving a BJ to a drunk guy in their car (yeah, I'm talking to you, Mr. Two Door Red I Wish My Car Was Sporty But This Will Have To Do.) Splitz at your own risk!
A good time all the time Ive been here twice and enjoyed myself both times. Its definitely best when in larger groups. Myself and about 10 others all went to do a little bowling. Our first time there we didn't know what to expect. The building itself is brand new, within the last year or so. A bit confusing at first though- I'll tell you why. There are three different kind of lanes you can choose from. --a regular lane  a middle class lane and a VIP lane.... the regular lane isn't anything special the middle class lane is more secluded and the lights are dimmed and instead of those uncomfortable chairs there are couches This area also cost a bit more to bowl in, The VIP area is located behind the bar. its only two lanes and is really expensive. While bowling in any of these lanes there is a girl that will come take drink and food orders and deliver it to your lane. The food is not terrible, When I was there we ordered a pizza and it was actually pretty good. Call my a dork but they also have laser tag which is pretty fun.. Like i said I went with about 10 people all of which were my age or older and we played a game. Games seem like they last forever. Splitz also has a large fully stocked bar which is pretty big,  The prices are pretty steep though What I gathered from this place is that it is not geared toward the people who want to come have a serious game. Its more for the younger crowd who just want a place to have a good time. Bottom line-- I like this place and will go again. You can bowl, drink, play laser tag, or just hang out.  If everybody splitz the cost its not to expensive either. Give it a shot one Friday night and I guarantee you will like it.
Splitz is a great place to go for a bowling match between a large group or just a couple. It's a more upper scale bowling alley in Gainesville. I had never had any problems with the place up until my last visit. We walked in a group of 4 on a Sunday evening (around 8pm) for the unlimited bowling, to find out there was a wait list because all the lanes were full. We put our names on the list and headed over to play a round of pool. During our game we noticed empty lanes that had not been filled. I went over to the desk and asked what was up. The receptionist then filled the 3 lanes and said we were next on the list. About 20 minutes later I noticed another empty lane. I again went to the counter to have to tell her our lane was available. Basically doing her job myself.. Also, while at the counter I glanced over at the kitchen which is open. I was thinking about ordering some food until I saw the cook not using any gloves on anything.. yuck
This review is for their quartermania on monday nights Probably not as cheap as alley gators, but it's much nicer. The cover charge is $10 and this includes shoe rental. After that games are 25 cents, as well as wings, hot dogs, and fries. They say beer is too, but its not really that worth it. Natty Light in very tiny cups = you better not charge me more than a quarter. The alley itself is very nice and almost brand new; they have TV's for sports watching and they turn the black light on for quartermaina. Music is VERY hit or miss; I went here once and it was all 80's rock which was awesome for me since I LOVE 80's rock. Then one night it was all over the place (techno, weird 90's songs, etc). Still a good time all around and pretty decent price. You can pretty much bowl all you want, get food, and a pitcher of beer for under $20.
Maybe it's not the best situation to review a business... It was my mother's birthday... We had a group of about 10 people... And it was Super Bowl Sunday. We had reservations. We got there early in the afternoon. There was one other group of people bowling. They left shortly after we got there. We sat in the "lounge" area with couches and a sort of glow in the dark bowling area. They changed the music to fit the crowd, which was nice... I know the "old" people enjoyed being able to listen to some Golden Oldies... But they forgot to take into account Hearing Aids need to have music turned down so as not to drown out all other sounds. Forgivable, since they probably don't deal with the issue often. What was the unforgivable part? For about an hour, we were the ONLY people in the bowling alley. And more times than I can count on one hand, I had to go in search of our "waitress" to place an order. When there are no customers there is no excuse for bad service!! NONE! Other than that, we had a great time watching the 'old' people bowl!
A nice place to spend a girls night out or to hang with a group of friends. When I went, we went directly to the bar so I cannot tell you how the bowling is. The bar was nice and the food was decent, however, the potstickers could have been a little less greasy. Drinks were fine but then again I stuck to beer. The karaoke was the most eventful part of the night, as hidden talents were finally shined through. If I ever make a trip to Gainesville again (which I highly doubt), I would for sure make a stop here.
Nice place.  Doesn't smell like smoke.  If you like bowling, this is a pretty cool place I'd bet. Oh yeah, they have an okay bar... slightly pricey though.
Super clean and good food.  Prices a little high, but worth it.
