Oh...back in the day. I was practically club furniture here. Ive drunk, puked, danced, done drag, watched drag, made out with boys, walked in fashion shows in this place since I was 17. It really is a home away from home for so many. Oh how I miss thee.
Lady Pearl.. Are you calling my name.. Lady Pearl, Thursday night drag show.. I remember when you pulled me up on stage for my 21st (my reall, therefore 2nd) birthday... told me how much you loved my boyfriend, asked me about his secret spots and tossed up my skirt like it was blowing in the wind. you're divine.. i hope you're still showing all the little boys the ways of the world.. You made my day, you made my year. Thanks University Club for always rocking and keeping the dance floor bumping..
This is a fairly average small college town gay bar.  Its usually busy and crowded on Thursday nights.  The drag shows are fun with dancing in between the drag sets.  There are probably an equal number of straight girls to gay guys.  Not sure why that is, but I cannot believe the number of straight girls that frequent this bar.  (Get a life, please?) Drinks are reasonably priced and people are friendly.  Mostly locals up on the small 3rd floor with the pool tables.  I've seen minors with drinks and those who give minors drinks be thrown out of the bar.  I'd suggest not engaging in that type of activity.  Its a quick way out of the bar. A tip:  You have to enter through the door from the alley (up the wooden stairs on the back of the building).  Don't try to come in the front door off of university avenue.  That door is locked and you'll feel like a moron. Give the UC a shot.  Not the best gay bar on the planet, but an inexpensive, fun time in the conservative central Florida region.
This place has been here forever!  The cover charge was really cheap to get in, if there was even a cover charge at all.  The location is great, and all of the employees were really nice and treated you with respect.  There are male and female bouncers to keep the drunks in line.  The only dance floor is on the bottom floor, and the space is really small.  It can get crowded here really fast.  Sometimes I would end up here 2-3 nights a week for; drag night, 80's night, or just a random night.  There were always drinks specials and a cooler of water at the end of the bar for those who are thirsty.  All age groups are represented here, even my Mom and family friends have frequented UC.  If you live in Gainesville, you have to go there at least once  to say you have been.
Even as a little straight girl I was readily accepted and loved. This place rocks because of the people that make it happen. Untz Untz Untz Untz!!!
I am a tad bit surprised that UC has such rave reviews, really. Perhaps five years ago UC was better (in fact, I know it was) but now I feel like the music has drifted away from gay-oriented dance and towards the same banal hip-hop and pop remixes every other club plays. Where is the Deborah Cox, where are the Moto Blanco remixes of things like "Love Today"? There is SUCH good dance music out there beyond Brit, Beyoncé, et al . . . go to a club in Miami or even Pulse in Orlando and you'll hear great music you just won't very often at UC. Also, there's hardly any room to dance on a busy night: the dance floor is waaaaay too small, in fact, the physical space UC is in is half their problem: it's too small for what's going on here and not very attractive either. They need a larger, fresher, venue. Lady Pearl and the drag show is hit or miss: some of the talent is actually pretty good but I've seen far better elsewhere and I know enough drag queens in the region to think we should get better talent from Jax, Orlando, and so forth than the ones we get here. Lady Pearl CAN be funny though at least. When I lived in Savannah, Georgia, I got to see some very good drag and we could learn something from them, though in fairness Savannah has become a regional center for drag so it's expected they have a high level going on up there. I've had some very fun times at UC, but for a college town this size we need a better gay club. I appreciate the fact we have one at all, sure, but it could be much better. I went to Ascension last night (goth/industrial night at the Attic) and it was more fun by far than UC . . . different scene, yeah, but really . . . people are praising UC based on its past, it needs to focus more on its present and future. Sure, I've made out with boys here, met people here, have fond memories, but many times my boyfriend and I will drive to Orlando to go clubbing now just because the options are much better there.
The UC is a Gainesville mainstay. For a while I was the resident DJ for the Tuesday night TWITCH, but with graduation approaching, I'm now just an occasional attendee. Drinks rock, especially with Elaine behind the bar, Chastity adds a lot o color to the door and when its open, the top floor provides a great place to chat. You'll see a colorful and varied crowd depending on the night. I even got pix of my girlfriend with the mayor one night. Joey does a great job Thursday, Friday and Saturday with house and pop hits. Given the size of the place, it doesn't take much to ramp the party up. The decor is '1980s' but not in a retro way - it just hasn't changed. I'm not sure any of the drag performers have either. Very fun place.
