I found this place from my SkyMiles dining, which had a 4 star rating, but I should have went with the yelp rating - always more accurate. It really is a 3 (maybe a 3.5). The food was good, but nothing stood out as amazing. The goat cheese dates were probably my favorite. It's a mix between a tapas restaurant and regular dining. We also experienced some of the service issues as other people reported. Even though it was dead, it was almost like they coudln't get rid of us fast enough. The ambiance is nice and very trendy, plus outdoor seating. Also, look at their website for the most recent hours. Yelp and SkyMiles both had it wrong.
Overpriced cover and drinks for a poor alcohol selection and amateur bartenders. Relies on a pretty interior and employing pretty, unskilled people.
I gave this place 3 stars because although the food was good, the service was not up to par. When we sat down, we were informed that they were out of two of their Sunday brunch dishes, which was fine (it was nice to know ahead of time). After we ordered and our food was about to come out, I was informed that pesto was not available and that was one of the things I asked for in my omelet. This perturbed me as pesto was the main reason I ordered what I ordered and was not able to change it because I was told after the food was already made. This place has good food and overall I had a good experience, but that is not acceptable to tell a customer something is not available after the food is made and being served.
Came here for a graduation dinner. They were able to accommodate for a 14 person party easily. The lounge is very well engineered and decorated with a more private room and bar in the back. The ambiance is romantic, classy and modern. The menu options are actually interesting. Lamb, duck, seafood, and steak are all the high class options. My favorite was the coconut lamb. Seafood pasta had huge scallops and the steak was absolutely delicious. I liked how they split up the menu into different sizes. You have the option of sharing small plates and having one huge entree to yourself. The only complaint is that the steak and lamb were over cooked but we did have a large party.
I have as many mixed feelings about this place as I do about it's sister at midtown, minus the deep seeded hatred of the people there and the joyous love I feel every Sunday Funday. It's a good place to pregame on Tuesday's because there's no cover in the beginning of the night and they serve free drinks from 10pm-11pm.  Seriously, tip the bartenders. Their jobs suck and if you tip they'll give you a nice long pour. Anyway, the guy who DJs these "Techno Tuesdays" owns Spannk and is a founder of Neon Liger, so you won't be listening to whatever horrible crap they usually play at places like Sharab on a Thursday.  However, you should probably leave after 11. Unless you like watching 19-year-olds in ill-fitting Forever 21 dresses vomit on the dance floor. Then by all means stay. Can't comment on the food as I've only had brunch there, which left much to be desired. The food wasn't wasn't terrible, but the quality and portions definitely were not worth the price. The only reason you should ever stumble there on a Sunday morning is for the all-you-can drink $15 mimosa pitchers, which are boss. Actually all their brunch drinks are surprisingly good.
Wow, yelpers, don't be fooled. Have you noticed these OHNOs? (orange heads, no other reviews) They're obviously fake. Cantina/Downtown, shame on you. You can look through my profile and it will attest to the fact that 1) I'm a real person with other reviews and friends 2) I give bad, good and normal ratings. These business practices are sketchy and sad. Cantina's/Downtowns food sucks 6 out of 7 days. I've never had good service here (I've eaten here atleast half a dozen times) Their drinks are watered down, but better than their food. They have a tweetboard which they control (so only the good tweets get on...which they probably write themselves) The managers/owners are self pompous asses, and that is a compliment so as not to offend them. Drink elsewhere. Eat elsewhere. For those of you who have lived here long enough, you know that this spot has seen lots of businesses come and go. They survive based on their great location, but they cannot survive with their bullshit  tactics, ditzy waitresses and shitty food very much longer.
Priced very high-end for food that ranges between ok and poor. I had probably the worst filet I've ever had there, it was mealy and bland. The other appetizers and entrees were fine, but nowhere near what you'd expect for the price point. Everything is expensive there, even the obligatory chicken breast. That's fine if you are delivering something exceptional, but they are not. I was dying inside, knowing how much better my steak would have been next door at Mark's. I'm not considering the atmosphere in the rating, since that's a matter of preference. But it's definitely aiming for a trendy, young-professional-after-work sort of crowd. They clearly invested a lot in the decor; you can question the results, but at least here they are trying. Finally, the service...they were decent and polite, but clearly overmatched and not able to answer simple questions about the dishes or drink availability. Again, just not the sort of thing I'd expect at this price.
This is a tough review because there are way too many aspects to giving this place a rating. I'll start with the food and drinks. The food is decent. 101 Downtown tries to be fine dining but falls a little too short. On your birthday you get a free meal of your choice, so check plus there. The food ranges from palatable (the steaks) to really impressive (any of their fish dishes). The sweet potato fries are a must have. 101 Downtown also features one of my favorite Sunday morning brunches. They have all you can drink mimosas, screwdrivers, and Bloody Mary's, which is never a bad idea. The prices are also much more in line with the quality of the food during this time and I highly suggest the shrimp and lobster crepes. Also the sweet potato fries, that's a breakfast food right? Now onto the 101 Downtown's evil schizophrenic other side: the nightlife. Some time around 9pm all the employees start moving the tables and transform the hip modern restaurant into a late night twerker's paradise. Frankly, it's not my scene and has gone downhill since I was a naive freshman, but to each their own. The complimentary valet parking is nice due to the lack of free parking in the area. If i could I would give the restaurant 3.8 stars but I'll give them the benefit of rounding. The bathrooms are nice too
I got the blackened mahi mahi sandwich with a side caesar salad.  First off, the fish was tiny, maybe only 2 oz. I was with a group of people, and when I got it we actually laughed at how ridiculous it was. It was overcooked and didn't really have flavor. I felt like I was eating bread (well I guess I was since that was the majority of the sandwich..). The waitress forgot about the salad until I reminded her about halfway through my meal. It was ordinary, most likely just bottled dressing with a few croutons on a little plate of romaine. The interior is nice and there's a good atmosphere, but nothing mind blowing. Eh, go someplace else. There's too many other good places in Gainesville to waste your money on this one.
More like 3.5 (where are those half-stars, Yelp?).  I agree that the decor seems to be the brainchild of an Art Institute Interior Design major--that is, "trying" to look modern and sexy.  (There's a full wicker cabana just ... sitting ... in the dining room.  W.T.H.)  But the food is actually pretty good.   I really wanted to try the ceviche, but after realizing that none of my dinner guests would eat it with me, we ended up ordering Lobster Mac & Cheese as a starter.  It's completely overpriced at $12 for a small rectangle, but the Kobe Blues burger is a steal at $14.  The Kobe and filet mixture literally melts away in your mouth before you even get the chance to chew.   Our guests had Plum Glazed Pork Chops and Stuffed Lobster, both of which I thought were well seasoned and nicely cooked, and everyone at the table enjoyed bites of my Orange Duck.   The pesto mashed potatoes are insanely good. I don't think I'd eat here often, but it seems like a good place to take an adventurous diner with deep pockets.  Like Dragonfly, the look is young and upscale, so dress accordingly.
This review is based only on their Sunday brunch.  My fiance and I were strolling around downtown last weekend, enjoying the cool cloudless weather when we noticed their sign for Sunday brunch and decided to stop in.  "Unlimited mimosas" just isn't something I can pass up, and at $15 it seemed pretty reasonably priced.   I ordered the Greek omelet which was large, fluffy, and loaded with feta, olives, spinach, and tomatoes.  Now, ordinarily, when you order an egg-based breakfast dish it comes with potatoes or bread or bacon (or some combination).  Here an omelet is just an omelet, but it was so filling and delicious that I ended up not missing the sides.  My fiance had breakfast tacos stuffed with scrambled eggs, cheese, sausage, and their very tasty, lightly crispy home fries.  Our attentive waitress kept up with the mimosas and coffee refills so there was never a time when we were sitting there with empty glasses. Overall, I was very impressed with the food and service at brunch, and with most things on the menu in the $10 range, the prices are reasonable.  This was my second time at 101; I had dinner there awhile ago and decided I never needed to go back (the food wasn't anything special, but I didn't really comment on it in my previous review because this struck me as a place people go to see and be seen, rather than to have a good meal).  Now I'm thinking they deserve another chance.
We popped in on a week night for a fun get-together dinner for four. Arriving at 6pm, the valet dude was nowhere to be found so we self-parked. The restaurant was almost empty, as we were clearly too early or on the wrong day for the crowd. The sound system was pumping classic NY lounge music, which I happen to enjoy, but, the sound track went on and on for the entire evening. I think if I worked there, I would slowly go INSANE. Once we selected a table, we discovered the chic chairs were quite low, uncomfortably low. I mean, you need a booster seat low. We switched to a booth and all was well. We had great service and enjoyed a wide variety of very reasonably priced food, ordering randomly and sharing everything. We had lamb chops, two sets of fish tacos, a greek salad, sweet potato fries, etc. The fish tacos were delish and none of the dishes disappointed. The wine list was relatively extensive and also affordable. We considered fighting over the last bits of food but solved it, twice, by ordering a little more... The place began to fill up later in the evening. Josh, the manager, came by to check on us in a friendly and non-intrusive way. Thanks Josh! The cuisine is varied and tasty, the prices are Gainesville-low but not low enough for students, and the music is NY lounge. I don't really know who this restaurant is catering to but we enjoyed it.
I can't speak to anything else, but their Sunday brunch still absolutely rocks.   A quality mimosa and the Navajo Tacos can't be beat.  This is always our preferred Sunday morning destination whenever we make it back to Gainesville. The food is fresh and hot, they serve a mean cup of coffee, the mimosa glass is always full, and I'm still a fan of tight and black.
Trendy and upscale atmosphere. Seems more attractive for working 20 somethings rather than college students. I think later in the evening the restaurant has a more bar/lounge like feel. The drink menu wasn't impressive, but the food was better. It wasn't anything amazing, but edible. It was mostly nice plating and presentation. Prices were so-so. Service was prompt and friendly. But it just looks like it's trying too hard to be cool. And it's really not. Sorry.
It was ok. Except for the food randomly coming out, so some people had finished their food and others had yet to get their food. The staff completely ignored us once we finished our dinner. They took away one of our tables and tried to take away chairs, then started clearing the table while the birthday girl was still opening presents.
Had a wonderful dinner last night,great service too! Cilantro sirloin and Wife had Pork chops.we had a hard time deciding on just one thing. we Will be back.
I arrived here right at opening time on a Wednesday evening.  I had the Spicy Cilantro Steak with a side of the Chef's Vegetables.  The steak had the best flavor I have ever had in a steak.  The vegetables were also very tasty; well-seasoned, but not overdone. The manager stopped by to talk with me and let me know of another type of steak they offer that is marinate din Knob Creek bourbon for 48 hours prior to cooking - I will definitely have to try that one next time! The chef even came out to say hi.  My experience here was very good overall, and I will definitely return.
I ended up here, because it seemed kind of cool from the street.  Pretty small venue, reminded me of  Foundation in Boston,  small cliquish groups and everyone else seemed to be having birthday parties, I got nervous when they started walking around with bottles of Grey Goose with these sparklers on the top of them.  All I could think about was that show..."A thousand ways to die!"  I got out of there after ten minutes.  Ten bucks cover, which for this town must be one of the higher priced venues.  It seems like all over the world, there is only so many kinds of places and they are all trying so hard to get their market segementation just right!   They did'nt seem to mind half the crowd standing on the seat cushions of the low slung settees. Music was ok, but the sound system was so so.
My husband and I are visiting from California and we came last night at about 9pm. We loved the atmosphere. The lighting and setup reminded us of San Francisco and the music was great! We ordered the Tiger Ceviche and the Baja fish tacos. The flavor of both dishes was very good! We even got another order of fish tacos because they were so good. Since it was Thursday, they had a special for $3 off martinis. I ordered the Dubai Oasis and the Caramel Apple, which were both delicious. We might come back tonight and will definitely come again on our next visit.
There were maggots in the coleslaw that came with our brunch..need I say more? At least I had good company with me!
The Delmonico risotto was amazing
101 Downtown is a lot like the freshman who fills up his term paper with big words and cites some obscure references in an effort to impress his professor, yet doesn't bother to work out the structure or direction of the paper. The professor, of course, winds up seeing through it and cannot give a very good grade despite the effort at window-dressing. Likewise, 101 Downtown has set out to be a trendy destination restaurant but has focused as much or more on atmosphere than food and service. Unlike nearby Dragonfly which, though not all it could be, has still remained able to turn out high-quality food within its trendy setting, 101 Downtown has coasted along on ample drinks and a nod towards what people *think* fine dining is about. From the lobster macaroni and cheese to the orange duck, the menu reads like what a Hilton hotel's on-site restaurant in Omaha would attempt. What annoys me most about 101 Downtown is their temerity to presume they are doing something innovative when in fact they're just offering very standard dishes like "pan seared pistachio-encrusted tuna" or a pasta pad Thai. When I lived in San Francisco, I used to go to a restaurant called Mecca which is everything that 101 Downtown is trying to be: trendy young crowd, vast drink specials with cute names, modern interior that is so dark you can't see the person across from you, BUT Mecca also had an ever-changing, constantly innovative, menu, too. And they were doing this a decade ago. Now, I know we shouldn't expect Gainesville to be exactly on par with the city often hailed as the best restaurant city in in America, but really: if you want to be on the cutting edge, you've got to try harder. As things stand, it's as if Bonefish went in downtown and scaled up the beef offerings over the seafood. Other reviewers have complained about the prices: I do not think the prices, per se, are too high but the quality doesn't really measure up, and that's the issue. Also, how can you take seriously a place that has its main menu then a "lite menu" which bills itself as "lite on calories/lite on price"? Maybe the chef thought it was a pragmatic thing to do, but it, like many efforts here comes across as the freshman trying to be sophisticated but betraying his true command of the subject. The service is about like anywhere else in town with cloth table-linens: sweet but overall unprofessional college kids for the waitstaff. In my experience, it's been pretty clear they just were schooled a month ago to rattle off the dinner specials. Again, the sophistication comes off as insincere and trying too hard. If you ask too many questions about the fish, in example, the waiters just look mighty confuzzled as if they really expected you to just smile and drink your martini while paying little attention to the food. If you're in college and taking some girl out for a fancy date and she's not going to be picky or really look beyond the general feeling of the experience, sure, come here. 101 Downtown does a decent job I guess at seeming the stereotype of a high-end experience, but if you've been to places like China Grill in Miami or the aforementioned Mecca (or the better restaurants in Atlanta, Orlando, or Charleston) you'll spot some issues pretty fast. If you're looking for a fine dining experience in Gainesville, I strongly suggest Emiliano's or Mildred's (on a good day, that is, as they've been wobbly recently too) or drive up to High Springs to Great Outdoors for something truly different and of very high quality. 101 Downtown is a nice venue for a restaurant but just feels really generic to me. In fairness, I've not tried their brunch so I cannot comment on that.
Don't waste your money.  Bad service and below average food.
Over priced. Way to loud. Went here for my wifes birthday dinner. They have a special on birthdays. So we went. Staff seated us right away. Waiter was no where to be found. Eventually we had one. 30 mins into it we got some bread. Then of course we had to track our waiter down for silverware and napkins. Food came out. Great presentation. Just left me really hungry afterwards. Definitely not interested in going back.
Had a great time here in Gainesville on Thursday night. Given the time (Summer B) the place was not too packed, but it was filled up just enough. Friends and I had great maritnis and enjoyed the outside patio for a few hours. Wonderful location, good drinks, and at a very reasonable price. Will definitely go back there sometime.
Brunched at 101 Sunday, small group of very cool friends... good time had by all.  Ordered a custom omelet of egg whites and fresh spinach, it came to me perfectly folded and delicious!  Pitchers of Mimosas for $15 all  you can drink kept me hanging around until late afternoon, we actually closed the place down, the lasts guests we were!  Nobody rushed us out, even when we got loud. Enjoyed a cigarette on the front patio, chatting with my friend Mario and one of the owners of 101.  Mostly I enjoyed that my questions, from my ever curious mind, got answered by the upbeat owner, and that my omelet was perfect in spite of the fact that it was not on the menu.  Apparantly Spike, the Chef, is awesome all the time!  I shall return.  The decor is trendy indeed, almost a little stuffy for a fun brunch afternoon, my only complaint and it's not really a valid one!
I'm usually not a giant online complainer about restaurants - I usually just decide to never go back. But wow, 101 was so atrocious I had to make an account just for this. I had placed a reservation a week in advance for my friend's birthday since I knew 101 typically has the most generous birthday specials. Boy were they not worth it. We got seated around 8:45 despite having our reservation for 8:15, strike one. The waiter came out and told us a giant list of items they were out of from their already paltry and unimpressive menu. I'm not talking one or two things; half the menu was off limits. Strike two. Our food came out around 10 (again, on an 8:15 reservation). In the meantime our waiter was apologizing and explaining that the kitchen was backed up, which was great because the restaurant was half empty. My shrimp diable came out first. For $7.50, I got four pieces of shrimp. Four. And they tasted, as a friend noted, "like they were from CostCo." No substance, no flavor. For reference, the same price would get you over half a pound of fresh shrimp. Throw some hot sauce - any hot sauce - on it and you'd have a culinary masterpiece in comparison to the crap I was served, strike three. Then the main course. I had ordered the "Tierra y Mar Satay," as it was one of the few menu items actually available. Three people at our table had ordered it, and all three came out cold. Not room temperature; I'm talking cold chunks of meat. We had to send them back, and ended up finally getting to eat after the checks were delivered to our table. Even warm they were flavorless and just awful, even Applebee's does better. Strike four. We were all pretty furious at how long we had been at the restaurant - we had had plans for around 10 - and we called over the manager. He said unconvincingly that he was embarrassed (if I were him I would have been so embarrassed I would have come out with a bag over my head) and that we would get a discount. 25% off later I was still paying around 25 dollars for hands-down the crappiest dinner experience I've ever had. For 25 bucks in downtown Gainesville you can get some great meals, but 101 had me wishing I had just stayed home and burned the money instead. Oh, and there was an included gratuity of around 18%, which is the biggest joke I've heard considering how terrible the service was. Did I mention how the waiter spilled an order of sweet potato fries and caught some of them with his shirt in front of us, and then tried to serve them to my friend? Twenty-friggen-five dollars and included gratuity. And I left hungry. The only positive thing I have to say about this terrible restaurant is that their drinks are amazing (and god will you need them if you make the bad decision to eat here). If you must go to 101 for some masochistic reason, just get a drink or two and then walk down the street to another restaurant - any other restaurant - to get much better food and service.
Atmosphere is great, exterior is trendy and unique compared to other downtown establishments. Prices are a bit steep for a college student, but if you can find a way to afford a visit, its worth it. Service was not up to expectations- for such a high class place, you'd expect high class service as well. Perhaps the hiring process needs to be changed. I like the "lite" meal options they offer (half size entrees), but be warned, even though the portions look terribly small, it was a very filling meal. I had the twisted pork tenderloin and it was tasty, but my favorite part was probably the free bread...If you want something more substantial, opt for a pasta dish. Those are enormous in comparison to the "lite" entrees.
I've only been here twice, but I've had good experiences both times. The fish was fresh and cooked properly. I liked their fish tacos and I liked their veggie stir fry bowl. The salmon was pretty good too. The risotto was overcooked and they use domestic parmesean, so its a bit of a disappointment. I am fairly certain they will go out of business soon, unless they are making up for it in drink sales at night, but nobody was in there on a Friday night at 8:00.....Some of these reviews on Yelp make me nervous though, I don't know who to trust. Also, the decor is really lame, its trying to be loungy/stylish/modern, but its just cold and sad. I may or may not be back, we shall see.
That's really too bad that most people have had a bad experience here... but I am here to tell you that the food at 101 Downtown is AMAZING! Unfortunately, I don't have much free time to go to a sit down restaurant with my busy work schedule and my house full of kids... so my girlfriend and I decided to grab a pick up order so I could eat while I was at work.  We looked at the menu online, and it all seemed very high-class... complicated flavors and interesting combinations.  Her and I both have a pretty simple palate, and can be pretty picky sometimes, so we decided to split an Avocado-Mango-Tomato salad and the Kobe Sliders.  Both dishes were PHENOMENAL!  Even in a to-go box, which sometimes can bring down the quality of food from  a fine-dining place.   When I bit into that burger, juice literally squirted out of the patty.  The dressing on the salad was a nice sweet flavor that went really well with the perfectly ripe avocado and mango. So what if the food takes a while to come out?  You are not going to McDonalds... this is a fine-dining restaurant, so just enjoy the drinks and enjoy the person you are with! The food will come eventually, and it will be great!
My experience here was not one that I want to experience again. Our server left for twenty-minute increments, and our food took about an hour on a Saturday morning and they were not that busy at all. I ordered the breakfast rice as an appetizer, and ate all of that so I wasn't  really hungry when my entree was delivered another thirty-minutes later. Our server was polite when we saw him but no lie, it was very seldom. I might try it again in the future, but I was very disappointed that Saturday morning.
The ambiance of this place is perfect. I went there for brunch the other day, and being a rice lover I chose the Breakfast Fried Rice. This dish is fantastic. I love the kick that the sriracha does to the dish. I definitely recommend people to come to this place.
Dispite a small glich in service last time, which could honestly was probably just a misunderstanding, this place has wowed twice now. Although I always order the same thing (it's just too damn good to stray away from it), my dining partners have also had amazing meals. I get the mango avocado tomato salad, and it's fresh and summery. Perfect way to toast to the hot summer nights of Florida. Great Service and atmosphere, on my returning visits makes me want to keep going. The servers really do care!
Having gone to 101 downtown several times and had a good experiance I was surprised with the quality of the food last night.  I had the grouper special and while the sides, sauce, etc. were very good the fish tasted--well, fishy--as in past its prime.  Not to the point of being spoiled but it was obviously not fresh and did not have the smooth, light taste grouper should.  I wuold have sent it back but was there on a business visit and did not want to cause a fuss.
Bad service, TERRIBLE MANAGEMENT, long wait for EVERYTHING, food was average for Gainesville (which doesn't mean good). We were invited to a graduation party at 101. Upon arrival (right on time) we were informed that our reserved table/room (for 15 people) had been given away to a party of 45 who would not be finished for at least an hour. They ended up splitting our party up to seat us. After waiting about 30 minutes, the waitress started to take our order, but never brought the appetizers our host had arranged for--our host had to explain to the waitress what had been preordered. When we ordered our food the waitress said we couldn't choose from the side dishes on the menu; everyone would get risotto and vegetables with their meal. Then the chef came out and said they were out of risotto and it would take 45 minutes to make more, so we could choose from a few other sides (not the ones on the menu). When they finally brought out the food, it was mass confusion, the staff had no idea who had ordered what. I ordered the macadamia crusted salmon, and the topping/sauce was great, but it was the driest piece of fish I've ever had. The tempura shrimp appetizer was in no way tempura (beer batter, I think, and way too much of it). Every time we wanted our waters refilled or a new bottle of wine opened, we had to wave down the waitress--I don't know what the staff were busy doing because the place wasn't even full, but they sure weren't paying any attention to us. The worst part of the experience was the frat boy manager. He never came out to apologize for anything and sent the waitress or chef to deliver each piece of bad news about all the things 101 screwed up. If he would have been the least bit apologetic or accommodating, instead of sending other employees to tell us about logistical problems that were really his (the manager's) duty to deal with, this review might have a few more stars. Bottom line: If you are celebrating a special event, don't go to 101.
