It's the only Karaoke in Gainesville and brings a lot of fun to my friends and me.We are happy to have birthday parties and meet friends here. I like the mixed drinks and the new decorations sooooo much！Waiting for new promotions～
Finally, we have a KTV place in town! Awesome environment, having almost the best KTV system. Awesome owner. Very friendly. The Chinese owner looks like a movie star in HK.
This place is  just plain fun! The bartender's are super awesome, just looking to make sure you have a great time. They have some awesome drink specials and party deals so bring a big group for even more fun   You can change the lighting, the music and pick what you want your night to be.  Make sure you check out the huge selection of songs!  Would go back here again and again!
We had a great time! The staff was super friendly and helpful. Would love to see some American classics added to the song list: Johnny Cash, Jimmy Buffet, etc. Overall totally a fun time. Definitely check it out!
Staffs are friendly and the price is reasonable. Air conditioning could be better. Should add more new songs:)
the atmosphere is chill and the staff was very friendly. The room was spacious and tastefully decorated.  I didn't have trouble using their touch screen menu and everyone had a great time.
Not bad
It's awesome!
I think this place is more of a 2.5 stars but I am being generous here because I think there's more room for them to grow.  I went there during the grand opening night and my first impression was that the place really resembled a lot of real karaoke places in East Asia.  When a group of our people (6 total) went there, they ran out of the smaller rooms so the owner gave us the biggest room for the same rate, which I appreciated a lot. However, I feel like we spent 20 minutes out of 60 minutes trying to fix the mics to work properly and the whole system froze in the beginning.  There were 4 mics and they made a lot of squeaky noises.  Mics didn't have much echo so it made bad singing sound worse basically.  The ambience of the room was good except I wish the lighting stayed dark for the entire time.  The light kept changing from white, blue, red.  Blue and red lights were fine but when the lighting changed to whiteish color, it was too bright.  Also, I wish they had the system to let people know how much time we have left.  The rate is based per hour and the owner wasn't going to let the customers know how much time we have left for an hour.  So if you didn't intend on staying for more than an hour, you'd eventually have to pay more anyway.  I thought this wasn't so fair for the customers but customers should also keep track of the time.  Other than that, drinks were pretty cheap and I thought the rate was reasonable.  Be sure to go with a big group of people! I recommend at least 4 and more people.  That way, you can split it among the group.  Overall, I had a fun time with my friends.  I still think there's plenty of improvements that they can make and hopefully the next time I visit, it'll be a better experience! :)
