This is a cool place. Almost everything is local and organic. You can order burgers made from water buffalo, which as a vegetarian seems peculiar to me...but hey, my carnivore friends seem to like them! I recommend 2 things: the inca bowl, which is packed with quinoa and protein. I also recommend the carrot cake. It's the best in Gainesville, verified by yours truly. This place has a nice ambiance that could be taken for casual or dressed up a bit. There is always parking which is a plus. I recommend it for a date night or classy drink night. Vegetarians rejoice..
Nice place for a casual meal out. Many vegetarian & vegan options on the menu. My wife had the Shittake Chicken, which was a very generous portion of tasty mashed potatoes as the base. I had the eggplant Parmesan, which was very good. The Poutine appetizer was tasty, and decadent. Service was fast & friendly. Highly recommended.
Went here fore Brunch on Sunday during the middle of summer when not much college students are around. The first thing I have to comment on is the service. If i could break down this rating system and was allowed to give stars for service I'd give it 2-3 stars. The place wasn't even too packed, but to be seated .. and then to finally get a drink... and then to finally get our food took forever! There were definetely ample waiters/waitresses so they must have been in the back just chilling or something. But we came here hungry and left with a headache. The food and food options are actually great. I got the "Inca bowl" which is a whole lot of quinoa with black beans, sweet potato, gyuvere cheese, avocado and an egg on top. I could have used an extra egg, but the concept is pretty decent. My girlfriend got the juevos rancheros which she really liked. Besides that we ordered Mimosas which were only 3 dollars. Nothing to write home about, and not greatly presented but they did the job. Besides that if you come for a beer they have "gluten-free" beer which I would definitely come back for to try. I'll prob sit at the bar for that so I don't have to wait for service.
This a pretty chill place to grab a bite to eat in Gainesville and the fact that it has its own parking lot can be really helpful with the sometimes terrible parking situation downtown. The food overall was pretty good, I had a burger and some poutine before hand, the only problem was that the few times I have gone the service has been a bit slow.
When my husband and I first moved to Gainesville, we met some friends here who recommended this place because we wanted to try as many local spots as possible. I like the fact that the food comes from local growers and that there's a variety of healthy options on the menu. I ordered the chicken coconut curry rice bowl, and it was pretty good. The vegetables tasted fresh and it was served nice and hot, which made me feel good that it wasn't sitting under a heat lamp. The fries that my husband ordered were kinda soggy and not so tasty, though. I will say that the service was slow and quite honestly not that good--the waiter kept ignoring us and it really took some effort to flag him down to ask for things as simple as a refill of water or extra napkins, and they weren't even that busy. I would advise that you order everything at once because you never know when your waiter will come back around to your table. I haven't been back since and probably won't considering the poor service, and I agree with some of the other reviews that talked about the wait staff having a pretentious vibe. I'm more than willing to pay up to support local businesses and the surrounding community, but not by sacrificing service and overall experience.
Usually I love jones b side, but the last 2 times I have been here the food has not been up to par. This last time, my grits were shameful, the spinach omelette sautee was really salty, and our server was unattentive and super slow. Gave 3 stars since in the past it has been good.
First I'd like to say that our service was fine with the exception of the uninformed up sell on our drinks. I'd also like to apologize for the friends we met with there if they were rude. Personally I found them a little embarrassing since my wife and I are the only two in our group that have worked in restaurants and know how hard it can be. They were very critical of the server which I apologize for. While we came at the tail end of the check for drinks we did not see any faults in our server at the time. My problem with the Jones is that the food is bland and pretentious somewhat like a portion of the the staff. I understand that the food is sustainable and that is what I'm paying for. However it should at least have the flavor to match the price. Which is why I usually stick to drinks. FYI their happy hour is pretty decent. We paid $20 for two drinks (not happy hour) that weren't well made. And a mojito should have a minimum of 2tsp of sugar. Our server neglected to inform us of an up sell for the cheap rum that was used. Jones, I want to like you but you need better staff and better food. You can't just have pretty looking pretentious woman and men working for you with no waitstaff skills. You also have to make food that's better than what I can make in my own kitchen. You have the potential to be a great restaurant. All you need to do is put forth a little effort and stop making food that tastes like hipster philosophy; pretty and trendy on the outside but no substance or soul.
A great place for brunch! I loved the biscuits and gravy. It was the southern equivalent of Eggs Benedict. I'll be sure to try The B-side for lunch or Dinner next time I'm in Gainesville.
It wasn't bad, I just wasn't impressed. However, I would be willing to give them another try and order something different. Met my brother for lunch on our way through town. He suggested Jones B-Side and since it had been quite a while since I had been to Gainesville, I figured he knew best. We had their brunch menu and my eyes were drawn to the sweet potato maple hash. With pork belly. When pork belly is mentioned on the menu & the waiter confirms you want pork belly, you get a little - well, really a lot - disappointed when all you really end up with is bacon. The potatoes were well cooked, and the egg was cooked just right. I just couldn't get past the 'pork belly'. The maple syrup broth also proved to ba a little too sweet. And that's saying a lot coming from a sweet-lover like myself. My husband enjoyed his sandwich & my brother enjoyed his fried chicken. It was a gorgeous day to sit on the covered patio and catch up. I would definitely give them another shot, just would be a little more wary when I order the next time.
To start on a positive note the service was friendly and the atmosphere was good. I went with a party of five who all tried different dishes. I had the Greek salad but unfortunately I was not impressed. It was not bad but it was not what I expected. There was corn, broccoli, and cauliflower in the Greek salad which is not something that I am used to and I would have preferred it without. Two of the people in my party had issues with their dishes. One asked for avocado on the side which it was not (I know not really a big deal) and the other asked for the dish to be made without jalapeños and it came with jalapeños. The dish with jalapeños had to be remade (which they gladly offered to do) because it was too spicy. Overall the meal wasn't terrible and as I said the service was good but I'm not sure that I would return given the other available options in Gainesville. *Side note* very vegetarian friendly which is a plus for me.
I had a great dinner here with a few friends while visiting Gainesville for work. This is a pretty comfy place. Dark-ish lit and ample seating. We sat inside at one of the bigger tables since it wasnt too busy the weeknight we came here. They had a great tap and bottle list of beers. I had a really hard time choosing a beer actually haha..some awesome local stuff! For starters we got the poutine. You really cant mess up a dish like this so it was awesome. After that I went for the shrimp and grits per my friend and the servers recommendation. It was definitely a great choice. After all that food we had to call it quits and get a beer for desert haha Service was prompt and friendly too... If im ever in town again I will try to go back.
I've eaten here a number of times over the last several months with groups large and small. The beef burgers and sandwiches are fantastic. I ordered the steak panini for the first time last night. Well cooked steak and the horseradish sauce was perfect. The coconut curry is also fantastic. I've only not loved the food once; the shrimp and grits was a little bland. They keep local beer on tap and have a rotating selection of interesting bottles from all over. The atmosphere is like what you might expect from a dive bar, a little dark with eclectic decor and an indie-rock/new wave soundtrack, but unlike a dive the service is extremely friendly. One of my big pet peeves is when a restaurant knows they are backed up and they leave you waiting with no indication of when your food will come out. Last night my significant other and I were told right off the bat that the kitchen was understaffed for the night and that we might have to wait a little longer than normal for entrees. Her honesty (and our hunger) prompted us to order an appetizer--delicious zucchini fries. A win-win! One downside is that they will only run three debit/credit cards per table, which can be  annoying if you're eating with a large group. Anytime a business limits the way they will take your money is a little weird, and it makes me wonder why three is the magic number.
I've heard so many great things about this place, and boy, was I let down. We walked in, and we weren't greeted at the host stand for about 4 minutes. We had never been here before, so we were confused as soon as soon as our experience began. We were finally greeted, with no apology for the wait. Alright. We notice about 2 servers on the floor and there were ten tables. Never a good sign to see (especially since were both servers). We are seated and not greeted by our server for about 7 minutes. We wanted to know what local beers they had, but we were not given a drink menu. I had to go up to the bar and see what they had on tap myself. The server finally arrives, she doesnt ask if we had been there before, if we wanted to know the drink specials,  if we had any questions etc. She doesn't apologize for the wait. She just asks what we wanted. I order a beer that was on a poster, she tells me that they havent had that beer for months and they should take the poster down. Great. So I order a beer that I know they have since I had to walk up and investigate the bar myself. We also order fried zucchini, that was desperate for a dipping sauce. We both weren't crazy about it, but the situation couldnt have been fixed because our server clearly didnt care. She never asks us if we have any questions about the menu, and she never comes back to the table and asks if we were happy with our appetizer/meals (which we werent). Our water glasses were empty almost the entire meal. My tacos didn't come with the proper toppings that were described on the menu, just cabbage and cheese. Very flavorless. I was looking forward to the pickled red onion and jalapeno slaw but I didnt have it, for some reason. But of course, I couldn't tell my server because she never came and asked us how our food was. She came by and asked us if we needed anything 10 minutes after our food arrived. Thanks, but we were ready to leave at that point. I paid $40 for terrible service and food that wasn't properly prepared? I think it's safe to say we will never go back. We couldn't even find a manager to talk to. FYI dont give bad service to young people... there is a good chance they are servers and could be your best tip of the night!
*** Vegetarian and Sometimes Vegan Eater*** From the big retro cassette tape sign to the amazing vegetarian food, I love The Jones B-Side.  As a matter of fact, I may be in the minority here (since I am a minority anyway), and like it *better* than The Jones Eastside, so I will defend it here! For one: The Jones B-Side takes credit cards, which I love (the Jones Eastside is cash only, which means it gets zero business from me and my traveling friends). Second: the ambiance of The Jones B-Side trumps the other location.  It's bigger, better, and has a futuristic look inside, like "10 Forward" of Star Trek: TNG. Location: The Jones B-Side is closer to the fun parts of downtown Gainesville, and you can eat here, while walking to cool bars nearby afterwards.  Walking trumps driving, so I choose The Jones B-Side for a fun date night. Finally: the parking situation is much better for The Jones B-Side.  It has its own large lot, and never runs out of parking spaces. The food is good in both locations for us vegetarians.  Not only is it good, but prepared in a very healthy way: very little oil and salt.   Only dish that isn't what it says it is: the poutine.  I'm Canadian, and the poutine is not what Canadian poutine should be.  1 mark taken off the review for the bad poutine.  I haven't found any authentic poutine in Florida, sadly. Other than that, great vegetarian food and a perfect date restaurant.  Take your girl there! (my meat-eating friends love the meat dishes there too)
I went to the Jones for the first time about a year ago.  I loved it and returned on many occasions. But then they took the tempeh wellington off the menu and it was all downhill from there.  Tonight was bad enough to warrant a review update (and rating downgrade).  I tried the tacos, which were a huge disappointment.  The steak was dry and bland.  I think they came with jalapeño slaw...good concept, but executed poorly.  They would have been so much better by adding even just onions and cilantro...and cheese.  The menu advertises queso fresco, but this was noticeably absent.  The beans and rice were seasoned strangely, and kind of mushy.   I wasn't happy with the service either.  I was with a group of 8, but even for a big group I felt like we waited an unusually long time for our food.  And even though we all finished at the same time, the server brought our checks out at different times.  Also, she added gratuity, which drives me crazy.  Even if it's the restaurant's policy to automatically grat larger groups, I feel like it's common courtesy to inform the table before doing so. I'm willing to give the Jones a second chance (they have Swamphead on tap!), but really I just want them to put the tempeh welligton back on the menu and to not suck so much next time I visit.
The service was terrible. We had a pretty large party and it took forever to get anything done. The food was out in a reasonable amount of time but other than that it took forever to get even just water. I got up and got myself a dessert menu because our server hardly came by the table. As for the food, it was alright. I got the tortellini and it was drowning in sauce (may be a good thing if you like that). Someone else got the peach pork chops (which sounded great) but the rice was stone hard. Either it wasn't cooked at all or sitting out for a very long time. Also, for the price of the pork chop, it was not a lot of meat at all (mostly bone). I would give this place another shot but not in a large group and I would get something less complicated like a burger or sandwich.
Absolutely delicious... I highly recommend the steak poutine and the shrimp and grits! I also had a taste of the fettuccini + pork belly, which wasn't as good.  But I really fantasize about the shrimp and grits till today. Service here was also decent.  I think I originally had a bad server, but the manager came by and was very helpful.
I have mixed feelings about my visit here. I'm not from the area and I was there for a special event, so I can't say I had the average experience here. The people working were polite. Not excessively friendly or anything, but pleasant. I split some stuff with a friend so we could try more things on the menu. We started with the brie (sweet version) and were happy with it. Then we got our dinner orders which were the pork chimichanga and a salad on their specials. The salad was good but it felt like it was overpriced for what it was. The chimichanga was huge but a little underwhelming. I'm not sure if they were light on the seasoning, but it felt heavy in a bad way. Due to the nature of the event, service was slow, so we opted to pass on dessert and try somewhere else. If I'm back in Gainesville I would probably revisit the Jones B-side. It seemed like there was a lot of potential, and I'm sure a hectic night didn't help.
Sooo, let's start with the fact that I cook EVERYTHING. Good food is hard to come by in Florida unless you're in Naples or Palm Beach.  Good food at a good price is nearly impossible.  A friend took me to this place for lunch when I was visiting Gainesville.  We sat at the bar...which had a cool and pleasant bar tender. I looked at the menu, which was quite small, and knew this had to be something good.  To start... I ordered the poutine (apologies for misspellings).   Never had them so why not I thought....and WOW!!! Truly a treat.  They must make their own fries.... sauce perfect flavor... finished it all.  Then I ordered the shrimp and cheese grits..... never had before so I felt this was a good time to try it.  They were absolutely delicious... with the jalapenos and scallions and what looked like bacon... who cares..... it made the dish perfect.  Get them!!!  You won't be disappointed.  Equally good the next day too. My friend had the fried chicken... which was cooked perfectly, but what impressed me was the kale they served it with.  I hate kale.... because no one knows how to cook it.  Here, it was crispy, perfectly seasoned and just delicious as a side to the fried chicken. BONUS:  On Sundays... it's happy hour ALL DAY!!  Our pints were $2.50...and my coffee stout was awesome.  If I didn't have to drive, I would have been there longer. Simply a great place to get a delicious meal and a good beer.
Lunch special I had was this wings. They were ok. Nothing special. 6 full wings. That was nice but I think I would have been happier with 5 that were properly dispatched. The downturn came mostly due to lack of requested condiments. Wings, but no bleu cheese dressing? Really....?, so I asked for mayo they brought me aioli portending it was the same thing....maybe if not runny. The sell hamburger, but no mayo... But hey, you might like it.
Friendly service and amazing local ingredients make for a great experience. I recommend the spicy carrot and ginger soup and the steak an eggs. The steak is juicy. I paired it with a milk stout and the flavor combination was amazing.
I gotta agree with reviewer Donald S. on this one.  The Inca bowl is to die for- was full but kept making myself eat it because it was so delicious.  Quinoa with honey roasted sweet potatoes, two eggs, goat cheese, and salsa.   I didn't try anything else, and heard the menu is going to be changed this week (but do not fear-the Inca bowl is staying on board).  As a picky eater who has lived in DC and LA for the past 9 years of my adult life, I was amazed by how simple, yet how wonderfully executed this dish was. The staff was very friendly and the price point was very cheap by my standards.  I had an incredibly filling lunch for $8.50-not much more than the price of fast food.  I can't wait till I move to Gainesville just so I can hit this spot up on a regular basis.
Not sure I would eat here again.  The service was not great and the foot was a bit pricey.  I was hoping for a bit more for my first time here.  If I had to suggest good food items, I would say choose the shrimp and grits or burger just to be safe.
Finally made it over to the new Jones B-Side to try it out. The place has potential, big potential, but they really need to go their act together a little better. Good Points:  Love the dark interior/atmosphere, service was good (sat at the bar) and the food was excellent (had a pastured burger). The two problems:  #1:  The prices are ridiculous!  I had their "pastured burger" and a tiny side salad that comes with it.  Don't misunderstand, the burger was delicious and perfectly seasoned.  But, never-the-less, it's still just a burger and not even the biggest one you can find in town.  $12 for a burger is a bit much.  Sweet Mels down the street has burgers that are just as good, and bigger, for $8.99. #2:  Inventory.  So, I order my burger and told what sides were available.  I pick the "Beer Cheese" soup - a few minutes goes by, I'm told they're out of it.  Next choice, Mashed Potatoes -- a few minutes goes by, I'm told they're out of that too.  Finally settle on a salad (which literally is no more than a small handful of greens sharing the plate with the burger), with Ranch Dressing.  Asked for a little more ranched dressing, which they did manage to get me, but was initially told, "It will be a few minutes, the cook has to go see if they have anymore". Come on?  Really? Why doesn't anyone know what is available and what is out of stock?   Bigger question, why are so many things out of stock? I like the place and will probably be back.  Hopefully they get their inventory situation straightened away.  But this will never be a regular stop for me at those prices.
First, I love The Jones Eastside and have eaten there about once a week since they opened. Second -- this is NOT the same Jones. Not even close. I've gone to The Jones B-side three times. Poor service all three times. 1. About 7 p.m. on Thursday. Crowded. Ate in. Freezing. AC was icicle-high. Everyone at the long communal table agreed about that. Took 45 minutes from order to food arrival. And the food was so unremarkable, I even forget what I had! 2. Takeout the next week, Wednesday, about 5:30 p.m. Ordered a big salad with added chicken and the ginger-tahini dressing (which I have enjoyed many times at the other Jones). It took 30 minutes for them to give me one salad. And when I got home, the meat was PORK and the dressing was something else, possibly a vinaigrette. Did they give me someone else's salad? Or do the kitchen staff just not care? 3. Saturday, I thought maybe if I went after 1 p.m. I could get good service. Ha ha. No. Waited 5 minutes, no menu. Asked at the bar. They didn't give me a menu but said someone would be right with me. Yeah, right. Eight minutes after that (I checked), still no menu. So I left. I would have waited if this had been my first bad experience, but now I'm done. Maybe in a few months, the B-crew will get their act together. I'm going to wait at least that long before I go back. In the meantime, I'll be eating at the good Jones, on the east side. I'm really disappointed in the Jones B-Side.
The lunch is good, but the dinner is always hit or miss. The first time I had the shrimp and grits, it was great but the subsequent times I had it, it was disappointing. I do like the Incan bowl, even if it's a little too salty.
I went to the b-side first time since I've heard the eastside was closed and merged to the b-side. However, I was somewhat disappointed about my first experience at the b-side based on my previous very positive experiences of the eastside. I went there on Sunday at about noon time. The environment and atmosphere were okay, and the restaurant was pretty much full of customers so it was somewhat noisy. I was in a party of 3. At the beginning, the service was good for making orders and serving drinks. However, we spent more than half an hour (almost 45 min) for our food which was much longer than how we expected. As for the food, I ordered salmon egg benedict and confirmed with the waitress that my eggs should be poached eggs with running yolks. Unfortunately, what I received was almost fully cooked eggs which were unacceptable. One of my friend also ordered a dish with poached eggs and they were also over-cooked. The other of my friend ordered farmer's omelette which was one of my favorite dish of the eastside, but it tasted so different from my last experience at the eastside. The eggs still tasted good, but I did not taste the same freshness of the vegetables inside the eggs as the one at the eastside. The side fries of our dishes, which were also my favorite at the eastside, were not impressive as how I expected at all. I really doubt if I would like to be there again. If another of my "eastside fan" friend confirmed her experience at b-side with me with similar results, I think I would more likely to switch to other local green restaurants.
Ok, I was completely torn on how to rate this place. I decided to rate it for what it is, not for the type of place I like. I was pretty dumb or maybe naive about exactly what this place was. I didn't really pay attention to the reviews here, just kinda glossed over and figured, "Oh, a lot of hipsters eat here and it's kinda trendy now to be vegetarian or blah blah blah". So we go up to the bar and take a look at the menu. Holy shit. The wife and I just looked at each other.....Ugh. We want meat. We need meat. We crave meat. On the plus side, the guy poured a pretty stiff gin & tonic. We didn't want to be dicks by telling them we thought the menu sucked and to serve us some real food, so we got the Poutini w/ chicken gravy. It was good. So I'll remove my carnivor prejudice and say that they did a good job turning Ralph's into a nice little place and everyone there seemed to be really enjoying themselves.
Considering all of the other bad reviews posted about this place, I was really interested to try it out.   I had  a great experience, and will be sure to return when I can.   I had the pleasure of eating out last night.  Came to the Jones B-side, was greeted with a smile when I came in and was promptly seated in the outside patio area. I loved that they were playing classic hip hop.   Granted, this was a Tuesday Night around 9 pm, so the place was not crowded at all, but the service was great. I got the Seafood Po Boy, which was DELICIOUS!!  The seafood changes depending on what they have, so I had the mahi.  Our server was chill, but he definitely wanted to make it a good experience for us, so he checked in on us and made sure we liked everything. I hope people give this place a shot, because it has great food and a really cool atmosphere.
Contrary to most of the existing reviews, I found my experience at the Jones to be superb. I'd recommend those who had 1 to 3 star experiences in the first opening weeks of the restaurant to give it another try sometime. Things have definitely improved. The highlight for me was the cocktails. They've taken the time to develop some really tasty drinks here. I can't recommend the Dixie Hotel enough. It's a ginger and whiskey mixed drink that I could have drank all night. I tried a few others that were also decent, but this was definitely the standout, and the only one whose name I remember. I ordered  the shrimp and grits, which were pretty darn tasty. My chief complaint about the dish was that there was inconsistency with the shrimp. Some of the shrimp were small and looked like the cheap stuff, while others were big and juicy. The space itself is one of the more upscale and charming that I've been to in Gainesville. There is some really amazing woodwork on display, and with the patio seating being permanently installed, this makes for definite year round patio potential. My biggest complaint about the night would be that despite reassuring me she would, the lady who took my call when I was recounting having left my backpack never did let the bartender know to hold my bag.
The burger was fantastic.  It was perfectly seasoned (in my book, that means salty) and cooked on the griddle.  It was juicy and the bun was warm.  Oh yeah, it was wonderful.  They didn't cook it to order, but I've come to expect that from most places.  Oh well.   The fries kinda sucked.  They were greasy and limp.  Nobody wants that. The filtered water was delicious.  You should totally splurge on the $0.50 charge.
This place was fantastic when it first opened up. I actually liked it better than the original. Loved the shiitake chicken, adored the Jones salad, and the breakfast was as good as Eastside's. But something dreadful has happened over the last six months...they changed things. Is started with the shiitake chicken. They altered the recipe, and it isn't as good. Then the salad was modified, also for the worse. They rearranged the seating, adding these unnecessarily large booths. Even the service seems to be slowly slipping. I fear too much to even try breakfast there now, as my heart may shatter from the disappointment. This place is still ok. But it isn't really one of the better options downtown anymore. The Top, Vello's, and Loosey's are probably the most notable standouts now, depending on what you want to eat and spend.
Obsessed with this place!! Was pleasantly surprised that the day we came was 2 for 1 wine. What a deal! We started with the poutine (regular and vegetarian) and both were amazing. I've been hosed into ordering poutine before where it was shredded cheese and not the standard cheese curds. What a disappointment. But The Jones B-Side does not disappoint. They were spot on with their cheese curds! Perfectly melted over crispy fries. Their special soup of the day was summer squash and apricot topped with creme fraiche... TO DIE FOR! So freaking good. Dinner for me was Shrimp and Grits. I have never had that dish before and damn was it amazing, Grits were corny and perfectly cooked. Shrimp was smothered in the grits just waiting to be eaten. I would eat here breakfast lunch and dinner.
Oh, Jones B Side. What happened? You were fantastic for so long!  The last few times I've been there it's not been consistently great.  I have loved, loved, loved your breakfasts and Inca bowl (quinoa, black beans, avocado, eggs); your specials and drinks. But the last few times were very disappointing. The burger was extremely salty and dry, and the fries floppy and greasy. However the gluten free cookies still rock!  And the service and ambience is wonderful.  I'm going to keep coming back and hope things improve again to be consistent. I miss you.
Still haven't made it to the original Jones but been here a few times for lunch since it's close to work. The Grandmama was so good I had it twice, but I have to say that the Inca Bowl did not disappoint. Excited to go back and continue trying new things. The service was not impressive any of the times and I felt like we were forgotten...we were in a rush once and did make it out of there, but barely. Not sure if the servers just had too many tables each (even though it was not busy by any means) or what. Anyway, the food was memorable and delicious!
I had heard wonderful things about this place before finally deciding to give it a try. To be honest, the whole experience was extremely underwhelming. I went in a group for a friend's birthday dinner, only to realize that they are unable to split checks...a little confusing. The menu had a lot to choose from and all of it looked great on paper. Unfortunately, this was not the case when we received our food. I ordered a sandwich that was so small, bland, and unimpressive it made me wish I had stayed home and made it myself. The sentiment of "I could have made this myself for much less money" was felt by our whole group. Overall, very disappointing.
Made my first trip to the Jones B-side today.  Yes, I know this is their first week open.  And, yes, I know they are working stuff out.  You can read this review and decide for yourself.  Maybe you'll just want to wait a while before you go.  Or not. That said....Here we go! The Space:  We sat inside, so I can't judge the patio area.  However, inside, the bar takes up 1/4 of the space, the 2- and 4-top tables take up a 1/4 of the space, and the 3 LARGE COMMUNAL DINING TABLES take up the rest of the space.  I am not kidding.  There are 3 huge (14-16 seater) communal tables in the middle of the dining room.  I hate communal tables. I don't know who goes to a restaurant hoping they will get to share a table with a bunch of complete strangers.  Maybe it's just me.  So, if you want to have a table to yourself, I would not recommend going during a busy time.  Also, it is very noisy inside. The sound really bounces around.  The bathrooms were *mostly* clean. Drinking Water:  The water situation seems to be a "thing." We were brought a vase of what is supposed to be super special filtered water.  What we got was room temperature water that tasted like it came straight out of the tap, with a couple of 4 oz juice glasses that we had to continually refill.  I saw a few other people request larger glasses with ice to help chill the water down.  I can't imagine why they wouldn't just give you ice or chill the vase. It's just water, people. The Service:  The service was slow.  Really slow.  And confused.  Multiple people came around to tell us that they would get our drinks, but it took a long time before anyone actually did. My order was put in wrong and, obviously, came out wrong and it took a long time to fix the problem. The Menu: The menu is a very abbreviated version of the Eastside menu.  I get that they are still trying to work out the kinks, but it was really limited.  THIS IS IMPORTANT:  We learned today that they ONLY serve brunch until 5 pm on Saturday and Sunday, with no actual lunch menu. Except for maybe 3 items, everything on the menu was an egg dish. So, if you don't want eggs, you might want to just wait until dinner on the weekend.   I also should mention that (for brunch anyway) there is a distinct lack of vegetarian/vegan options on the menu, compared to Eastside.  I suppose you can try to adjust a dish to suit your needs, but at the old location, you didn't really have to. Final verdict:  Exactly as Yelp says for 2 stars: "Meh.  I've experienced better."
We love the Jones so we were excited to try out the B-Side. The B-Side was disappointing at best. They could blame the Jones, which sets the bar high, but our past two experiences have been mediocre at best. And both times I've left hungry for food and flavor. Pros: Ambiance. I love that the restaurant is bigger (although loud) and is closer to downtown. Cons: Service can be lacking (although today it was pretty good). Food seems bland and safe. Overall, underwhelmed. Stick to the original Jones if you're looking for a delicious meal - B-side if you want to hang out and drink at the bar.
overall disappointed.... we legitimately waited 30 minutes before our server even brought us water. he then proceeded to incorrectly memorize half our orders, and completely neglected one altogether. I doubt we'll be coming back.
The Jones Eastside on 23rd Ave is definitely better all around but hopefully they can get things worked out in the new location. It was only open for a week when I went. Service was ok/good. Food was pretty tasty but not amazing. They did have a nice organic malbec house wine.  Overall its worth checking out. I'm sure its going to get better with time. The whole filtered water thing is a little weird. A couple of major changes from the Jones Eastside: 1) They have a full bar. 2) They accept credit cards.
The food is solid and is made with high quality ingredients.  I recently had the juevos rancheros and it was quite tasty.  My service was ehhhhh as I felt like I was more of an inconvenience to the server then I was an opportunity to make money.  Maybe it was the end of her shift.  If the service was better it definitely would have been 4 stars.
Had a great visit to The Jones B-Side last night! We started with half-price Swamp Head beers & an appetizer of poutine (delicious! must try cold-weather comfort food!). I then moved on to The Alice & a cup of the beer cheese soup, which was out of this world. My husband had the mahi po-boy which was tasty with a zippy coleslaw on top. We love their use of local & seasonal ingredients and the service was great. The atmosphere was trendier than The Jones Eastside, but it fit well, I liked it!
This place has improved dramatically. They have awesome craft cocktails and their food is quite good.
We went here on a Friday night with a group of twenty for my wife's graduation and had an incredible dining experience. We ordered from the special menu and was blown away.Scallop Ceviche, Duck Rissotto, Fresh Snapper noodle bowl it was all awesome.I was a little nervous on how our service was going to be since she was all by herself for twenty people but Maggie did a phenomenal job! I would definitely suggest the bside for a large group, this is usually when restaurants fall flat but they executed it perfectly.
Just got back to Gainesville for the summer and I really love the updated menus and new decor. Just as before, the service and food are still both as terrific as ever.
Stopped in here last night for a quick drink after work with a friend. This place has changed names and owners at least 8 times ( im exaggerating). Anyway, its a cool little trendy bar with an outside terrace. The servers are all very eclectic with their little bobs, vintage clothes, and messy high buns. Not much of a happy hour though. Half off wine and beer only ( i had my heart set on an apple martini for half off) Anyway, the place is cool. I heard they spin hip hop with an actual dj on thursday nights so i will be bck for that.
The only reason why I did not give 5 stars is that I do not like the seating on the inside. Not as cozy as the original. The drinks are great and the ingredients are noticeably fresh. Food is always delicious. I also wish the brunch menu was a little more extensive. You will not be disappointed if you give the B-side a try. Oh ya parking can be tricky on a Friday or Saturday night.
We sat at the bar because the restaurant was crowded, and were surprisingly well attended to and got our food quickly. I was a little disappointed in the menu selection but decided on the shrimp and grits and my fiance the pork belly sandwich. I also ordered a spike Arnold Palmer, which was good but tiny and had a lot of ice. I felt like I only got a few sips. The shrimp and grits were fabulous though, probably some of the best I've ever had! The shrimp were fresh and you could definitely taste the difference, unlike most seafood restaurants that use frozen seafood. I only had a bite of my fiances sandwich , but it was delicious as well and I would probably order it if we went back to try something different. Overall we had a good experience here and really enjoyed the food.
I expected much more from the Jones B-side. I've been to the Jones main location several times, but the Jones B-side is overpriced and the portions are extremely small. I ordered the meatloaf, and I was served three tiny pieces of finely sliced meatloaf with the smallest bit of arugula on the side. I spent over $30, and I didn't even get full! They charge $1 for the water that they bring when you're seated; the cup of soup is $4; and the coffee is $3. This is by far the most underwhelming place I've eaten at in Gainesville. If you're looking for a good value, this is not the place. While the food was fresh and tasted good, there are several other comparable places for a lot less money. They either need to increase their portions or reduce their prices.
I had never been to The Jones 23rd Avenue location; it's a little out of the way for me. But I had heard such rave reviews from friends that I was happy to see they opened a location downtown. I was so excited I got together a group of five friends for dinner Saturday nite. I fully realize this place just opened, so I expected a few hiccups, etc. And they happened. When I was seated for our table, the server said it was happy hour, and you could get draft beer 2 for 1. But I had been at the bar earlier, and that server never mentioned it, so I bought a bottle of beer. OK. that's not a big deal. Then we're seated, and the server says we can't have separate checks. That's a big hassle when almost no one I know carries cash. I would have brought cash but I had called on Friday and they said they now accepted debit cards unlike the first location. But they never said anything about that rule. OK, that's not a big deal, and we worked it out. HOWEVER, my meal just wasn't very good. It was shrimp and grits, and the grits lacked texture. It wsa more like soup, and the shrimp were paltry. I expeted more for $15. The ambiance is nice, but for my money, The Top is the best deal in town. Never a bad meal. and reasonable., and fun.
I worked with the Jones B-side to coordinate a UF department meet-and-greet!  From the moment I contacted them, they were incredibly professional and excited to host our group of at least 30 people. The server was fantastic - she bent over backwards to accommodate everyone's dinner and drink orders, and kept everyone happy. We had the entire beautiful back patio community table to ourselves.  Not too loud, not too busy, not too dark and perfect for a gathering of our size. The new menu is amazing and the specials were impressive, especially the udon bowl.  Clearly, the lead cook was a professional chef.  I would recommend the Jones B-side to anyone looking to hold a group event, whether business or more informal!  Obviously, great just for dinner too!
Huge Poutine with proper gravy for $five-something. I'm very happy. Some of the other dishes weren't amazing.
I've been here a few times, mostly because I work nearby and desperately want this place to be as good as The Jones Eastside. The food isn't terrible, but with the already limited menu, there aren't many vegetarian or vegan options -- and none of them are appealing enough to make B-side worth going to again.
I think the "Meh" of the two-star rating says it all. I've been here twice to dine in the actual restaurant and ordered take-out once. The food can be pretty tasty, but service is sort of hit-or-miss. The chicken & biscuits, while tasty, came out with a single chicken leg and a wee tiny biscuit. The Inca bowl is, in contrast, heartily portioned but bland. The buffalo burger is delightfully juicey and flavorful, but you can skip the soggy and tasteless fries. If you want a nice bar selection, the Jones at least delivers pretty well in that respect. I think this place would be excellent if it just worked a bit, but for now it won't be the first place I think to go.
Our drinks were great and tasty. Our food was delicious, local, and fast. That's right, I said our food came out fast.. maybe they are strarting to get it right. Our server (braided dark hair? I was late, so missed her name) was attentive but not over-bearing. We were a group of 8 and had a great time. Not splitting checks was kind of a pain in the ass (ok, they let us use 4 cards) but that's standard for large parties. Atmosphere A+. We had a great dinner, and I hope they will have more nights like this one.
I ate here on Friday and it was great!  The food and the service was excellent.  I went again today (at like 3pm, so it wasn't even busy) and it was a totally opposite experience.  The server was eh, screwed up my order, forgot to bring things I asked for and kind of just stared at me like I had two heads.  This is my problem with the Jones Eastside as well, way too inconsistent.
I really enjoyed my trip to B-Side.  I got the Shrimp and Grits and I was very impressed.  It has these yummy fried bacon pieces in it that just made my night!  I was very happy with the service.  We had a rather large table but we managed to get seated within 10 minutes of our arrival.  I would definitely recommend this place for a nice sit down meal with friends and family.
I have been a big fan of the original "Jones" off of 23 but it's often very crowded and there are long waits for weekend breakfast.  This morning was the first time I have had a chance to go to the "B-side" for breakfast.  First, I was really impressed with the decor and homey feeling inside.  Plenty of room. We had a very attentive waitstaff.  The choices for breakfast were terrific - too hard to decide.  We settled on the french toast with over-easy eggs, grits (great) and bacon that was hot, fresh and delicious.  The coffee was hot, strong and frequently renewed.  The total was a bit expensive but not totally out of line for what we got.  I can't wait to go back to try more dishes.
I had given up eating at the East Side because of the other diners practically sitting in my lap, so I am happy about this new spot. This place is really good.  LOCAL meats and LOCAL veggies.  The menu is well edited and still has lots of options for any diner.  The food is tasty and well prepared from scratch.  Even the fries are fresh cut, which is hard to find. My only suggestion would be organic ketchup without HFCS.  I can't eat fries that touch HFCS. Overall a great spot.  Enjoy this place for what it is;  a local joint that serves fresh, local foods prepared very well.
It's unfortunate. Even though the food-lover part of me wants to give The Jones an excellent rating, the service really overpowered the savory flavor of their food by leaving a bitter taste in my mouth. I have been to B-side on prior occasions. Maybe it's because the crowd I was with, and the way I was dressed that I was treated decently? I have no idea... but my most recent vist was horrendous. Our waitresses behavior not only lacked professionalism, but was completely abhorrent. I took my family out to B-side after my graduation to celebrate. We had my grandmother with us who is a little hard of hearing. Our waitress was rude and condescending when having to repeat herself over the loud music to my elderly grandmother, and seemed to be annoyed when having to explain the different menu items. My poor grandma was so upset that she had tears in her eyes. I was incensed. I am a complete supporter of local businesses, but I do not believe that just because a business is local and not subject to corporate standards of customer service, does not give a waitress license to behave like a mannerless slob. Maybe it was just our waitress? I had never had her serve me before. Her name was not worth remembering, but she is the tan one with dark hair, and the white swirly gauges. If you get her as your server, I highly recommend requesting another one, if you are aiming to enjoy your time.
I will come back and give it 5 stars once they fine tune it and get it perfected.  All the naysayers leaving bad posts are not supporting this new establishment that will be around for years.  How can you expect a brand new restaurant to be perfect the first 2 weeks it is open? They completely renovated that building that was a piece of crap and it looks and feels great inside. The food is great and the service is great.  They serve great local food and fresh ingredients.  Give it a chance and you will love it.
The staff there was very nice and... well... I really wanted to love this place. It may just be another case of I am ordering the wrong item. My husband ordered the biscuits and gravy with chicken. The eggs were cooked beautifully, the bitter greens tasted fantastic, the gravy was flavorful (but a little sparse), the biscuit was nice, and the chicken was fried perfectly. Neither of us like grits anyhow so the cheesy grits served with it were unremarkable. I ordered the burger and to be honest, I was a little concerned. I ordered the burger medium rare which it was cooked correctly. The texture was strange and reminded me of stringy meatloaf. The meat itself tasted like it had chorizo/pork in it and it left a paprika reddish stain on the bun and plate. The fries were good, but underseasoned. I should have ordered the tacos or the pork chimichanga. I will give this place one more shot, but after striking out at Jones Eastside, I am worried about what I will find at the food truck.
Hello.  First and foremost, I absolutely love the original Jones.  This is why it pains me to give this scathing review.  I'll give you the quick and dirty: Pros- ambience/bar.  More room for activities.  Downtown location. Cons - 1. Service- terribly inattentive. Wrong orders, waitress wasn't there, and for charging for "ultrafiltered" water you'd think they'd be vigilant in refilling it. 2. Payment- I appreciate being able to use credit cards, but the waitress informed us that being able to pay with max 3 credit cards (on our large party) was "standard across the industry" and I cry shenanigans.  I eat plenty of places, I have not run into this problem.  ALSO, I'd like to gripe about a couple other systemic issues: 1.) It's 2012, I can board a plane with just my phone, video chat through my phone across the world, get into my car AND start it without taking my keys out of my pocket...and you're telling me that a.) you can't "transfer the tab" from the bar area to my seat and b.) you can't create separate bills for parties?  Are you serious?   3. Food- I ordered a burger medium, it came well... It's not that hard to make a decent burger, but I feel like they missed the point here as well.  Also it was really salty. Hopefully things will be sorted out, as I do love the Jones establishment.  I also think the new location is promising.  I will not visit any time soon though, as the top is just a few blocks away and has not disappointed me yet.
I have been here twice now and this is like the Jones East-side on steroids.  The decor is trendier and even the art on the wall, which in both locations is for sale, is quite a bit more pricey. The bar at B-Side makes quite a modern statement, at the East-side I have eaten at the counter and I felt almost as if I was in a friend's house watching them make dinner.  Everything about the B-Side is edgier, even the menu seems a little bit more formal.  I am still a fan of the East-side restaurant but I am really glad they opened this one too as it makes it a very convenient option when I visit Gainesville.  There is something for everyone here:  high quality meat dishes, vegetarian, and vegan options and enough of a desert selection that you can even come here just for desert and drinks if you so choose.  They have their own parking lot which makes it very convenient too.  I am thrilled that I now have this great option to eat at in Gainesville, I only wish it was closer to my home so I could come here more often!
We had a really great time here on our first visit. I'm glad I didn't let some of the more negative reviews keep us from trying it. First, I loved the ambiance. Casual, but it could still be romantic if that's what you're looking for. It was a little loud when it filled up, but better than most restaurants in that regard. Second, the bar selections were great. My husband had an excellent martini with goat cheese stuffed olives, my son loved the homemade strawberry basil soda, and I enjoyed the two for one Stumpknocker. Service was spot on. We were in a bit of a hurry which was no problem. Our waitress was the right amount of attentive and very friendly. Third, the food. Their specials sounded great, but we went off the regular menu (which I wish they would put online somewhere!). The poutine with veg gravy was yummy. They had no problem subbing tofu for tempeh in the quinoa entree. I enjoyed it, it was well seasoned and well cooked, although not out of this world. The four stars comes because of the tempeh Wellington which could have used some more time in the oven for sure. The pastry was white, not nicely browned at all. It was still well seasoned though, and the veg on the side was delish. Love that they have a kids menu and my son had no complaints about the CB & J. Overall, it was a solid, enjoyable dining experience and we'll be back. Glad to have an alternative to the old standbys in this town!
Great looking restaraunt.  It was very new so the service was slow, but the food made up for it.  Amazing cauliflower au gratin.   Still dreaming about it.  Meatloaf was fantastic as well.  Can't wait to go back.
There were 5 staff inside the restaurant and about 4 parties, and the wait was 15-20 even for a water refill. While we were there I kept seeing updates to the Facebook page while I'm waiting for a cup of coffee. I think they have the right idea but might be focusing on less important things at this point. If food and service aren't on point, the place is never going to fill up. My boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy, which was boring and tasteless. I had the mahi po'boy which was nice, better with a few squirts of sri racha. I understand they've just opened, and are getting in the swing of things and I hope they get to the point of the eastside shop. Till then, I won't be coming back.
Great food.  Lunch service was solid.  The vegetarian burger had this carnivore begging for more!   A great downtown eatery that should be on most folks "rotation".
