The Sundowner isn't your average strip joint, or so I was told by the person I went with. Going with someone who had significant experience with strip joints in Ontario, this was the one and the only place to go and as such, we decided to go after a day of sightseeing in Niagara. First of all, the Downer is a little off the beaten track - it requires driving or being driven which means getting a cab afterwards unless you miraculously manage to get someone in without them drinking. I'm not sure how well it goes here, we just watched our intake and didn't stick around for too long. As a girl going to a strip joint, i will say this: I have never been stared at more in my ENTIRE life and I was the only woman NOT scantily clad in the joint. Men don't seem to be used to women in strip joints, so if you're a girl and you walk in, be prepared to be leered at a bit and have people stare at you until you sit down and start watching the dancers. I was lucky enough to originally get a seat in what's aptly named, "perv's row", right up against the stage and I scoped the place out. It's what you would expect for a strip joint with a few extras. First of all, the girls are all gorgeous. We came on a Sunday night and it was crawling with ladies, none of them hard to look at. This is something that the Downer is known for. I'm told that they have ladies coming in to dance from all over the world and that its rare that the same set of girls are there from week to week (besides the regulars). Second, on the far side of pervs row, there are circular tables that are used for, lets say, activities that one would not tend to find in another strip joint and are illegal in some places in the states (and possibly Canada as well). I got to witness said activities and let me tell you, they did not disappoint ;) I didn't pay for drinks so I don't remember the price but I do remember being warned about the ATM fees (which Kris has already gone over) so I made sure to bring cash. Of course, as a woman, the main thing that stood out was the cleanliness. This is not a dirty place and after every girl dances, another girl comes out and cleans the pole down - every. single. time. We got moved when a bachelor party came in (and again, more staring at me, go figure) and when we moved back from the stage, we seemed to be surrounded by ladies, which was quite nice. I'm sure if we'd stayed longer, I would have been asked if I wanted a dance. None of them seemed intimidating or ... for lack of a better word, icky. I'd come back here again and am hoping to the next time I go to Niagara. It's a fun  night out for a couple and the scenery won't disappoint. Be prepared to come with money in your wallet and walk out with it much lighter at the end of the night!
My wife and I attended the club last evening.  I was Very Disappointed. I had gone to this place when I was 19 years old, that was 25 years ago.  The place is the same.  They may have had one renovation to create the rooms in the back, but the place is falling apart.   It cannot be for the lack of money, as they charge my wife and I, $30 bucks to enter and then 15 dollars for a half bottle of wine which I can purchase at the liquor store for 5 bucks.  The service was gerbil and the dancers, well let's just say the place needs an upgrade in quality and dancers as well. The girls on stage could not dance at all, they just slowly bounced around.  I mean if any woman did that in my bed room I would laugh.   I thought the place was supposed to provide entertainment, but it is seedy and dated and just down right unpleasant.  The girls dancing next to me were doing a porn movie basically, as the one girl had her tongue buried into the other girls pussy.   Maybe I am just getting old, bit I have been to clubs in Montreal and they have a very upscale and classy feel. I will not return again.  To expensive, lacks class and lacks talented dancers and very expensive.
Ok folks I am gonna go for it. I'm going to put this rolled up 3 star review in my mouth and jump on the Yelp stage and hope I can keep the tongue with the cheek without crossing the inappropriate line. (Oops too late...sigh ok here we go). I'm not one for strip clubs, seriously, I will frequent one about once a year with a large group of guys as "something to do" in a strange town. I really don't get the allure of spending money like its water to get all revved up and have the night go nowhere - seriously I could do that at a Toronto nightclub for a fraction of the cost - well maybe not. However, boys will be boys as they say and the scene at The Sundowner is certainly something to "see". Like any other trip to the rippers there is an excitement that builds as you walk in "cuz ur gonna see neked girls!!!" - sigh oh to be 19 again. These days this excitement lasts about 5 minutes until you remember that spots like these are expensive and that in this scantily clad fairytale land of g-strings and well lubricated dudes there is never a happy ending. This all being said exploring The Sundowner (or 'the Downer') recently was an eye opening experience.... to say the least. Literally. I saw things that that I've never seen before in a strip club. I'll leave it at that (what happens at the peelers stays at the peelers ... and goes on Yelp LOL) Feats of strength, a guy being robbed blind, public beatings .... and I'm only talking about what its like to order a drink at the bar. This entire place is CASH ONLY....and what a smart business model these scammers have come up with (ooooo you sly flesh dealers.... I'm on to your trickery). There is a $10 service fee charge on the ATM for all withdrawals under $100 and if you are feeling particularly randy, the downer is happy to screw you (financially that is) to the tune of a 10% charge for every withdrawal over $100. For those not with "the math" allow me to explain. If you take $100 out of your account at their ATM $110 will magically be removed. That being said, if you are a sucker and want to lose ALL you money, taking $120 out will come with a 10% service fee (meaning it will cost you $12, leaving you $132 shorter).... on a grander scale say you are super lonely and decide "heck its Tuesday afternoon - lets take out $1000". Well friend that 10% charge means $1100 is taken from you account - see where this is going. Yes that's right - the poor house. Amateurs tip - go to the bank before hand if you truly want to spend your hard earned money this way. I walked in with $40 to cover my entrance fee and buy a drink. Sorry candy I will not be going to the "erection section" as she so eloquently put it - Who would have thought these girls were the poets of our generation!! All that being said, for my annual trip to the rip, this place was swell, 2 stages, a basement entertainment area AND another affiliated strip club right next door. JOY.. RAPTURE!! Literally hundreds of wonderfully dressed women (fully clothed of course if my mom is reading this review) ;). I think between them there isn't a ziploc sandwich bag worth of material..... sighhhhhhhh (shakes head)....... ANYWAY...... if you're down for a guys night this might be a great place to make a stop at, but only a stop.... for a couple of minutes....ok maybe for a drink......one more drink...... ok after this next song we'll go..... 5 more minutes..... dude I think she likes me, she says she likes all the same things as me - like pigeons and apples.......... I've seen it all before guys. Stay classy my friends.
They have the hottest girls you will ever see at a strip club ... Reasonable prices for drinks. Costs about 20 bucks for a lap dance, but beware of the ATM fees. You will see a lot of stuff that you won't normally see at a strip club stuff that probably isn't even legal (let's just leave it at that lol) . Great place, if you're trying to decide with strip club to go to in Niagara, Sundowner's is the place.
This place has all of the cons you'd expect from a strip joint: extremely expensive drinks, cover charge, etc. HOWEVER, the pros (not those sort) are really something.  VERY beautiful girls who strip down to absolutely nothing and show it all on stage, the same girls walking around flirting (ya know, like a prostitute flirts), and hot lap dances but there is almost no shot at getting anything extra in the Champagne Room.  For that though, the place nextdoor, Sensations.  I've had several great encounters with some hot pieces there.  It ain't cheap, but the thrill of it is so much more memorable than some pieces of paper.
Great club. Pricey drinks, but you're not there for the drinks. Tons of girls. Some of the girls are kind of pushy.  But great entertainment all around.
