Possibly the nicest staff I have met. I am new in the area one on an extended vacation... They worked with me and I ended up with a great membership package. Nice and open space with enough nooks and crannies to make it feel cozy.  Friendly atmosphere, too.  Everyone seems willing to belay, give pointers in technique and talk fr a bit. Well worth the visit and membership.
Ahhh, home base.  I learned to climb here and still love this place.  They have the best bouldering cave and incline! Ken is a nice guy and the staff are pretty nice and helpful.  Lots of the regulars from my time have gone on to bigger and better things, but it will always be the beginning for me.
I largely learned to climb here and would consider myself an advanced climber. As a member of GRG for five years, I've kept strong enough to hold my own at sport climbing crags and bouldering spots throughout the country. Even stuck in a state without climbing, you can definitely get the workout you need to be a competitive climber thanks to gyms like GRG. And if you've never climbed before, I'd recommend giving GRG a try. You might love climbing, and this is a great place to start! So why only three stars? If you're a more experienced climber (or want to become one) expect to get tired of this place - it is your stepping stone to higher things. For one thing, the membership options are limited and restrictive, with very little forgiveness if you get injured, want to take a month off, or feel like bringing a friend. I've been to plenty of climbing gyms with much more reasonable monthly or pay-per-visit options. And virtually all of them provide guest passes for friends if you're a member. Now for the actual climbing: the toprope routes are not creatively set and are certainly lacking in higher grades (5.10+ and above are very limited). These roped climbs are meant to appeal to beginning climbers and first-timers. The lead climbing is deplorable: only six or seven routes on an overhanging wall, with thuggish and poorly considered clipping stances. And don't bother trying to learn how to lead climb here. Unless you can lead a pumpy 5.10, they won't even let you pass the lead "class," which is not a helpful instruction session. You're much better off learning from friends at a real crag. Add to this a plethora of picky rules (no loose chalk, always spot, tie a backup knot with at least three wraps, guys must wear shirts) and some less-than-friendly attitudes from staff and management, and you have a recipe for eventual burnout at this gym. Just keep climbing the boulder routes: they are set well and get reset frequently enough that you can keep your skills sharp. You'll develop power and technique but not endurance. And it's that technique you're looking for - good footwork, clever movement, creative solutions to boulder problems. You can certainly get that here. Just don't expect good customer service to go along with it. Overall, GRG is a bouldering gym for serious climbers and a toprope funhouse for novices. I wish I could say good things about the customer service and management after being a member for five years, but the word "palatable" is the best I can muster. I'm glad I've moved to a state with real crags so I don't have to get my climbing fix at this lackluster gym anymore. But if you're a climber trapped in Florida, this is the best you've got, so make the best of it - it's pretty okay.
Staff is friendly. Been here only a few times, but from what I can tell their bouldering course is solid. Definitely a lot of regulars come here. Their challenging climbs are very hard, and their easy one is very easy. I hope they put in more intermediate climbs like 5.6 and 5.7 For me, I think the prices are a bit too high, but good for a change of pace or a fun date. I hate their lighting, and it's in a ghettoish part of town. The first time it took us a while to find it, but once you've found it, it'll stick out all the time because it's bright yellow! Overall: Not too bad, I'd love them if they built outdoor climbs but I don't think that will ever happen
I do not know that much about rock climbing so I can not comment on how good the climbs are, but my son loves it and the staff is very friendly and took the time to help me learn everthing I need to know without making me feel like an idiot.  The place is usually pretty busy  so it must be good and they do special event parties.  It is also a great workout.
Nice place. The staff was very helpful and the people inside seemed to be having good climbs.
Great for climbing, very friendly staff and nice atmosphere.  Tuesdays are great for "ladies night" when ladies can climb with gear for $10.
