Second time I've been to The Hyppo, but the first time I've been to the one in G'ville. It didn't disappoint, their popsicles are refreshing and fresh. You can tell they aren't using artificial flavors, and using real fruit. I got Straight-up Strawberry and had it dipped in chocolate, and it was amazing. I was blown away it tasted exactly like a chocolate dipped strawberry. I will definitely swing by after sitting in the sweltering heat of The Swamp. Go Gators! They also have an Orange & Blue popsicle, which is there orange cream popsicle with blueberries.
I literally went to the St. Augustine one and drove to this location the same day! That's how yummy it is. Like seriously, TAKE MY MONEY so I can re-experience it again!! Be forewarned though: the location is hard to find. They are only at a soft opening right now, so there aren't any prominent signs. It is to the right of Mochi on SE 2nd Avenue. Good job on hiring! At both locations, the employees were as sweet and helpful as can be. I was rather sad they did not have pistachio coconut at this location, but the strawberry basil was a nice and light alternative.
I had only seen one gourmet popsicle shop before, and that was NYC. Finding one on our short vacation was a treat. We got the sangria plum and papaya pineapple, and both tasted wonderful. Very refreshing for a hot as heck day. If you're feeling adventurous and love popsicles, go. Bear in mind, it's not your typical sweet shop. This isn't Good Humor, but it's damn good.
Great gourmet ice pops!!! They have flavors that seem a bit odd but they definitely compliment each other. I had the strawberry basil and watermelon hibiscus. It's a great place to bring a friend and try new things.
One word: GO. Usually, when I think of popsicles, I think of Dreyer's (or whatever brand's on sale at the moment).  Less than 5 bucks for a box of four.  Yum, right?  Not after The Hyppo; there is no going back. ...Unless it's to The Hyppo, seeing as how today was my second visit within the week. I got strawberry basil the first time and it was super refreshing.  I went back today with the intention of getting the pineapple cilantro, recommended to me last time by one of the guys who worked there.  However, a different guy was there this time and I got suckered into trying his favorite - the pineapple ginger.  AMAZING.  Two of my favorite flavors. Who knew they'd go so well together???  (But of course, don't get this if you like neither of those things as the popsicles are pretty freakin' true to the real thing).  It even had very fine shreds of ginger, which I appreciated and which gave it some "kick."  Absolute love. My fiance had the raspberry lemonade and then the blackberry lavender lemonade (BLL).  He loved the first, because he likes simple, classic flavors.  Beware of the raspberry seeds though.  The BLL is alright but the lavendar and blackberry tend to overpower the lemonade.  Our tastes differ widely sometimes so it's good to know this place offers enough to suit almost any palette. Yeah, I could probably live at this place.  Good thing I've limited myself to one pop per visit. Info: Each popsicle = $3.50 Each chocolate-dipped popsicle = $4.50 You get a stamp card and when you reach 8, you get the next one free.  (If time is an indication, I should be getting my free one next week.  CANNOT WAIT). They have a small bar-like seating area facing out.  There are only 4 stools so, if the place is busy, you might just need to eat standing up.  NBD. They sell pretty cool t-shirts for $20 and styrofoam coolers for $5. OR you can get the cooler free if you buy 18 popsicles.   ....which might be a reality for me pretty soon... Houston, be jealous.
Great, but price is a little steep. $4.50 for a chocolate dipped Popsicle. I got the key lime dipped in chocolate, and it was amazing! I really appreciate that it was REAL key lime, not lime, but KEY lime. It's a pet peeve of mine, when people make something with regular lime in it, and they think key lime is just a way to give it a cutesy name, when in actuality, there is a huge taste difference between the real thing and traditional limes. Get it with chocolate and it is amazingly similar to a frozen, chocolate dipped pie slice right off the streets of key west. Another con, besides the price, would be the lack of space to sit down and eat your Popsicle. Alas, you must take it to the streets with you, which is great advertising for them, but in the Florida heat they melt rather quickly. They have a lot of unique flavors, some of them a bit too adventurous for me to try, especially with that price tag. The datil pepper strawberry sounds like it might be worth a try, though!
What a nice treat! I actually got a pop for free through a promo but I figured I should review! These pops are SO good. I had a watermelon pop and it was JUST like biting into a frozen slice of melon. They're simple, but that's what makes them gourmet -- no GMO, totally natural pops. Definitely a treat to indulge in!
Cool idea. So many choices. Maybe good to offer a couple of very basic flavors for the little ones.
Epic. Love their aesthetic and their pops are just insane. Love the creativity. Try the mango habenero or pineapple ginger - both a bit spicy. I visit twice a week and don't feel like a fat kid for it. Now you can have your cake and eat it too. Can't wait till we move our offices so it's a 5 minute bike ride. Oh ya, also a great thank you gift - who wouldn't want popsicles in the swamp?
What a simple concept - popsicles. Gourmet popsicles. It reminds me of France. Some are more like sorbet and others are creamy like gelato. The flavors are very diverse - mixes of fruit and herbs, dessert standards (chocolate peanut butter), avocado, all sorts of things. You could take your kids and they can get a more standard flavor while you experiment. Delicious and lovely for this hot and humid climate. The store is minimalist and uber hipster. The staff are friendly and very enthusiastic. And I must mention the pops are GLUTEN FREE! Wheeee! Good for celiacs and gluten intolerant folk. DELICIOUS. (But don't stop going to Mochi, okay? I still love and will frequent Mochi, too!)
Gooo heeere! Such an original and fresh approach to ice creme. They have flavors from cheesecake to Christmas! Clean environment with very friendly and informative staff. Kudos to the owner for a great setup and original idea. 5 stars!
After exploring the hot and new section of yelp ran across the positive reviews of the hyppo. Whilst exploring the downtown area on a Wednesday remembered the hyppo and dropped in. In a great location , nooked away next to mochii , it was not difficult to find. The inside is very nice and simple with a bank of freezers in front and a menu on the wall. After deliberating with my girlfriend on the selection she chose the "straight strawberry". Very delicious Popsicle that lived up to its name. 3.50$ for a Popsicle is spendy but considering the location and the very fresh tasty ingredients it was worth it.
If you like tasty popsicles this is the place to go in town. Lot's of interesting flavors. The staff is really nice.
Of the things I choose to review, I am guaranteed to be most critical of sweets.  I love them dearly and when I choose to cave in and grab a sweet, I usually prefer it be sin in food form.  The Hyppo's Gourmet Ice Popicles give a variety and flavor that might suggest you have something to regret, yet the quality and integrity insure many more follow-ups in the future. The Space Right in the heart of downtown Gainesville next to Mochi and across the road from Dragonfly, Hyppo is ideal for anyone doing anything at practically any time so long as you have managed to find parking already (like any place downtown, street parking or metered are your options for daylight weekdays).  The shop is small and I was told they would be trying to get a little more decoration into the place before a hard opening, but even still you should count on having to leave the shop once you have made your purchase (there are 4 barstools but with any amount of business these would likely be taken or cramped).  Walking in you encounter a long bar of ice chests, each containing different labeled flavors of ice pop and a chalkboard to the upper-right which serves as a consolidated list of every flavor.  Other notable features include 4 barstools facing the window and a cooler with coke, water, and coconut milk for drink options. The Service They were empty when 5 of us (myself included) came in.  This being the case, we were able to ask tons of questions and get a feel for the store.  The team working was very patient, helpful in describing the flavors, and very friendly in general which was ideal.  The main reason this is not a 5-star review is because of two things: 1) They do not sample the popsicles in combination with 2) coming into this store busy, you are guaranteed to not know what some of these items are going to even remotely taste like.  If they get any decent percentage of the foot traffic most downtown places get this will be a concern. The Food I only had two popsicles due to the fact that they are slightly expensive (each is $3.50 and, again, no sampling).  My in-store choice was the Elvis (based on the famous sandwich preferences of the King), only I opted to have my chocolate-dipped. PRO TIP: Dip any popsicle in chocolate for $1 more It was really refreshing and tasted really good, though if you go into this place thinking you are getting an ice cream bar you may not reflect quite as positively on it as others would.  You can tell the integrity of the ingredients is high and the hard shell dip just sealed the deal on the experience of straddling indulgent and tasteful.  When I finished it my mouth was not raw or gross from the processed sugar, but instead I almost felt a since of refreshment from a peanut butter/chocolate/banana bar.  Impressive. My other choice, which I boldly chose to try and take home, was the blackberry cheesecake.  Again, it is important to note that this is not like frozen cheesecake and blackberry concentrate in a bar form, but a balanced combination of good stuff that yielded a really great light cheesecake flavor with plenty of blackberry to create a nice overall blend.  This one was riddled with blackberry seeds and licking it was kind of rough on my tongue after a point, but even still it was better than the Elvis and I would trust any fruit/Cheesecake pop they have to be equally delightful. Final Thoughts The space is not going to be conducive to any level of busy.  If they maintain 2-3 groups at any given time you will feel kind of lost because you may not get to clearly see the flavor options in the chests or have them explained (the chalkboard is nice, but without being told are you going to buy the "Black Goat?")  It would be one thing if there were a sampling process you could engage at the counter (like with ice cream shops) but there is not, so even with explanation your adventurousness will need to be high to opt for some of, perhaps, the better popsicles. They currently do not have to-go containers that accommodate for temperature, so be prepared to race home if you want one to-go. Mine was very lightly melted and I had basically blasted it with A/C until I arrived home. I look forward to seeing some of the changes discussed with the manager during my visit so that I may update this review with even more positives and definitely will be visiting again the next time I am in the area.
It's easy to miss this place if you aren't looking for it (it's right next to Mochi downtown).  I was a little skeptical at first -- what could be gourmet about a popsicle? But I'm so glad I gave it a try!  My favorite is the Pear Riesling but I also tried my boyfriend's (Elvis and Mango Champagne, I think).  I like them all, but I could eat 100  Pear Riesling ice pops.  I could tell it was made with fresh fruit (and wine!).  The entire experience was perfect and refreshing.  The ice pops are a little pricey ($3.50), but definitely worth it.
Gainesville just got awesomer! Delicious Popsicles perfect for the coming summer weather! I had the pineapple cilantro and while it may not be everyone's cup of tea, I enjoyed it and it was very refreshing. Can't wait to try all the other flavors!
I've had about 15 different flavors and every one of them becomes my new favorite. These popsicles are a nice treat after dinner or a nice healthy refreshment in the middle of a sunny day. I wish it was more visible to the community. And, also, bigger. The sitting is only set up so that one, maybe two, parties can lounge. But that may be a good thing because if you stick around long enough you may end up getting more than one of the eclectically flavored popsicles! And they are a bit pricey! You must try them ;-)
Just what I needed on a hot summer day!  I ordered the bluberry cinnamon and was extremely happy with it.  It was very refreshing, light and delicious.  A bit on the expensive side ($3.50).  Hope they expand to Tampa/St. Petersburg!
So yummy! If anyone is familiar with Loco Pops in NC, it is just like that. Fresh ingredients and innovative flavors. Have gone so many times already.
all i can say is...peanut butter dipped in chocolate...yummmmmmm.
