A true hidden gem in Gainesville, easily my favorite spot to take guests. The interior is not fancy at all, but the food is delicious and the owners truly care about their guests. Head in on Sunday for the best selection and remember that they only serve 11-2!
Being raised in a Filipino house, Philippine Express is that home away from home while up here for college. I usually go here after 11:30 AM Mass and sometimes most of the food is gone but there always seems enough for me and my friends. They always give us more than enough portions which includes rice and meat. The bistec and menudo is my favorite. Sometimes they also have kare kare (NUMBER ONE FAV!!!). The atmosphere is just right especially if you're used to the whole Filipino atmosphere. They either have the Filipino channel on or a movie. It really just reminds me of home!
I used to frequent this place a lot in college when I missed mom's cooking. It is a oriental store as well as a small restaurant with just a few tables. The food is good. Prices are ok, a little steep for what it is but most small places like this have inflated prices. What I love most is that the staff is very friendly.
This grocer is so small and so difficult to find but well worth it!!! It's not like there's a Filippino Grocer on every corner. If not for this store, I'd likely have to go to Orlando!! I did not eat here but rather shopped my little tush off. Boxed, canned, refrigerated, frozen and fresh food can be found here. They make good use of the small space that they have. Every corner space is taken up. I purchased all kinds of items and can't wait to cook them all. I'll have to wait to buy frozen food (preferably the fish--all kinds) until I bring an ice chest. Oh! The prices are SO reasonable. The shop owners are also very pleasant and helpful. Don't be intimidated by the food as they are more than willing to answer all you questions.
Small, hard to find Philippine grocery store with a small eatery. We bought a few items from the grocery store on a Saturday afternoon but the owner said they only serve food on Sundays and Tuesdays now. I will provide a further review and adjust the rating once we're able to try some of their dishes. From the pictures in store and on Yelp, they look good!
This restaurant is just...spot on. The owner was very welcoming and even offered my boyfriend and I some hot and sour soup. We ate that along with chicken and mushrooms with rice. We also shared a can of coke. For as simple as all of that sounds, it was exquisite! The atmosphere was so cozy and relaxed, and the food was delicious and exotic (but not too exotic...my picky eating, cheeseburger-loving beau devoured all of it)! The price was only $11 for both of us. We will be going back to try the Halo Halo...highly recommended. One of my favorite spots in Gainesville. :)
What a great little place. I went here for lunch today and loved it. (Sunday 11 AM) We watched the movie the Campaign  on the TV with some people who seemed to be regulars, and it was perfect, I have never laughed so hard with total strangers while out to eat. What an awesome chill atmosphere, where the regulars and staff are really welcoming. The food is very very good. I had the adobo pork and the pork noodles with white rice. Me and my girl ate every bit till we were completely stuffed and have felt good all day since. The Halo Halo was one of the most exciting and delicious things I have ever  tried. Love the Philippine lemonade pouches too, incredible. I can't wait to come back and try something new.
Tried this place at the beginning of the year as soon as Coty S. recommended it to me. When I went, the place was empty. I had trouble finding it because there wasn't even a single car in front of it. Hopefully more people see these Yelp reviews and decide to give this place a try. Once they try it, they'll see why this place should stay. It's a Filipino store/restaurant that serves several different dishes daily from Tuesday to Sunday. They were closed Monday when I first tried to go. From what I hear, Sunday is the day to go because they get a new shipment of things and make all these different dishes. Came here a couple of times and it's been empty everytime (except when I met Coty S. by chance.) The Adobo Chicken is really good. The ribs are decent, but I prefer the Adobo Chicken. The Adobo Chicken is a savory chicken dish with potatoes, but it has bones in it, so just a heads up. They serve it to you on a big plate with rice. It also comes with a can of soda (some sodas will cost extra). The rice is unlimited too I believe. Everytime I ran low on rice, the guy would just ask me if I wanted more. (They apparently give you soup with your lunch too...never remembered that). All of this for around $5! The market is pretty cool, but I was unfamiliar with many of the items present. They had a lot of asian staples too. The couple working there is real awesome and really tried to make me feel like family.
Filipino cuisine in Gainesville, YES! The location is tucked away in the back of a nicely shaded office complex, just West of Royal Park.  I was taking my husband over to Mega Comics and noticed their sign at the end of the plaza, in very small font.  I just had to make an effort to go inside.  The owner is very welcoming and happy to explain any of the dishes or grocery items. Once you enter the location, it is very cozy and casual.  The right half is a grocery store and the left half is a hot food counter and seating.  Mostly a lunch only place, and they start serving around 11:00.  I recommend getting here early because the space is small and I have seen the parking in front get crowded.  There are photos of dishes posted on the back wall as well as the cafeteria style dishes in front of you.   The food here is excellent, from my experience.  Even better than the beloved Mama Meena's in Queens that everyone raved about (yelp.com/biz/mama-meenas…).  The food at Philippine Express just tastes fresher, comforting, and more homemade.  The Chicken Adobo is tangy and bright, pairing well with the chewy clumps of warm rice.  You just want to drink the sauce. I cannot wait to come back and try their noodles and lumpia.
This place has a lot of potential. My friend and I got there areount 12:30 and almost all of the food was gone. All that was left was a little bit of adobo ribs. This tasted fine except I noticed a patrone that was there before us had a lot more. I don't know if they ordered extra or I just paid full price for half a dish. This is out of the way for me and I don't think i will go out of my way to come back.  But It seems like the real deal for Philipino cuisine.
Have you been hungry but can't decide what to eat? Are you in the mood for an adventure but not too crazy? Girl, give the Philippines a whirl! This is the second time I've been here this week. I've never had Filipino food before. Today, I had the coconut milk chicken with squash, string beans and green pepper otherwise known as Ginataan ng manok. Don't even ask me how to say that! I can't even pretend. How shall I describe it? First, I would like to note that I hardly EVER order a dish with chicken on the bone. I just don't. Too much work. I'm glad I went out of my box though. The meat melts off the bone and into you mouth. This dish is FRESH AND LIGHT with a beautiful, brilliant yellow base and slivers of green highlights. I imagine if butter could be healthy, it would be this squash. There is the perfect amount of green peppers--a little, for a splash of flavor. It's NOT a curry! It's not spicy, it's not hot. It's not sweet. It's a little less than mild. I like that because I didn't feel like they were hiding something from me. You.know.what.I.mean. (O_o) It's a perfect dish for those days where you want to change it out and up but not too far from your comfort zone. And surprisingly great on a hot day. Also, there's no msg!   On top of that, it's a very friendly, sweet, small mom and pop's cafe/market. You can taste the love in the food. Please don't get discourage because it may look empty. Remember don't judge a book by its cover. On both my visits, I sat there for about 1.5 hours. From what I noticed, a lot of their patrons eat and go AND are Filipinos which is a good indicator in my book. It's buffet style and the menu ALWAYS changes based on what they have. There's ALWAYS 6 dishes to choose from. 1 dish, rice and a beverage is $5.45. 2 dishes, rice and a beverage is $6.95. It's ONLY open from 11 am - 2 pm and closed on Monday. As I understand it, on Sundays, they have a bigger spread as most of their patrons come out that day. Another thing I like about this place is you can see the kitchen. I also recommend their pan-fried Milk Fish with white rice. At first glance, it looks lonely, boring and insufficient. I politely asked if it came with anything else, like any sauce. She chuckled and handed me this Filipino vinegar and told me to lightly pour it over my fish and rice. Reluctantly, I did as her custom. Yes, you eat the whole fish. It's sounds weird and looks SIMPLE but surprisingly delicious and filling. I left both times more than satisfied and not feeling like gross comatose. I'm happy about my new and unique discovery.
I am a sucker for ethnic foods. After seeing the other reviews for this hole in the wall, I had to try. Food. Excellent. Had Adobo Pork over white rice. I got there really early and they were still setting up. As he was finishing my order, another dish came out. I couldn't keep my eyes off of the beef noodle dish (Pancit) and asked how much a small side would be. He dished me up a cupful and said he would charge me for the two side meal. A very reasonable solution. The noodles were very thin and had a lot of flavor, I believe there was micro strips of cabbage in it along with carrots. The white rice was white rice, except it had the delicious braising sauce from the adobo poured over it. The tender adobo fell off the bone and was extremely flavorful. It reminded me a lot of some Latin foods I haven't experienced in Gainesville. Price I didn't pay too much attention, but I think an entree and rice is 5 bucks. I am 98 percent sure it was 5.50 with a drink. Would you rather have frozen bread balls with spicy sauce at a Chinese takeout, a mystery burger at the arches or some homestyle food for the same price? Location/Facilities It is an unassuming hole in the wall. You would never know it is there if i wasn't for the yelp reviews. Old but clean. Staff The owner and his wife were staffing the store. I told him he had some really great reviews on yelp, which brought on the biggest smile. We had a short conversation where he introduced himself as Rene(sp?) and shook my hand. Hours Lunch only!! If I didn't enjoy the food and family...errr staff.... so much, I would knock off for this atrocity. They take credit cards which also makes up for it. My grandfather ran a restaurant similar to this, but of my ethnicity in NY for 30 years. He knew many of his customers for years and this remind me of his restaurant. I felt like I was getting my lunch from one of my friends parents, not a restaurant.
As a half Filipno, I knew I had to check this place out. My mom came to town and I took her there so she could rate its authenticity. It is a very small store located on Newberry Road, in the strip containing the comic store. It is alll the way in the back, be careful not to miss it! Unfortunately, when we came there didn't seem to be food for sale (I think maybe it's just lunch). They serve adobo, sinigang, sisig, lumpia, fried fish and halo halo. If anyone wants a descirption on any of those, just message me. The store was sooo small, but it was really Philippine based, which is rare. They had quail eggs, mung bean hopia, ube hopia, ube ice cream, ensaymada, polvoron, pan de sal.... it was like being in the Philippines again! The owner was nice, chatted with my mom for a good amount of time. OH, and the best news is that they sell the balikbayan boxes there so you can ship goods to your Philippine family back home for less than $100! I'm glad to have this place in Gville (the owner told my mom they had been there for 2 years already!) but only 3 stars due to small size and no food available when we came. May adjust rating when food is sampled...
I love Yelp.  I love Yelp because Yelp helps me find awesome off-the-beaten-path food to try.  Like Philippine Express! This morning, after a night of dinner plans gone wrong and driving down state road whatever in the dark, I woke up thinking, "I'm totally gonna eat this Halo Halo I keep hearing about."  So I showed up at Philippine Express around 11:30 and freaked out the clerk, freaked him out further by announcing that I was hungry and that I wanted food, and then REALLY stepped in it by asking for halo halo (that's when both he AND his mother gave me the WTF face).  They tried to fend me off ("It's too early!  It's still cold outside!  Are you sure?") but nothing doing--I wanted it and I was gonna have it! We discussed lunch.  He pointed out the adobo chicken, the beef stew, and the ... pork with something.  I thought I heard him say "pork with salted shrimp" which struck me as a strange combination and ultimately turned out to be nothing of the sort.  It was more like big pieces of salt pork with fat on and bones in, in a stewed tomato sauce.  It reminded me of oxtail.  It was delicious.  Mmmm, comfort food.  And then the big bowl of halo halo emerged and we all had a good laugh about that.  I got through about half of it before throwing in the towel, but that's okay. Super-yummy and mighty cheap.  If I hadn't had the dessert lunch would been less than $6, which is absolutely ridiculous. Coming back for sure. 4.25 stars.
Finally got back here! Indeed a 4 star spot. I arrived after lunch, a bit after 2 pm so I ordered the only thing they had left - Adobo spare rib. Very tasty, and my only wish was that they had more of the adobo sauce left over to go over the rice. I had my first Halo Halo as well. This is really my new favorite dessert. The assortment of jellies, beans, fruit, condensed milk, all over shaved ice is refreshing and satisfying.
Don't be thrown off by it's location hidden in one of the city's older shopping centers. It's truely a rare find to discover this unique cuisine. I walked into the restaurant to be greeted by a harmonious welcome from the family who owns and runs the establishment. It definitely is a charming mom & pop restaurant typical of other Filippino establishments I have visited in other big cities. There is the little mini market to the right stocked with yummy Asian treats & beauty products and to the left the cafe & dinning area. The food is fresh, authenic and tasty as if I was eating a family receipe passed down from generations. I had the pork adobo with white rice,lumpia and pancit,which I give everything two thumbs up with a smile and a full belly when I left. Recommend you get there early if possible because they may run out of some food items if you get there too late. Also excited to try the Likas Papaya herbal soap I purchased from their market section. Definietly a great place to try if you're looking to be adventurous and expose your palate to a delightful trip overseas through their yummy Flippino cusine.
I love this place. You need to know that it is very small, family run, and has a very limited selection. However, the food is authentic Philippine food, and it tastes amazing. The prices are very reasonable. The family who run the place are very friendly. The atmosphere is extremely casual, but warm and inviting. This is a place I will return to time and time again. I love the adobo dishes, the pancit, and I had a great pork and vegetable stew the last time I was in.    Keep in mind that it is only open for lunch. The best selection of foods will be on Sundays.
I was visiting my friend at Gainesville for a few days and today we decided to eat Filipino cuisine. I'm from Georgia and he just moved here from Chicago but we both grew up in the Philippines. As a reflex, I checked yelp to find a place and to check the reviews. -Service It was a fast food type of place so you'd have to order from the counter and then they will serve it to you. The ones who were serving were the owners and they were very nice to us. As you enter they would greet you and let you know what's on the menu for today. -Food We arrived in the said place around 1pm and there were only 4 choices left: adobo, menudo, tinola-like chicken soup and dinuguan. My friend got adobo and i had the diniguan. For 4.99 you get a viand, rice and a drink pretty good deal if you ask me but don't expect a big portion but it's enough to quench your hunger. as i was leaving they were cooking palabok which was a to go order...hmmm.. yummy! -Place Its a combination of a grocery and fast food at the same time. In the grocery area you get a variety of typical Filipino items that a local pinoy would look for. I would recommend this to fellow Filipinos. thank you po! keep up the good work!
I really dont agree with the 3 star ratings here, BECAUSE THIS IS THE ONLY FILIPINO RESTAURANT  IN TOWN......Its as market and a Point and eat restaurant, Sundays have the best selection of food. They Cater filipino dishes, owners are friendly/helpful.  They dont ignore anybody that comes into the store. Filipino channel up and running while you eat. I wish they would adopt me.
pretty good food. had pork adobo yum :) slow service
Per Coty's recommendation here on Yelp, I stopped in at Philippine Express for lunch. Though mainly an ethnic grocery for Filipino food, they serve lunch from 11:00am to 2:00pm Tuesday through Sunday. Each day they'll cook up three or more dishes common to the Philippines; today they had a spare-rib dish, a mushroom chicken dish, and a fish dish. Each is served with rice and they have canned soft drinks you can buy. This approach is much like a Hawai'ian plate lunch. The seating is simple, just a few tables and chairs in a corner of the shop with a television playing Filipino soap operas. You can also get food to go. The food however was wonderful, perfectly cooked and ample portions. The man and woman behind the counter, whom I presume are the couple who own the place, are very warm, welcoming, and helpful in explaining their food if you're not Filipino. I will certainly be back and am elated we have this great addition to Gainesville!
