Wonderful ice cream, especially on "flavor nights". The embodiment of a proper ice cream shop, Sweet Dreams is always a wonderful treat and a guaranteed stop on any tour of Gainesville. Favorites are the house chocolate, cookies and cream, as well as their concoctions using Swamphead beers.
Great Ice Cream, good bang for your buck, awesome customer service. We went in on a thursday night, and the two girls behind the counter, and the two employees behind the counter, a nice blond and brunette, did everything they could to ensure that we had a great experience. We had the rose and love sick ice creams after sampling many different flavors. The ice cream was very well flavored. We also had a coffee that tasted quite good. The only knock on this place is the paradox of choice that the customer is faced with when walking in. The flavors are all over the place so you will need to sample several before making the choice. Try the rose if you want something simple and sweet.
Everyone raves about this place and it does live up to the hype sometimes, but I haven't found it to be that amazing. Good place, good ice cream.
As a frequent customer over the years I have been able to overlook the obvious filth and general uncleanliness but the quality of their ice cream has really gone down. This last visit will be our last, unfortunately, and we will no longer be recommending this place to anyone here. We were told by staff that there is a mandated "ratio" that has been implemented  to save money when we complained about their milkshake tasting like a glass of semi-cold watery milk. Literally it was waterier than a glass of milk. Their ice cream has also taken on a watery, flavorless quality. Everyone in our group agreed that the milkshake was inedible and watery and the ice cream was bad and that it used to be better. For ice cream in Gainesville there are other great options: Karma Cream makes great organic ice creams, The Gelato Co. is also delicious, Mochi, SweetBerries, D'Lites for soft serve, are also decent options.
I've been to many custom gelato/ice creameries from NYC, Denver, Chicago Alaska, and Cincinnati, and this is definitely on par!  But that isn't why I'm reviewing Sweet Dreams.  I first went there in 2004 when I lived in Gainesville.  2004 was a harrowing year, here in Gainesville.  Late in the year, there were 4 hurricanes, and one (Ivan) even turned around and had a second chance.  This was when Sweet Dreams made their attempt at a viable business in Gainesville.  I talked to someone I assumed was one of the owners and couldn't believe their horrible luck, opening an ice cream shop in the midst of the WORST hurricane season in Gainesville's recent history. At the time, we went for a week without power, and in September, that sucked (Thanks Frances?!).  But we got craft Ice Cream with a smile.  That was special.   Second time I've been back to Gainesville since I graduated in 2005, and I'm amazed/astounded that this (then) new place is still surviving/vibrant.  Good for you!  With the transient nature of restaurants in this town, I'm glad I can find you right where you were when I left.  Kudos.
Ice cream is fantastic.  Plenty of size options so you can get multiple flavors.  Service was dull but quick.  No interaction.  Felt like you were expected to know the menu.
I am addicted to their house chocolate ! Hmmm hmmm hmmm Mix it up with their salted caramel Oh so good
Really wonderful flavor combinations.  They were unique but made sense to the palette.  I had "I'm living on Chinese rocks", which was double coffee and bourbon with chocolate "rocks".  The ice cream tasted pure and simple.  The waffle cones were homemade but a but thick and therefore not as crispy as I prefer.  Worth a stop.
Really good traditional ice cream but the cleanliness of the place could be a lot better
Absolutely Fantastic. Price point is spot on and the flavors were great! Did I mention that all of the flavors are homemade? Is it the best I've ever had? No. Top 3? Most Defiantly!
My first experience was okay. Disappointed in the bland flavors and the confusing pricing. Took my mother from out of state and a friend and even they were confused. My experience: got a waffle cone that was WAY too sweet with 2 scoops. Cone immediately started dripping every where- from the bottom tip to little cracks in it. Was very messy and had to eat it very fast. Very disappointed. Flavors I chose was Italian Coffee and Vanilla Chai. Italian coffee wasn't anything special. Regular, reliable, coffee flavor. Could barely taste the Vanilla Chai. My mom got some waffle cone with two scoops but it cost more? Not sure why but she had no problem with hers. She loved hers. My friend got one scoop of mint chocolate in a cup. Said it was very bland. Overall, I'm willing to give them another try but I might try another flavor and not a cone.
Sweet Dreams has, hands down, the best ice cream I have tried in my entire life.   To start, the ice cream is hand-made.  They use legitimate ingredients and have a huge amount of control for variability and uniqueness in flavors because of this.  From incredible traditional flavors like their "House Chocolate" to more unique spins, such as the "Guinness" (and yes, I do mean the beer), you are guaranteed to find something that will make you feel as though they made such a perfect flavor with you specifically in mind. Service has always been appropriately quick and friendly, they allow you to sample without starring you down in the process, and the place just smells heavenly from the waffle cones being made throughout the day. As far as take-home, you can get pints and quarts of any flavor you choose, so long as they actually have that flavor available (most flavors are rotated to something new once one runs out). In short: if you have not given this place your business, do so before you miss out.
Always my go-to for ice cream. Love the exotic flavors and fresh waffle cones. The theme days are awesome too (chocolate day, etc) and I always make sure I never miss out.
Hands down best ice cream I've ever put in my mouth.  The Rosemary ice cream was so delicious and refreshing.  There are always new flavors to choose from.  Some funky flavors and some more traditional.  The staff is very friendly.  I love this place!
This is it!  Look no farther. Great prices, luscious flavors from standard to creative Thai Sticky Rice. Friendly staff, different sizes of cups and cones, very generous in portions. Ice cream is delicious, home made, they also have some sherbets. Seating inside and out. Great for every age group and families.
My favorite favorite favorite Ice cream in Gainesville!! Overflowing with personality and charm...and great ice cream, of course. Their flavors range from very basic to adventurous (think lavender, Guiness, and chocolate with peppers!!) It's all hand made in house, with real ingredients. They even make their own waffle cones, so of course it smells divine. Don't bother with any other ice cream shop, go right for the good stuff.
I have been all over the damn place, and I haven't found anywhere that compares to Sweet Dreams.  Not in San Francisco or LA, not in Tokyo (though I did have a rockin' sweet potato sundae at Jonathans in Shibuya...), and not anywhere in Brazil.  Nowhere else in Florida, for sure.   Sweet Dreams is one in a million. Who else innovates like this?  Outside of haute cuisine restaurants, where else can you find someone pushing the envelope so hard?   I remember with almost painful detail how good their Crazy Flavors night was.  I'm a huge dork so I took notes.  Sweet Rice, Lavender Blueberry Honey, Sangria...they knocked my socks off.  There were misfires, sure, but it was all in the name of the culinary adventure.  Sweet Dreams is on a quest, and you've got to be intrepid to tag along. I can't recommend Sweet Dreams enough, if you care about exploring what your taste buds can do.  I'm visiting Gainesville for the first time after four years, and this place is at the absolute top of my list.
Sweet dreams of you Every night I go through Why cant I forget you and start my life anew? Instead of having Sweet Dreams about you.- Patsy Cline I am not sure how long Sweet Dreams has been in Gainesville, I was introduced to it a year ago by my dreamy boyfriend and it has become our little sweet tooth satisfier ever since. With its giant two scoop plastic ice cream cone out front, and its simple but comfortable interior , this place isnt all about marbled flash its all about the ice cream. They have root beer floats, and chocolate and vanilla, but they also pride themselves on reimagining the flavors and making something so simple as a scoop of ice cream into an adventure for your taste buds. You can sample any flavor, and you will want to sample them all! the tough part is deciding , and the fun part is combining!! Im in love with the Salty Caramel, its not always there, and for that I thank them, it allows me to try other flavors!! They also have fruit sherbet, chocolate covered bananas AND chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick. They carry ice cream cakes as well. You can get floats, boats, sundaes, one scoop, two scoops, three. You can take a pint home (like I did last night) and know that you are A) supporting a local business and B) eating fresh ingredients that this local business takes serious pride in. The staff is always always so friendly!! And the prices are crazy cheap for the amount and the quality you are getting. Go there, try every flavor!!
The flavors to chose from are unique, but they also taste great. No complaints. Great little place. A must have!
This is the real deal - gourmet ice cream, locally made and locally owned.  You cannot compare what they do to any chain.  The owners are committed to running the shop and cooking up new flavors.  I had the hazelnut and pumpkin pie ice creams last night, and the pumpkin pie was absolutely stunning. The festivals they throw a few times a year are a really neat opportunity to try a lot of flavors.  Great place for kids too, the place is full of toys and games. G'ville is a big ice cream town, and there are certainly many new frozen yogurt options.  But don't be fooled.  When you are in the mood for real ice cream, you know where to go.
Great ice cream, great flavors, great staff and great prices. What else do you need? They regularly rotate new and exciting flavors, and host different themed ice cream days, which is always awesome. Support great local businesses, do yourself a f(l)avor, and get an ice cream cone from this place.
This is truly excellent ice cream. While they have sorbets and various other frozen treats (all homemade here), the pure, true ice cream is the star. Every flavor I have tried is marvelous, creamy, natural tasting, subtle, never overwhelming, lucious. And before or after you visit Sweet Dreams, stop by Goerings and buy a book. For crynig out loud, two good things so close together -- why not support both of these local businesses? I only say that because I love good bookstores, and we have very, very few of them. Just like great homemade ice cream, a great home-town bookstore is well worth having.
Gainesville, I have left you 2 years ago, but everyday I regret my decision because I have not found anything close to the awesomeness of Sweet Dreams ice cream. To Sweet Dreams, Please open a location in Orlando?! This is a frozen yogurt wasteland. Love, A girl desperate for some amazing ice cream
The once almost great Sweet Dreams is far from what it used to be.  After visiting on multiple occasions since my last review it never quite got as good.  Last time the ice cream was all fluff. My "Mint Chocolate Chip" had so much overrun and unbalanced flavor that it has devolved into low-end, grocery store levels.  It deserves all the prestige of Blue Bell...seriously.  Blue Bell is the brand that immediately drew the point of reference.  Sigh. "Going out for ice cream" will now entail a long haul (though certainly a more worthwhile one) to the Haagen-Dazs store;  where, despite gas prices and time of commute, my money and time are still better spent.  Sure I won't get the more "esoteric" flavors; but most of them never really hit their mark anyway (and a few were flat-out train wrecks).   For me it's over.
Really great flavors,  they change all the time! People are nice, cool atmosphere. Love it here
Everything I've gotten here was amazing!!! Decently priced, delicious, and conveniently located.
Stopped in here for some dessert after eating at Red Robbin. The flavor selection was pretty decent although there were some flavors I really didn't care for, such as the chocolate with sweet rice and the one everyone seems to like, the Mayan Chocolate. I didn't like the spicy after taste of the Mayan chocolate but, to be fair, I am not a fan of chocolate ice cream to begin with. I sampled the cotton candy and instantly knew that this was the flavor I wanted. The flavor was very accurate and the ice cream it self was nice and rich too. There were a few other flavors that I didn't sample but looked pretty good though. Next time I am in Gainesville I will try to make it a point to stop in and try those other flavors.
This time around, I wasn't too impressed by their flavors. The maple walnut was just o-k and I was kinda put off by the server's stern warning that I could only have 3 samples. Pffffttt. Karma Cream is better!
Since I have moved back to Gainesville and visited this location multiple times, my opinion has totally changed.  Their creative flavors are updated weekly and I have attempted to try them all.  No matter how strange, they always taste delicious.  I think this is mostly due to the high quality of ingredients. I always B-line for any of their rice flavors, be it rice pudding, Thai sticky rice, etc.  Last night the Thai Sticky Rice reminded me of the dessert I used to order at one of my favorite Thai restaurants.  Creamy ice cream with Jasmine rice, coconut, and banana with a hint of lime.  They also had Kulfi with pistachio, which was a first time sighting. Sweet Dreams is definitely crave-worthy!
I'm only leaving 4 stars as a formality. I came here the other day for the first time. Call it an unfair assessment or whatever you want, but considering the number of reviews and the rating, I don't think I'm helping or hurting them that much. The selection of flavors didn't seem that great on this visit but from other reviews it sounds like this is hit or miss. I thought I was "settling" for Brown Sugar Toffee because of the lack of enticing flavors, but it blew away my expectations. So much flavor! If I have another similar(or better) experience you can bet this will turn into 5 stars. I did find it funny that the ice cream cone out front is chained down. I'm assuming it was stolen at least once and if not, they need to remove the chains so it will happen and I can laugh at the story in the Gainesville Sun.
Unique ice cream flavors and great service will help you to have sweet dreams! I was introduced to Sweet Dreams by a friend when I was visiting Gainesville last week.  They specialize in unique flavors of home made icecream (and to a lesser extent sorbet).  I tried the Kufi (rosewater, cardamon and pistachios) along with Mint Chocolate Chip.  The Kufi was delish and perfectly flavored and the Mint Chocolate Chip was good although nothing outrageous.    Service here is great as well and they offer Root Beer on tap which is pretty awesome for an ice cream parlor.  I would recommend giving this place a try if you find yourself in Gainesville for any reason.
Visit Date: 03.16.2010 I like original ice cream flavors, thus I'm glad I was finally able to find and hit up the Sweet Dreams store after trying their ice cream from their on-the-go truck months back. I had the Green Tea Jasmine and the Mango Coconut, both tasty choices. The prices are affordable as well. It seems like they tend to change their flavors from time-to-time, thus your favorite flavor might not always be around, which is a downside.
Probably the best  ice cream that Gainesville has to offer... though the Dairy Store at MSU is proving to be a tough competitor. With flavors such as Blueberry Pie, Guava and Cheese, Mojito, and Watermelon and Basil, you cannot go wrong. They have unique flavor combinations for all sorts of palates. I have personally tried the 4 flavors described above. My favorite being a tie between the Blueberry Pie and the Guava & Cheese. The Blueberry Pie is a berry explosion in your mouth with delicious bits of pie crumb. The Guava and Cheese has guava flavored jelly with cream cheese. It's basically like your typical Cuban guava and cheese turnover except without the turnover. Gotta love it! This is a average sized ice cream store and is very family friendly. They have booths as well as outside seating. The writing style of the ice creams on the black board is just as funky as the flavors they make. All flavors are made with local ingredients which is awesome! I fully take pleasure in supporting the local scene, especially when it comes to food. Sweet Dreams also has sorbet options for those who are lactose intolerant or vegan. The Mojito and Watermelon & Basil sorbets are refreshing options to eat on a hot summer day in Gainesville. Do not leave the Gainesville area without having some ice cream from Sweet Dreams. As a former Haagen Daz employee, Sweet Dreams is by far the greatest ice cream there is in the state of Florida.
I remember going here on a few occasions while I was in Gainesville, particularly during my last 2 years at UF. I first tried the ice cream there during a club fundraiser my friends and I were involved in and we did a little promo with sweet dreams to earn some funding. Although there weren't that many people there than day (it was one of the coldest days in January), I'm still glad that it's doing well, even though I haven't been to Gainesville in a little while. Their ice creams are very unique and tasty, the place has a very homey atmosphere (which I loved), and last time I went there, they had board games you could play while you ate! I also liked the fact that they made the ice cream themselves and they changed flavors very frequently. I'm usually very picky with ice cream because I make my own every other week and I can't stand the boxed stuff in the supermarket and many ice cream parlors. Yet I could tell the ice cream at Sweet Dreams was the real deal.  I agree with another Yelper that Sweet Dreams nailed the chocolate ice cream. Simply scrumptious stuff!
This has quickly become my favorite place to get dessert in town. With a wide selection of amazing ice cream, it's really hard to go wrong. During most evenings, the place is bumping with couples, families, visitors and just a great mix of people coming in for some creamy goodness. One of my favorite things about the place is that, except for standards like chocolate and vanilla, you're going to find a different mix of flavors every time you walk in the door (and they won't scream a disingenuous hello like at Coldstone.) I've had cinnamon honey, salty Mexican caramel, chocolate strawberry field, blueberry cheesecake, and about a dozen other flavors that are wonderfully creative and deliicous. They are happy to let you try anything and prices are more than reasonable (especially a pint...level some off there, take the rest home and chow down on the couch tomorrow.) If there is any downside it's that the place is sort of messy. Typically the seating area is well-maintained, but a look behind the counter yields piled up dishes, overly ripe bananas, and clutter. However, the good karma and great ice cream more than make up for a few dirty scoops. This is a place we drag most out-of-town friends to and whole-heartedly recommend.
We decided to forgo dessert at Ember's and instead head over for some homemade ice cream. Sweet Dreams is a locally owned and operated business serving homemade ice cream. There was a good variety of flavors to choose from. I went with the two mini scoops of stracciatella and cookies and cream. This was a great combo. The ice cream was rich, creamy and delicious! I plan to return on my next trip out.
This is a solid icecream place.  They have flavors you don't normally see at traditional at ice cream places.  They also dont get caught up on the toppings and dont charge by weight so thats a plus. The place has a fun atmosphere with board games.  It is also a great place to grab a cone on the go.
Absolutely great, you will not regret coming here. Their honey lavender ice cream is my dream come true!!
Ice Cream for Adults (and kids). Sweet Dreams is not your average ice cream shop.  Here the 24 flavors of homemade ice cream are as creative as they are delicious.  Offering adult concoctions such as Black and Tan (actual Guinness and Bass), Balsamic Strawberry and Spicy Maya Chocolate, as well as great "G" rated classics like Cookies and Cream and Cotton Candy Bubblegum, this small shop has something for everyone. It's the perfect stop after a lunch at Mi Apá Latin Café, one of our favorite strip mall gems just around the corner. Cone/cup:   Small (not so small) $2.90   Double $3.26
Oh, baby. This is the motherload. So, for a long time I had a ritual of grabbing ice cream from here every Sunday after dinner to take home and watch Mad Men with. Mad Men went on a hiatus for over a year and I stopped swinging by because my life is based on a schedule rather I'd like to admit that or not. I recently came back last weekend and man, this place is still wonderful. The sundaes are just lovely. Great flavor combinations and lots of which to choose from. The chocolate covered bananas are yummy and bring me back to a little ice cream shop I used to always stop at with my family on the way back into Orlando after going to New Symerna Beach. If only i could remember the name of that place! They almost always have some sort of caramel with salt flavor which is all I need for a 5 star review. Sweet and salt all in one ice cream? Thank you, I will go into a sugar/salt coma now. All ice cream is made in house so they flavors are unique and fresh. The staff is friendly and willing to give out a ton of samples until you make up your mind. I can't wait for this coming Sunday when Mad Men comes back on the air and I revive my great way to start the week off.
I'm glad that I found my neighborhood ice cream shop. I ordered plain chocolate but definitely want to go back and try the mojito ice. If you're looking for homemade ice cream and in the area, Sweet Dreams is the place to go!
I am not a big ice cream eater but this place is good! My wife loves all of the unique flavors (Mayan Chocolate!) and I love the simple root beer float (with vanilla of course). If you are in the mood for ice cream try this local gem.
Mayan Chocolate YES YES YES, I want to eat it every day. Thank you!
Let me just say I am an ice cream junkie. Where I am from in North Carolina we had this amazing local dairy farm with the best ice cream and chocolate milk I have ever had.    So upon moving to Florida the first item on my list was to find some ice cream to beat the summer heat. To my surprise that task was harder than I imagined because the style around here is frozen yogurt....yuck.    My dear friend went on a hunt for me and found Sweet Dreams. I was more than satisfied by the down home charm and hand made ice creams. Thank you Sweet Dreams for providing me with whole fat ice creamy goodness to soothe my new city blues.    For those who are wondering "Well what flavor did you get?" I had my old standby chocolate and vanilla side by side. Since my first visit I have also indulged in cookies&cream, and mint chocolate chip. Each one absolutely delicious!
Having lived in Gainesville for 5 years, Sweet Dreams has popped up occasionally on my radar, at festivals, when at Ward's, and on fliers. I've lived near Sweet Dreams for years, but never went there, having always favored ColdStones. However, I was looking through food reviews for Gville when I came upon the highly rated SweetDreams. I knew I had to try it, with such high regard. Sweet Dreams is located next to Play It Again Sports, in the Grandy's plaza.  It has a huge old ice cream cone out front, so it's hard to miss once you're driving through the plaza. The inside is medium-sized, but much smaller when compared to the commercial ice cream stores. When I have been here before, there was one or two people in line. However, I recently came on a Saturday night and the line was 6+ people long, which is long when each person is trying 3+ flavors before deciding. They are famous for their ice cream, but they also have fruit sorbets and something else in a glass case at the further end of the store that I never bothered to look at since the ice cream is in the front. I have tried 2 flavors. Only 2 because the first I got was salty caramel (which I haven't seen since that first visit) and the second was mayan chocolate. Their famous mayan chocolate is their original chocolate with pepper flakes mixed in. Once I tried their mayan chocolate, I have never wanted any other ice cream flavor. Now, I love chocolate. No one has a chocolate radar like I do. I can say with all my heart that this chocolate is the creamiest, deepest chocolate flavored ice cream I have ever had. EVER. I have had Kilwins and Godiva and Dove ice cream... THIS is the best chocolate ice cream out there for chocolate lovers. However, with the pepper mixed in, it gives it a unique spicy kick which is excellent with the deep sweetness of the ice cream. I get the regular sized waffle cone, which consists of 2 large scoops of whatever 2 flavors you want on their absolutely DELICIOUS waffle cone. The cone always tastes fresh and is crisp (the ones at ColdStones have been rubbery for me). They also have "little dipper" sized scoops which seem pitiful to me. Seriously small and not worth the cost. My regular sized waffle cone was ~$5. The staff are very helpful and patient. I have never had a problem with them. OH, and their ice cream is homemade from local ingredients. Nothing like supporting the community, right ? :D Overall, I would take anyone visiting Gville to Sweet Dreams as it is the BEST ice cream I have ever had.
After being told by numerous people for a few years, I finally tried this place out.  I'm sad that I waited so long.  I had the mayan chocolate (spicy chocolate is a favorite of mine) and something else - the mayan chocolate was apparently so good that I forgot what it was.  I look forward to going back and trying all of the other flavors.
A-maze-ing ! This is NOT your boring typical ice cream shop. This place has personality and flavor ! Tons of awesome and unique flavors abound. I had a triple scoop as I couldn't pick out just 1 flavor to try.... I tried the Turkish Delight, YUMMY ! The Birds and the Bees.. honey ice cream with sunflower seeds, YES ! And finally the Chocolate silk...MMM chocolate ! Sweet Dreams, I wish I lived closer =)
They make it and they care about it. The flavors are all good and you can be sure there will be a handful of things you never would have thought to try (unless you've been there before). Even the off the wall ideas that you could never see working, somehow do. Samples are encouraged, which is always a plus when dealing with unique flavors. Do yourself a favor and try a few things and you'll be a believer too.
Perfect
I mean, I know... its really hard to screw up ice cream. This place was just fantastic. The girls at the counter were great. The ambiance was lacking, but thats not why I came. They had about 25 flavors on hand varying from pistachio to mayan chocolate to cookie dough to orange cremiscle. I had a VERY delicious "ball park" which was caramel icecream with swirls and cracker jacks. I sampled the butter pecan as well which was just as rich and tasty. My husband had a waffle cone with salted caramel icecream which was equally good. The other two in our party had a maple walnut and double cherry icecream and both were quite happy. My husband midway through his waffle cone stated "Darn, I should have ordered two scoops". I took home a punch card and I KNOW I will be back. Hopefully for the chocolate night on April 21st!
Sweet Dreams has the best ice cream I have eaten in my whole life, and I am not that young. When I drive from Fort Lauderdale to Pensacola, it way to hard to resist pulling off in Gainesville for an ice cream cone. Very very reasonably priced also.
My friend Erik and I had some dessert here tonight (27 March 2010) and were both very pleased. They serve a number of unique flavors of ice cream (the Guiness Stout one certainly was an unexpected example) , plus the more standard ones you'd expect every ice cream parlor to carry, such as chocolate and strawberry. However, you'll probably want to try some of the more out-there flavors as we did. Plus, they have a wide array of toppings for their ice creams and can make milk shakes and other treats that you'd expect in a small, independent, ice cream parlor. The staff is very friendly, young, and full of energy which, along with the artwork by local artists and general chill feel of the shop makes it a very pleasing and fun place to spend some time, just as an ice cream shop ought to be: while chains such as Cold Stone and Ben and Jerry's are fine, and have their own thing going on, this shop best represents to me what I would like to think of an ice cream shop being in a small town. I do wish it was closer to the UF campus though: tucked away in a shopping plaza near a health club and a jeweler, it's not going to draw much foot traffic yet it seems to do a great business nonetheless. In fact, when Erik and I got there about 45 minutes before closing (they're open to 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays), there wasn't even an indoor booth or table free. That said, they don't have much indoor seating come to think of it, but still . . . they're certainly doing things right here and it shows with the customer turn-out they have and, more importantly, the happy smiles on their customers' faces.
Not only is Sweet Dreams the best ice cream in town, but the owners are community conscious and shop local. Don't just take my word for it, read the full article in the Sun (gainesville.com/apps/pbc…), then go out and treat yourself.
Homemade Ice Cream!  The flavor list changes with the owner's mood, but when they have them, try these favorites: Guinness (it does taste like beer, but in a *good* way), Mayan Chocolate (spicy!), Blueberry Pancakes & Ginger Snap.  YUM!
Incredible stuff. just got back from their twice-yearly Chocolate Night - THIRTY TWO different flavors of chocolate!! outrageously good homemade ice cream that constantly change and are some of the most inventive I've ever seen. If this place were a gelateria in Italy, they would be in every guide book as the best in the nation.
World's best ice cream.  Well worth throwing your diet away. I especially like the exotic flavors--honey lavender, cardamon, rice.
Kinda disappointed.  Great reviews from everyone but the ice cream was just okay.  We have a good gelato place in Jacksonville called Funaris and they had similar stuff, but Funaris was amazing and this place not so great.  Their sorbets were icy and tasteless.  Their ice cream......okay.  I think I am going to stick with Coldstone....at least I get what I want.
I went here with my pharmacy tech (doesn't everyone do this?) who I can now call a friend after the bright lights of Sweet Dreams washed over us. It was my first time going there, but he had rave reviews. They had a huge variety of flavors the the service was awesome. My ice cream was delicious and they had a ton of options with regards to sizes and cones and it was pretty much a whatever you wanted you got type of deal.
This place is so freakin' good.  Turkish Delight (honey, pomegranate, fig, pistachios)?  Spicy Mayan Chocolate?  Salty Caramel?  Guiness Stout?  Thai Sticky Rice?  And those are just the flavors I can remember.  They have the classics too, but why come here and settle for strawberry?  There's a Publix right across the street if you want to play it safe.
Open one in Orlando! Mayan chocolate is my fav. Best ice cream ever!
I went there for the first time on National Ice Cream day. They had 36 unique homemade flavors to try. All of them were great! Would definitely recommend their ice cream to anyone craving homemade ice cream with unique flavors.
Besides the ice cream, the draw of Sweet Dreams is seeing all the miserable parents who bring their screaming kids. Should have left Gainesville when you had the chance.
I like this place.  It brings back fond memories of going to the ice cream parlor as a kid.  The crew is always very nice and the flavors are good.  I'm a big peanut butter fan.  I loved a peanut butter chocolate they had one time but did not enjoy the peanut butter and jelly another time. I shall be back though.
I'm a Haagen-Dazs girl (rawr, corporate), but their toasted coconut is almost enough to convert me.
Sweet Dreams is a great family-owned business that really enjoys giving back to the community.  We love that they are willing to experiment with all types of flavors.  Better yet, they are often sponsoring various events around town that involve children, which is always a good thing.  We go there a few times a year, but if ice cream were as fat free as frogo, we'd be there daily!
I am the person who craves ice cream, eats 1/3 of it and then passes it on to whoever wants to finish it. Today was not ideal so ice cream sounded like a good idea and I have wanted to try Sweet Dreams since I saw their shop (the painted stars/moon is what really made me want to go in). It was the BEST ice cream I had ever had. I had a regular cup with House Chocolate and one of the Peanut Butter flavors. They were amazing. The chocolate tasted like brownie mix & mixed with the peanut butter it was perfect. The woman behind the counter was soo nice & her happiness is what added to the atmosphere.  I will definitely be back for more!!
By far the best ice cream shop in Gainesville. Flavors are unique, always interesting, and often changing--even a bit edgy sometimes, but always delicious. In addition to being meticulous ice cream creation professionals, the owners are locally minded and friendly.
Love!!!!!! This place made me completely forget the other ice cream/frozen yogurt places that are available in gainesville. Cute, tiny place that offers the most wonderful (and sometimes strange) ice cream flavors. Love to go there, get a scoop, and play the worn down but usable board games. Service is as sweet as the salty caramel ice cream thats just fabulous. Mayan chocolate is always a suprise to a newbie. This place taught me bacon in chocolate ice cream is a great idea. You HAVE to go at least once (though you won't be able to stop at just one visit)
Nice local ice cream shop that donates to charity too. I found that the taste was more subtle than store bought ice cream- it is home made though so its not going to pack that artifical/chemical punch that I'm used to! I got a variety of flavors. Anything that is a savory flavor is actually very salty and I found it kind of odd!! I would suggest sticking with the sweet ones
Fun flavors!!  Homemade ice cream is always a treat, but they put together such fun and interesting flavors here- there's something for everyone, and probably something new just about every season.  I was amazed at how lavendery the lavender ice cream was!  It was like having your tongue detach from your mouth (painlessly and magically of course), sprout legs, and run through lavender fields!  I did end up going with the 'salty caramel' though (I love that they called it salty vs. salted!), and it was pretty awesome.  It's a fun place to go, whether you're running in for a quick sweets fix or want to take it easy and enjoy a nice sundae with friends.  The decor is fun and kid friendly, the prices are reasonable, and service is wonderful.  It's a sweet and wonderful ice cream shop that I'd probably visit more than I should if I lived in Gainesville.  :)
Hands down the BEST ice cream in Gainesville.  They have the standard favorites that you can never go wrong with, as well as some very inventive fun flavors that they rotate throughout the year. The hot fudge brownie sundae with your choice of ice cream scoops is indulgently DIVINE.  I highly recommend stopping by here to get your ice cream fix. It also helps support a great local business.
I was a weekly regular here when I lived in Gainesville. I've moved but Sweet Dreams will always hold a special place in my heart.
Awesome local ice cream shop.  I'm not really a huge ice cream person (I prefer baked goods) but all of my kids and girlfriends love it, so we like to go out for a treat here every once in a  while.  They have a cute little kids play area, and these adorable tiny chairs! The flavors are all very delicious and some are quite unique!
Best ice cream in town.  The hot fudge brownie sundae is money! Add a couple scoops of your favorite ice cream and you have the most satisfying, indulgent dessert you could ask for.
Very friendly staff who takes great pride in their work. The constantly rotating flavors make every visit unique and a special treat. Never miss their "chocolate" nights, with a few dozen different chocolate flavors!
3 words: Salty chocolate chunk.
What a fun place to go. Unique flavors everyday. Even has a Guinness beer flavor. If you have not had ice cream here yet, you gotta go. Best ice cream in town. Would give a 5, but I have been to better Ice cream shops outside of Gville
Went for chocolate night, it was pretty ok. Good idea, mediocre execution. My BF and I each got 4 mini scoops. The chocolate ice cream flavor was pretty good, but it seems like they could have put a lot more stuff in each one.. Like the chocolate/bacon flavor was good, but I barely had 3 bacon bits in my scoop. Same problem for each of the flavors. They make their own waffle cones and bowls, which are good. All in all, I think I would rather have Ben and Jerry's at home.
Support your local shops, folks! Sweet Dreams is amazing!
Absolutely fabulous! I visited Sweet Dreams while traveling through Gainesville and still tell friends about the wonderfully incredible chocolate ice cream they serve! I happened to be there on Chocolate Night -- 32 different flavors of chocolate -- and I was in heaven! The Chocolate Merlot was unforgettable! Forget Ben & Jerry's guys, if you are in Gainesville, Sweet Dreams is a must!
I'm not normally a fan of ice cream but Sweet Dreams is an exception!
For years I complained that Gainesville didn't have a real ice cream shop.  I mean Ben and Jerry's is *okay* but they use tons of fillers and other junk that just shouldn't be in ice cream, as much as they like to remember their hippy roots they've been sold to another faceless corporation and their quality has gone down as a result.  Sweet Dreams is almost two years old and it's incredibly successful and it warms my heart because not only do they make delicious ice cream, sorbets and cream ices they are great people.  Go sometime during a weekday afternoon, sit down and talk with Mike and he'll talk about all the flavors that he wants to try to make and in turn you can give him ideas of things that you might find good-you never know he may actually use your idea.  What sucks for me is that I went to their first chocolate night (the first person in line) and since then I've been out of town for every single one.  I don't know how I do it.  Support local businesses especially ones that are so much better than the corporate ice cream (Cold Stone sucks).  Damn, it's 2AM and now I'm craving some Sweet Dreams.  I wonder if I still have some Kulfi in the freezer?
Far and away the best ice cream in Gainesville.  Mike and Lisa seem to whip up some great out of left field flavor every week.  The service is consistently great.  These people love ice cream.
trying other places around town, sweet dreams just doesnt appeal to me
Best place for ice cream in Gainesville, hands down. The froyo craze can't compete with Sweet Dream's homemade eclectic flavors. I will come here until I've tried every single flavor they can come up with. My boyfriend is moving into a house right across the street, so I'm planning on frequenting this place a lot more often. So excited! If you haven't been to Sweet Dreams, please do, you won't regret it!
So great, would eat the Mayan Chocolate every day of the week if I could.
Service is friendly, price is affordable, flavors are original, and ice cream is amazing.
This is the best ice cream place in down. The variety changes every week, with a new flavor more often than not. The quality is exceptional and the prices are very reasonable. Just to give an example of some of the flavors you'll see, Mayan Chocolate, Salty Carmel, Turkish Delight, Lavender Honey and Sweet Rice. They also have great sorbet, if you're looking for a low-fat option. The Campari and the Zucchini sorbets are both unexpected surprises!
Creative and delicious options and friendly, personable service.
Going out for ice cream has never been the same since I was introduced to Sweet Dreams.  Atmosphere is fun and their never-ending flavors keep me coming back.  Ahhh....flavors like lemon-blueberry crumble, espresso explosion and honey almond!
