Paramount Grill is my favorite place to take people that are visiting Gainesville. They have a smaller menu that always has something new to try and has a good variety of options. Every meal is delicious and the service is always great. My friend and I share the bread appetizer with goat cheese - it is incredible. I recommend any meal with the marsala wine sauce - it is so good, my eyes automatically close so I can fully absorb how good it tastes. I also highly recommend them for lunch. The only negative is the price (but as far as I'm concerned, you are paying for good quality and the freshest of ingredients). It is worth it.
First impressions were good. We were there for lunch and it was not very crowded - 2 tables (not sure why because it is excellent for lunch). Initial greeting was very nice and we were seated by the window. The area in downtown is being worked on but it is still pleasant and although there is only street parking during lunch, we had no problems. Apparently, valet parking is available for dinner. Restaurant was clean, well laid out and full table cloths and cloth napkins. Very nice appearance. Menu selections were varied and enticing. My wife had the beet salad and loved it. My choice was a Bison Panini and it was quite good. Service was excellent with the waiter being very attentive. Not sure what it would have been like if the place was full. Total bill was $20 prior to tip and included 2 iced teas. Gainesville itself did not have much to offer but if we go there again, we will be sure to stop by Paramount Grill.
A Jewel in Downtown Gainesville, New to Gainesville and had dinner at the Paramount Grill.  DELICIOUS and interesting.  Had the special red snapper. It's pricey for a college town, but it is as good as any restaurant on the east coast. Will definitely return.
On both service and cuisine; as good as it gets.   I made reservations for a large party and had to change the number more than once.  Then, on the day of the event, I added seven more (up from 20).  The folks at Paramount accommodated this 11th hour request without a complaint.  They executed the change smoothly as well. The chef greeted us and made some suggestions that made the event work better too.  The servers were skilled and attentive to our large party.  and the food... Everything I tasted, from the buffalo shortrib to the steak to the panna cotta to the seafood, is as good as any restaurant in the state.  My only regret is that I didn't tip more.  Great work by all at Paramount Grill!
So I've been back for dinner.  Multiple times, with multiple people.  And each time I leave with a full tummy, and vaguely unsatisfied with the experience.  It's not the food.  Every meal I've had is delicious and the desserts are excellent.  It's not the service, which is on par with most other places in Gainesville.  It's the menu.  Those same eight items, just staring back at me, every time.  Hi April.  We're all still here.  Bwa ha. Why in the world would a good restaurant burn out all of its creativity on making a few meals as complicated as possible?  During our most recent visit, Brice told me why he is usually hesitant to eat here--dishes are served with so many ingredients that if he sees one ingredient in the list that he doesn't like, he is likely to refuse the entire meal.  I, on the other hand, am just tired of seeing salmon, tuna, shrimp and scallops.  You mean there's other, edible life in the sea?  Are you sure?  There's something to be said for sticking to a standard, but surely a restaurant that sends out literal artists' palettes for dinner can find at least ONE other way to prepare meat! I nerved up one day during lunch and asked the server about a particular soup that I had here once, a tomato bisque made with sherry and truffle oil.  Her answer broke my heart.  "Yeah, everyone likes that soup and we usually sell out when it's on the menu, but the kitchen doesn't make it much.  What you should do is call a day ahead and make a big fuss, and then they'll do it."  That's a crying shame, when a restaurant has settled into such a groove that they can't even be bothered to make an item that their customers clearly enjoy wihout someone literally begging for it.  But if that's the way it is, that's the way it is.  So here, I'm begging. PLEASE CHANGE YOUR MENU.  PLEASE.
Returning to live in Gainesville after living an "adult life" is an eye-opening experience to say the least.  The entire block has changed; Strand closed after 30 years, 1/4 of the block demolished, hipster apparel store closed down, empty space next to it, and I will stop there.  The walk from my parking space to the door of Paramount, through this depressing mess, made realize that we need to take it a little easier on local Gainesville business.  That is, if we want the businesses to survive.   The staff looks vaguely familiar, like all locals, we have crossed paths in our teenage years.  Keep in mind they close mid-day between 2:00-5:00pm.  I prefer to arrive as soon as they open for dinner, where you can score a window table and emulate mannequins or the perfect dining couple to the passers by.   All of the dishes here are made with care, there was nothing here that was epic or ultra creative.  Aside from one item; the bread service consisting of cornmeal muffins filled with dill and feta and served with a side of white bean spread.  Something I have not experienced yet, but it is rare that I venture into the realm of American food, so I may be years behind.  Nothing is overly salty.  In fact, the salt in the shaker is not even salty.  And, there was this overall feeling like the dishes here are healthy, even if they are not exactly. ACR's are going to pay top dollar to have average meals at Archer Road chain restaurants.  At the same time, they could be paying even less to dine at a classy local eatery like Paramount.  (Example: bill for two at Bonefish +evil stomach bubbling $86, bill at Paramount for the same two people $52.)  Maybe it is just for a special occasion or for a weekend dinner with a date, either way, be adventurous, you may thank yourself later.
Service was amazing - the server was very attentive to our needs (I love when they use a bread crumber) and very quirky. The fondue was amazing and the crab cakes were as well. I was severely disappointed by the Beet Salad - needed goat cheese and local beets - they tasted a bit like canned beets.
I shall no longer consider "by Gainesville standards" an excuse for the current state of dining in this town.  Paramount Grill, by any standard, serves pretty decent food.  My biggest issue is that in other places "pretty decent food" is much more accessible, affordable and ubiquitous than here.  Paramount Grill and establishments like it should be a dime a dozen in Gainesville;  maybe someday we'll get there.  With that... App: Ruby Beet Salad - The salad was nice though I thought a bit stingy on beets for a beet salad.  The choice of romaine for lettuce I thought was very safe.  The garlic infused olive oil was probably the best component it had. Mains: Pork Tenderloin with some kind of Savory Bread Pudding - Both the pork and bread pudding were a bit too on the dry side;  almost as though each component was made too far in advance then re-heated and sauced to order.  It tasted okay but again, too dry for my tastes. Mushroom Ravioli with Wilted Spinach This dish was actually quite good.  I found the sauce a little too sweet but that was the worst part of the dish.  The filling-to-noodle ratio was a bit "noodly" but not excessively so. Skipped dessert due to time (I wanted to try the Banana Cheesecake and I've had their Butterscotch Creme Brulee). My main issue with Paramount Grill is that the menu is lacking excitement.  There is no real sense of adventure anywhere;  no dish that pushes any envelopes.  The menu is too safe and predictable. The apps always include some variation on crab cakes, flat breads and salads.  The mains always Asian inspired fish dishes, a Pan Seared Filet Mignon (of course), a little bleu cheese here, some nuts there, a touch of wilted spinach, and the tired Butterscotch Creme Brulee and an almighty chocolate based dessert with some minor twist (five-spice this time). I wanna' shout: Dude! Break-out! Be free! Explore! Take risks! Just go for it!! Maybe next time.
Yeah, it's Gainesville, you don't expect the absolute cutting edge. But this is the best relatively modern New American restaurant in Gainesville and probably best overall for dinner in my opinion. It's pricey, but better than all the other pricey places and with the good sense to be cutting prices in the current recession. Haven't had a bad meal here nor ever felt ripped off.  In fact, I have always been quite pleased.
Without doubt, one of the best restaurants in town. We've had a few of "meh" to "sub-meh" meals here - the only thing that keeps Paramount from grabbing a fifth star - but otherwise it's a very solid choice for lunch or dinner. The menu here changes regularly, but we've had the best luck with the items that don't move out of rotation. Check out the the greens with berries and goat cheese and the pan roasted filet - you won't be sorry. Paramount's "pseudo-specials" (i.e., the on-the-menu items that change every few weeks) can be spotty. For instance, the pasta specials have sucked the few times we've tried them. Also, have a salt shaker handy, as some of their dishes, like soups, regularly come out under-seasoned. Oh, and all of their desserts are transcendently delicious.   The staff is good, with servers ranging from competent to excellent. Certainly, they're a cut above most places in Gainesville. A word of warning about the caper/white bean/cream cheese spread that accompanies the complimentary biscuits: it's damn garlicky, and will have you reeking the rest of the night, and probably well into the morning.
I've only had brunch at Paramount, so I cannot speak to their lunches or dinners, but if these are like the brunch then they also should be impressive. For brunch, Paramount offers a fairly expansive menu that is well-balanced between traditional breakfast foods and some dishes that are more concessions to lunch. Omelettes are well-represented, there are pancakes and French toast, and at least one salad which is what I ordered and it featured two crêpes filled with chicken salad and cheese atop a bed of spinich. The crêpes were very good and while I'm not the biggest fan of this style of salad, can say all the greens were very fresh. The atmoshere is small but very intimate, clean, and bright as it is painted white and features racks of wine bottles in storage which are a nice touch in placing emphasis on the restaurant's wine selection while putting all space to good use. The staff are young but far more adept than college kids working at most Gainesville restaurants and our waitress was especially good to be attentive but not to hover over the table. She and a male waiter working each seemed to have several tables in two different dining rooms and yet they appeared to flawless stay on top of everything. From what I've seen just looking over the dinner and lunch menus, they have an emphasis on duck and innovative yet classic French-American approaches to fine dining. Overall, a very good experience though one that would probably not be outstanding in a city like San Francisco or New Orleans: some reviewers have claimed that Paramount seems stuck in the past and I don't sense that however their dinner menu could probably be expanded and they could mix things up a little. Still, if what they are doing is working for then, more power to them. I have a feeling nothing will change for better or worse unless a large number of faithful customers demand change, but for now, it's nice to have Paramount as it is.
MMMMMMMMMMMMM!! my favorite restaurant in gainesville. this is always a top pick for celebrations or just a nice dinner out. staff has always been friendly and offer great suggestions. the menu changes often, but there is always a dish  for the following: chicken, vegetarian, steak, seafood (tuna usually), prawns, sometimes pork loin or duck... i've never had a meal there i didn't like. the lunches are superb as well. if its your first time there, you *have* to get the flat bread appetizer. bon apetite!
Curious why this is listed under an "automotive" category...? Best brunch for fancy dates, special occasions, or to make your mom feel special.  Very limited seating, so get a reservation or come EARLY!  Delicious pecan crusted french toast & fresh fruit selections.  The grits (they fancy them up by calling them polenta here, but you know what they are!) are some of the best I've had in FL, and you will yelp with glee when the hostess walks around to bring your basket of fresh baked muffins!  Yum!
I've been to Paramount numerous times over the last two years. I commonly take visitors here. The menu is the most innovative in Gainesville, and every dish is very good, if not excellent. However, the presentation and service is not exactly what I would expect from a restaurant that wants to be seen as providing a "fine dining" experience. Most of the servers are good (especially the dude with the '50's haircut). Others don't understand empty wine glasses need to be refilled (hello revenue!) and silverware from salads and appetizers should be replaced when the main course is brought out. And don't even get me started on the wine glasses. Who wants to drink decent wine out of thick-rimmed, blocky, cheap-Italian-restaurant feeling glassware? Nobody, that's who. Common. Pony up for some Riedel or even Spiegelau. This is basic fine-dining protocol.
Each time I walk past the large inviting windows of Paramount Grill, located downtown at 12 SW 1st Ave.,  I always have to fight the urge to go inside. You know those places that just look like they serve good food? The ones that look like people dine with their pinkies in the air, but enjoy every single bite of the masterpiece of a plate in front of them? That's Paramount (minus the pretentious customers). The light green walls, wood floors and white accents bring a refined feel to the spacious restaurant. A little bit country, a little bit classic, the owner's hit it spot on when they created the perfect slogan, "all of the elements of great food." The second we walked inside I felt serene. After being seated in a nook next to the large front windows, I began salivating over the menu. Our waiter was extremely gracious and brought us Cheddar and Dill Muffins with a White Bean Butter to snack on while we made our decision. (Even the bread basket had a nice finesse.) I know it's not proper etiquette to crack open my muffin and slather it with butter, but that's exactly what I did. The spread was delicious and broke up the almost cornbread like consistency of the muffins. When our waiter described the mix-and-match quality of the Toasted Panna Rustica appetizer we were sold. With roasted garlic and sweet red peppers, sun dried tomatoes, olives, warmed chevré and extra virgin olive oil on the side, the number of topping combinations is only limited by your imagination. I could eat this dish every single day for the rest of my life and never get bored with the variety of rich flavors. Seriously. This dish is divine. All of the ingredients tasted so fresh and robust I could have sworn they picked the tomatoes and peppers that afternoon. The roasted garlic was sweet and perfect. I popped them in my mouth with just a dollop of goat cheese. The hint of rosemary in the olive oil really brought everything together, and I loved the texture of the slightly salty olives and crisp bread. The baked free range chicken stuffed with crab, sundried tomato and arrugula, roasted potatoes and roasted red pepper-pommery mustard sauce certainly didn't disappoint. While a piece of the stuffed chicken was delicious by itself, I enjoyed adding in a bite of potato for another texture and great charred flavor. Overall, this dish was the definition of refined. The crab was delicate and added a nice subtle flavor to my palette. The creaminess of the sauce went well with the tender chicken, tomato and arrugula. All I needed was another cheddar and dill muffin to sop up the extra. After taking a peek at Paramount's brunch menu, I can't wait to come back and try the blackened salmon filet served over fried green tomatoes, sliced avocado and herbed potatoes with roasted red pepper aioli. My mouth is watering just thinking about it...
My Gainesville Favorite. It's consistently good, but there are some of his dishes I like more than others. I usually go for anything that has the "southwest" flare  - like the black bean cakes with avocado and chipotle mousse I think it is. Soups are always delicious. The flatbread appetizer is awesome, but warning, it's big with the potential to ruin dinner! I don't eat a lot of desert, but the ones I've tried are always great. Very good wine selection as well. Servers are always great, but Gary is our favorite! Lunch and Brunch have been great as well, the few times I've been.
I went here for dinner to celebrate my birthday. It's a tiny, cute spot. The menu is really limited, but it didn't really matter because almost everything we ordered was great. Appetizers- beet salad, berry salad. Fresh, crispy, but a little small on the portion size. We also had the shrimp flatbread and it was so tasty. The flatbread was crispy and all of the ingredients made a tasty combo. Main entrees- pork tenderloin (my personal favorite!), seared tuna steak (fresh, cooked to perfection), and the sundried tomato and mozzarella chicken (eh, nothing special, chicken was a little dry). Dessert- mexican chocolate mousse, which was so rich, creamy, and delicious!
Went there for brunch. The food was ok,  nothing to get excited about. But I was pretty ticked off at paying $6.00 for a cappuccino!
Great restaurant--the sandwiches were certainly above par and the sides were quite good. We're looking forward to going back for dinner.
Boyfriend and I rarely eat out because it is just not our preferred form of leisure and we're always like "What?! $70 for dinner and drinks? That's our utility bill!" While it seems like there's some controversy among Gville foodies about this place (and um, every place and all things), if you're like us and go out for a nice dinner every couple months, definitely go here.  In the past we've opted for more affordable spots to kind of hedge our bets, but I think an extra $10/entree is totally worth delicious food, attentive and patient service and some of the better ambiance in town.
Overpriced and underwhelming.  chicken breast stuffed with crabmeat was an off putting taste. Side salads and appetizers overpriced. The service was good but attaching a 20 percent gratuity to the bill should be my choice. Then the lamb shanks with not even a vegetable for 40? Really?
Ok so I decided to go here for lunch this time.... The prices were a bit more reasonable and our waiter this time was much more attentive! Definately will go back again for lunch!
Good food and excellent service.  Love the wine selection, the crab cake appetizer, the salads, and the desserts.  One complaint: though the dinner entrees are inventive, sometimes they have too many flavor combinations going on at once.
Business dinner here with a large-ish group, which is never the best time to really evaluate a resaturant, since it's hard to pay full attention to all the details and the service is not what is normally is. From what I remember, however, the ambiance was nice, the service was quite slow, the food was beautiful (a lot of stacking), they made fondu good (which I thought was sort of impossible, actually), and there was a good wine list. My dinner, mahi on top of bean enchiladas, was a little strange. The enchilada tortillas were super hard (on purpose, I guess) and I'm not sure why the mahi needed to be perched on said hard enchiladas... But the overall experience here was very nice. The people with me seemed to really enjoy their choices of steak and tuna.
Small place. Nice decor. Good service. Attentive staff.  Although I don't make it here very often, (perhaps because of its location I just don't think of it), I've always really liked Paramount Grill every time I've been.  The menu seems to change regularly.  Sometimes the dishes have what I think are unusual flavor combinations, but when I try it, it always works.  I've never been disappointed.  They have a nice, reasonably priced wine list.
The guy I called for a reservation said it had been rented out to a private.  He was a lying bastard because my friend who told me to call had made reservations earlier rhat day.  Fuck that guy.
I really would give this review 4.5 stars.  This past weekend, a group of us dined here to celebrate my sister's graduation.  We had made reservations months in advance and were pleased when the table was ready when we arrived. The restaurant was full, but did not look to me to be crazy busy, but then again our rez was for 6:30.  Service was attentive and good. The special that day was a filet topped with lobster-boursin cheese butter which looked amazing!  3 people in our party ordered it and were not disappointed.  My mom and sister ordered the meat loaf, which looked and smelled amazing.  I had a small bite of the mushrooms since sissy didn't want to share.  My father and another diner ordered the pork chop, and someone else ordered the curried shrimp.  All of the dishes were generously portioned and looked delicious.  I ordered the grouper with a white bean cake and caprese salad.  The flavors were delicious but my only complaint was the temperature of the food was off.  The salad could have been colder and the fish and  bean cake could have been hotter.  Presentation was beautiful, portions were generous and we were a happy bunch all around.  OH, and those basil biscuits!  To die for! I'm knocking off half a star for the temperature of my food and the fact that our table was next to the kitchen which made it incredibly hot.  I would have liked to have been seated in the nicer room, but I understand it was an extremely busy weekend.  I would definitely return to try the buffalo short ribs and sit in the nicer room!
I went here on my first date with my current girlfriend. The service was excellent and the setting was intimate and quiet on a Saturday night. She had the duck, I had the pork chops, and we've been together ever since.
Intelligent, flavorful, and artistic. I ate here for my birthday everything had nice presentation, ingredients were fresh local fare, and seasoning and flavors were rich and layered. I have no idea why there would be anything less than 5 stars. It is so good you can hear people saying "mmmm" as they take their first bite. I said it a few times myself. Yes it's pricey but its worth every penny!
Holy crap is their food amazing!!! Great date spot. I haven't been there in a while, but I used to get the duck. It so good. This is one of my Gainesville favorite spaces. Have never been let down by their food or service.
This used to be our fav place until we were both hit with some food intolerances and allergies. We cannot do especially the brunch that much consists of egg, wheat, cheeses and meats. Too bad.
How disappointing... We have been going to the Paramount for at least three years and have watched it go downhill. This recent most recent outing was the worst, which prompted me to write this. The good: the salad with berries was tasty and so was the dessert (espresso brownie). The server was attentive. The bad: the entree and the price. I'm a vegetarian, so maybe their other dishes are good. I'm not so sure about that though because my husband didn't eat the leftovers he brought home and he said his entree was "okay." They have one vegetarian option. They should be experts at making that one option if that is all you have. It was salty and oily. The tofu was not cooked well at all (it felt like they'd cubed it and that was it). The only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is because of the salad and dessert. The thing is, I go out to eat to have a good meal, not part good, part bad. The punch in the gut is the bill. You can get much better food around town for a fraction of the price. This was our anniversary place, but no more. I'm not sure where we'll go in the future, but I guarantee it won't be the Paramount.
Thanksgiving dinner was excellent but I offer the following suggestions: dinner plates are too small and food looks crowded on the plate; no artistic effort there. The service charge of 20% for Thanksgiving service was based upon the food costs, the tax and wine. This is not a fair charge. But otherwise service was excellent and very professional.
This was my favorite part of my latest trip to Gainesville. Our table was ready at the reserved time, but they suggested we wait 5 minutes for a window seat.  We did and it was a good choice.  Place was cozy.  Server was knowledgeable and very funny to boot.  The wine suggested was perfect and the mean was spectacular.  I really felt like I was back in NYC.  This is Gainesville finest.
Probably the best restaurant in Gainesville.
Our favorite gem in visiting our son in Gainesville for 10 years! We were there for Thanksgiving dinner and ALL was superb. Fantastic locally sourced food, outstanding servers, serious wine list and good location for going for a walk after. Even the 2 bathrooms were quite clean! Can I book for next year?
This place is top notch.  This is one of the few places in Gainesville to get good food.  The duck is awesome.
Terrible for UF graduation. I love this restaurant on a normal night, but they were incredibly overbooked for graduation, and their kitchen could not handle the extra tables they set up. It took over an hour to get our food, and our server was absolutely no help. The atmosphere was awful with all of the extra tables, it was so loud I couldn't have a regular conversation with anyone at the table. The food was very good but the experience was not. It was definitely not worth it for the price.
Superb food.  We've been coming here for more than a dozen years for special occasions, birthdays, anniversaries.  The food is lovely.  Paramount Grill would rate two stars from Michelin if Michelin did Gainesville.  And the service is both caring and expert.
upscale restaurant, food is good although sometimes hit or miss, service is pretty attentive. dishes are usually small-ish and not filling. a lot of care is spent on presentation. we go there frequently for department business dinners. i have gone there for a private dinner on a few occasions and once for the brunch. certainly not a place you would go to routinely.
Top notch dining in Gainesville. I was visiting my son for the Thanksgiving holiday and we decided to dine here. The Paramount had a fixed prix menu for the holiday which included a wonderful butternut squash soup, mixed greens salad, choice of entree (fish and vegetarian choices as well) and a choice of three desserts. We both chose the traditional turkey dinner with roast turkey atop a bed of chive and garlic mashed potatoes with steamed green beans and a cranberry chutney. Everything was beautifully presented but more importantly, it was delicious. For dessert we went with the apple and pistachio crisp with vanilla bean ice cream. Again, it was incredible. The service was warm, professional and attentive. This is upscale dining without the pretention and snobbishness. If I was staying longer in Gainesville I would make another reservation but unfortunately they will be closed for a couple days after Thanksgiving so it will have to wait until my next trip out. Thank you Paramount for a lovely Thanksgiving dinner!
My wife and I had a wedding reception brunch there recently, and the entire process was spectacular. Clif, the chef, was really easy to work with while planning. The food (especially the second course, with choices of duck burrito, eggs benedict, or crab cakes) was perfectly prepared and presented,  and tasted amazing. The service was prompt, and the servers were really friendly and helpful. The entire event was really affordable for all that Clif and his team offered us. Clif charged us about half what any of the catering halls around Gainesville would have charged us (Sweetwater Inn especially...yikes), and the ambiance was exactly what we were looking for: laid back, sunny, and comfortable. Highly recommended!
We came here for my birthday dinner and I definitely enjoyed it. We ordered the panna rustica with the cheese and peppers and it was fabulous. It was a hearty portion for the price and I would come back just for that. A little complicated to eat though, so I wouldn't recommend it for first date food. I ordered the shrimp and pasta and again huge portion. The sauce was nicely balanced and rich and the pine nuts were such a nice addition. I chose right this time! My only complaint, which it isn't really my complaint because I made the right choice, my husband ordered the tuna croquettes and they were actually more like crab cakes. My husband wasn't too impressed with the texture but was literally melting over the chickpea puree and tapenade served with it. They also started the meal with these tasty little buttery muffins with bean spread, cheese and caper "butter". The service was really friendly, but a little delayed sometimes. However, its not like we were in a rush or anything. I am definitely looking forward to my next visit.
Excellent food ... very creative ... and Cliff (owner and chef) uses great seasonings.  Everyone was pleasant and very attentive.  Gouper and salmon cakes were outstanding!
I would have given this place 2 stars based upon the food that we received but I added one more star because of the integrity of the chef. I ordered fish and right before it was supposed to come out the waitress told us that the chef wasnt happy how my fish came out and that he didnt want to send it out, they didnt have any other filets of that fish available so they wanted to make me something else. I was so so grateful that they didn't serve me a piece of mealy/fishy fish, so I'm impressed with that. But when it comes to the other things we ordered, I was not very impressed, For my appetizer I got the toasted bread with antipasto, it would have been good but the bread was soooo hard that by the time I was halfway through and the bread cooled down, it was so hard I couldnt even eat it! I ended up getting a pasta special as my entree and it was not very good. I forget what my fiance got, but he said it was decent but not great. Maybe we went on an off night or maybe it was because we went late in the evening, but we are open to trying it again sometime in the future.
We recently dined here for Thanksgiving.  The set menu was wonderful.  Usually dinner on a holiday can be dreadful and I had never been here before and it was close to perfect. The ambiance, service, presentation were all fantastic.  So glad we made reservations.  I am looking forward to brunch the next time I visit family in Gainesville.
Way too expensive for overcooked entrees and misguided fare.  Appetizers and atmosphere are good, but seriously don't waist yr time.
One of the best restaurants in Gainesville, and unlike many other good restaurants in Gainesville, I also had good service.  The bread and white bean butter was delicious and my lunch (black bean burger) was great.  The "bun" was a little too much bread for my taste, but you could tell all of the ingredients were high quality.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
