This was the first day spa I went to that wasn't in a big a city so it is hard for me to compare. They were professional and I like the effort they make such as the waiting room with plinky-plunky music and an assortment of teas.  The locker room has a robe and slippers and is clean and nice.  The service (I got the hot stone massage) was very good, with heated chairs and some options as to what kind of lotion to use. Something that I felt was strange was that everyone I encountered there spoke in a high pitched voice.  It didn't sound natural.   Afterwards when I paid, they had baskets of things they had "picked out" for us that they wanted us to buy. I think this is a nice place so I recommend it.  But I would want to compare it to similar places in Gainesville before going back.
I have only received manicure, pedicure, and massage services here and I loved every second of it! I only allow myself to go as a treat because of money. However, it is not an overpriced spa. In fact, I would say it is pretty reasonable compared to other spas I have visited. The waiting room in dark and quiet--it really helps you to relax and get in the right mindset for your service. I have never had a hair appointment here, but might try it in the future. Overall, great experience and I HIGHLY recommend it!
For my birthday my husband and a good friend gave me a trip to Cloud 9 for a mani/pedi. I got the deluxe versions of both with a hot stone massage. Oh my goodness, it was wonderful! This was also my first time going to Cloud 9. Rebecca was my nail specialist and she was wonderful! She not only did a fantastic job she also read my mind - I commented on her fun and funky red glittered nails and she smiled and suggested that we do a glitter treatment for me too. I was thrilled! Cloud 9 has such a lovely waiting area out front in the registration/check in area. I got there early which left me plenty of time to browse through all the gifts. I loved all the things they had like the Poo-pourri! Hee hee. So why only four stars? To be honest it's a tiny picky thing: the pedicure chair I was sitting in was one of those massage chairs and one of the roller balls in it was popped out or something and just seemed to jab me in the back rib. But that would not stop me from going back or encouraging friends and other people to go. All the people at the spa were friendly, warm, and welcoming.  I really appreciate good customer service, and this place has it! Thanks, Rebecca!!!!!
Be wary about using a Spa Finder card there!  When I tried to use one, the receptionist informed me my card had already been redeemed and I would not be able to use it for services today. I was made to feel like i was diing something fraudulent. Ended up just paying with my cc.  When I got home, called Spa Finder who told me Cloud Nine had submitted the redemption 8 times at exactly the time I was checking out!  I then had to call CN back to have them process a refund, and I barely got an apology for their mistake.  She did process my refund, said she would send my receipt to me and speak to the owner about a compensation for all the trouble I went through.  It has been 3 weeks and I have get to receive anything. Not happy with their extremely poor customer service, and all my time I had to waste due to THEIR mistake. They don't seem to be concerned about repeat business.
I wish this place was better, but it wasn't. Even though I had an appointment, I had to wait a long time for the lady to call me back in for my haircut. So in the meantime, I waited in the lobby and looked at cards. The staff was not friendly, and I felt that uncomfortable stare thing going on. When the lady finally showed up, she smelled like cigarettes. We went into what looked like a closet and she closed a fabric curtain behind us. I brought several photographs of the kind of haircut I wanted and I ended up with the Jennifer Aniston haircut circa 1993. Come to think of it, everyone that's a regular here has hair like that. I wasn't happy with my hair, and though I haven't tried their other services, I don't think I would want to. Gainesville is full of good stylist and masseuses, and the atmosphere of this place just isn't right for me.
I only went here one time and I haven't been back.  I just felt like the people there weren't very friendly and I didn't feel invited to come back.  When I go to a spa I want then to put me at ease and to feel comfortable.  The services however were good, but I go to the spa not only for services but for atmosphere.
Got a gift certificate and finally used it yesterday on a massage here. It was awesome (ask for Katie). It was my first massage ever and she made me feel very comfortable. Massage was great and she recommended deep tissue for next time as well as telling me where my tense areas were. Definitely going back soon!
I had the intensive therapies facial ($75 - 50 minutes).  The facial was good, but it could be better.  The massage part of the facial was missing.  The total 50 minutes are not hands on minutes.  But the People there were nice.  The place are clean witch I really like.   Before I go back for my next facial, I will try out other spa just to see witch one is better.
Went here for a swedish massage and it was the best one I've ever had! It was super relaxing and the lady who did my massage was really nice. The staff was friendly, and the actual environment feels very upscale and clean.
The manicurists are wonderful, still miss Ms Becky!  Receptionists are clueless, make a lot of mistakes with gift certificate coupons manager needs to get up front when there is a customer concern and stop watching via cameras.  Best way to ruin a relaxing spa experience is terrible check out experience.
I get my hair cut here.  They do a good job and I like the peaceful atmosphere.  Nice bath products for sale in the lobby area.  Front desk staff can be kind of snooty, but the hairdressers are friendly.
Have been there several times- facials, waxing, massages, hair- they are the best in skin care type services. Beautiful decor, very clean. Super polite staff, very accommodating. Highly recommend.
I am actually quite pleased by this salon, and have been here a number of times for a variety of services including eyebrow waxing and massages. My favorite is the deep tissue massage with Amelia. She will leave you feeling refreshed and rejuvenated! I also LOVE the chocolate/tea bar they have in the relaxation room! I'll definitely be back soon for another escape!
I've been to Cloud 9 quite a few times for facials, waxing services, and nail services.  The place is very relaxing, the locker rooms are clean and soothing.  They have unique gifts and items in the lobby area for purchase.  They offer a few services I haven't seen elsewhere that are worth noting...eyebrow tweezing (as opposed to waxing) and Perma Color/Clear nail services.  This is a sugar based gel they put over your existing nail (no fake nails or hard acrylics) to harden it.  Very cool, I love it. They are DEFINITELY overpriced.  I think management should invest in some magnifying lights for eyebrow  waxing/tweezing work as well as extractions during facials.  Currently, if you are getting a facial, it is all well and good until in the middle of it, they bring up the bright lights that just about make me want to cringe each time, what a way to ruin a relaxing experience. Otherwise, their unique services keep bringing me back.  I wish there were other places nearby that offered that perma-clear stuff, I'm sure they'd be more affordable.  Oh, and for the perma-clear nail services, the fill-ins cost the same as the initial visit which I think is a little ridiculous!
Very good massages and facials!..a little more than competitors, but they offer a wide variety of services. The only thing I didn't like was the small spa and lounge area.
Every service here is fabulous! Kimba does my hair regularly - color and cut - and there is no other place in town that can match her talent & technique. I briefly went to a cheaper place to get my color/cut and my hair looked terrible so I was right back to Cloud 9 to get it fixed - I wish it wasn't so expensive but I have fine hair and need gentle color and a really good cut. The manicures/pedicures are also amazing - just too costly to get it done more than once a year as a splurge (for me at least). The facials are also my favorite service here - everyone does a fantastic job and it is heavenly. The entire experience is perfect.  I've had waxing and massage here as well and I don't have a single complaint. If the services were more affordable I would come here all the time. Love love love this place. Highly recommend treating yourself to the BEST spa in Gainesville.
Have had 12 + services there over the years: massage, nails & brows.  Therapists and nail technicians hav always been good.  Ambiance nice. Receptionists hospitable (although I wish they would look at there records and value my business rather than consistently asking "is this your first time with us?").  Love the Relaxation Room, just wish seating were more comfortable.
For a present, my brother gave me a gift certificate to Cloud 9.  I had heard that the massages weren't so great, so I decided to go with a facial.  The first facial i received wasn't awful.  There were several products that burned when they were put on my face, but overall it was alright.  I decided that maybe my face was being sensitive that day, so I booked another facial with the rest of the gift certificate money.  This time, I had a woman with over 25 years experience who SCRATCHED my forehead in several locations.  She also did not realize she was doing this even though her fingernails were clearly scraping my face.  At the time, she finished the face massage and I thought that I was possibly over-reacting, so I did not say anything.  When I went home and looked in the mirror I noticed several scratches along my forehead.  I called to tell them what happened and sent a picture, and was told that maybe I was just sensitive to their products.  I was then given a free $40 service WITH an expiration date of less than a month.  I just went and decided to go with the signature manicure.  Worst manicure I've ever had.  The person took 50 minutes to do what I could have done in my own house in 20.  I was given a joke of a hand massage and I felt like a 5 year old was painting my nails.  If I am going to be paying $40 for a manicure, I expect much more than what I received.  I will never go back there and don't reccomend it to anyone.
This is THE PLACE to go in Gainesville. This salon is by far the best salon in the area with every service you can imagine in a gorgeous spa setting. I have received facials, waxing, manicures, pedicures, massages, and hair services at Cloud 9 and every single time was an experience and an indulgence of pure luxury. If I could afford to go here all the time I would be here on a weekly basis. I think a lot of the negative reviewers just can't afford a top notch salon since Gainesville is a lot of students, although I will agree with them that the hair services was my least favorite service because 1) I had to do a consultation first 2) I had to wait a long time to get in for my actual appt 3) The price of the hair services is expensive (in my opinion) 4) they didn't really give me what I wanted... however, I will give it to them that it was still a luxurious and relaxing experience when usually getting my hair colored & cut feels like a chore at other bustling chaotic hair salons and I'm exhausted by the end of the 3 hours LOL. I was grateful to actually be relaxed during my hair appointment, I just wish it would have been a better dye job for a more reasonable price. I never went back because it cost around $150 before the tip and they wanted another $45 to trim my hair... I went and got it cut at Regis afterwards since I couldn't justify spending that much on my hair... maybe if I was rich LOL no probably not even then. However I wish the haircuts were more reasonable because everyone I know that gets their hair cut here has gorgeous healthy hair so I know they must use really good scissors. With that said, I will say that I love this place - I love the service, I love the online appointment tool, I love the hours, and I love how I feel after I go here. I have been to every salon in Gainesville and I can tell you that this is by far the best one you can go to. Other than cost, I have no complaints about any of the other services - facials are great, waxes are great, mani/pedis are great, massages are great! Definitely a place to go to - just make sure to bring your credit card and don't skimp lol.
Just had the best spa pedicure I've ever had. I've been to many places around Florida for spa pedicures -- Marriott, Ritz Carlton, The Breakers in Palm Beach -- and this was the best one I've had. Rose took her time, made me feel relaxed, and clearly took great pride in doing a wonderful job. I had the Signature Spa Pedicure which included a choice of different elements (I chose stone massage and paraffin) and it was well worth the $70. I loved that there was no "foot soak tubs" as they can spread bacteria. (I had a problem with my big toe from a previous pedicure at another salon).  Instead, everything was gently done by hand and I felt sincerely pampered. The spa itself was tranquil and serene feeling, just the way a spa/salon should feel. Decorated in a Tuscan villa style motif, the front reception area was warm and inviting, with a myriad of products lining the shelves. Two doors off the reception lead to the spa, and one door led to the salon. I was led to their "Pedi Villa" and stepping inside, that is what it felt like -- a quaint room inside a Tuscan villa, complete with wood beams on the ceiling, dim lighting, soft relaxing music. Two pedicure chairs faced arched built-ins on the front wall which housed rows of nail colors and hooks for purses. I was asked if I wanted the massage chair turned on, (I declined) and if I'd like a warm neck roll. (Uh, yes!)  Then ..... Best spa pedicure ever. I will return many times and ask for Rose. Thanks, Rose! You made my day today! ;-) This was my first experience at Cloud 9. What a great first impression .... Congrats to owner/management on a successful business venture. You just secured a new client!
Service received: full leg wax I really wanted to like this Spa. I liked the products they sell in the main room.. Lots of organic & essential oil products, but there were only a few chairs for waiting. I didn't find the waiting area to be very calming. When my waxing technician came out to get me she said the appointment was for an hour but it wouldn't need to last that long (which I have no problem with if the job is done right). Anyway, she was very sweet and welcoming and so were the women at the front desk. My issue is her waxing technique and speed. She did not hold the skin taut while removing the strip and seemed as if she was rushing the appointment. I'm not sure if it was because they were closing shortly after my appointment but I came home and found many stray hairs. I know I can't expect every hair to be gone but I noticed a several small strips of hair that other waxing spas never leave behind. Might just have been a bad day but I will not be back.
Got my first bikini wax ever here, staff is very professional and kind. Loved the bikini wax I used Nikki she made me feel very comfortable. I would never think of Wax being spa like but it was! The only thing I would complain about is price, but you definitely pay for what you get.
I'm not sure what Diana R. is talking about. I just got a detailed Bikini wax done by Nikki Jordan and it was awesome. She made sure I was comfortable and did a wonderful job. I would def recommend her for a wax job. Its pretty hard to make a bikini wax a pleasant experience and she was able to do just that for me.
I'm reviewing this for my wife. She goes mostly for pedicures, facials, and massages. She doesn't go for hair appts. She loves this place, has gone to many other places, but loves Cloud 9 the best. Makes it easy on me for Christmas and Birthday gifts. Decor inside is very nice. They are always very very pleasant. Great place to go and treat yourself to a spa treatment. We would highly recommend this place.
This place is alright, but I get the impression that they hire a lot of people for their first spa job.  I've been here twice, and both times I think the person doing my wax was under the age of 20.  It was a little unsettling. Also, they won't do a full brazilian wax.  If want everything gone, you will have to go somewhere else.
Positive - Facials and massages are awesome and your not waiting a whole day to be seen Negative - If your getting your hair highlighted and cut get ready to wait half a day to be seen. You pay a lot and it's not worth the wait.   4 Stars for facials and massages minus 2 stars for hair appointments
I loved the deep tissue massage I received here (ask for Kathryn)!  I haven't tried Cloud 9's other services, but I will definitely be returning here for massages on a regular basis.  As a first time visitor I was impressed with the customer service and facilities.  The lady at the front desk was very friendly and gave me an excellent mini tour.   My only complaint is the waiting/relaxation room.  Unless you have a friend to chat with or your wait is short, you'll be sitting here bored until they're ready for you.  The room is too dark to be able to read a magazine or book, and there aren't any available anyways. Still, I was a happy customer - I felt relaxed days after I received my massage.
