The only reason I come to this salon is for Nicole. She is fabulous. She has always done a great job on my hair and both of my sisters' hair as well. I trust her judgment completely. She is very professional and really listens to your preferences, which is really important since after you leave the salon you're the one who has to look at yourself. I've never gotten a bad cut or color and I would wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone. The salon is cute and stylish, but like all the other posts have said, the owner is kind of a jerk and not friendly at all. I will still give this a 5-star rating because I love Nicole and think she does a wonderful job. She has an incredible gift!
I came in to this salon with a serious hair emergency! I got Tina and she fixed me up turned my orange brassy hair into a natural blonde beauty! She did a great job correcting other peoples mistakes and fixed my horrible cut! So glad I found this place.
I finally found a stylist who gives a great cut without taking off length!  In the past, I'd go for almost a year without a hair cut because every time I'd go in for a trim the stylist would end up taking off way too much length.  Karen is wonderful!  She kept my length and shaped my bangs perfectly.  The rest of staff is also very friendly (at both locations).
Hair color techniques not impressed with. My hairstylist relocate out of town. I saw a different person and the results were upsetting.
Veda Salon and Spa has changed ownership and is now called Mode Salon West. Come check out all the fabulous changes! If you would like to leave a review for a recent visit please review under Mode Salon West's page.
THE BEST SALON IN GAINESVILLE! Don't be fooled by the reviews of the old salon, Mode Salon West is AMAZING! Everyone there is very professional and friendly, and the atmosphere is great. I'm always very nervous when I go to a new stylist, but from the moment I walked in I knew I was in good hands! Russell spent so much time with me and truly went above and beyond my high expectations. I walked out with the best cut and color I've ever had. He is spectacular! I can't give enough praise!
I recommend Daniel to everyone. He listens and he is so intuitive, he just seems to know what you want even before you tell him. He is a color expert and his cuts are gorgeous The new salon is beautiful, at once chic and earthy (it has that wonderful Aveda small I love so much). Great lighting. Extremely professional staff. I love the text message appointment reminders, too. I have to drive a long way to get here but it is worth it.
