Well, from my prior posting concerning Elan Hair Studio, you can imagine my angst when I called to schedule an appointment with Ashley Patrice, my stylist, and was informed that she no longer worked there.  But I must give major kudos to Elan, they supplied me with her new location and phone number.  I was relieved that she was still in town.  I immediately called Mode to schedule an appointment.   Mode is big city salon meets small town hospitality.  Upon my arrival I was greeted at the door and welcomed.  The owner spied a new guest and welcomed me himself and gave me a tour of the salon.  It's gorgeous.  Beautiful colors, decor and modern facilities fill the building.  I was given a cup of coffee when Ashley came out to greet me. I would follow Ashley anywhere within 8 hours driving.  She is fun, smart, patient and great with my hair.  If I were straight, I would try to steal her from her boyfriend. One added plus for Mode - the price is very reasonable.  Oh, and they're very environmentally conscious, if that's your thing. Not to mention the owner is kinda cute.
I have not been to this location in awhile, but when I went it was great. The stylist is no longer there but apparently they have a new one who specializes in curly hair so I am excited to give her a go! The location next to TJ Maxx is pretty good, everyone is really nice. I wish the girl who cut my hair would have been more honest about not really knowing how to cut curly hair. I tried helping her out explaining I needed an S Pattern, etc. but she still cut horrible layers and I have been growing it for awhile now. i called and SW the manager and she was very understanding. I had an appt that next week so i wish they would have offered to give me a discount or something, but they did not. Oh well, I will keep going to the University Ave location instead :)
Went to mode salon because it seemed like a classy place and should be able to do great hair. However I came out after 5 hours of being there with ORANGE highlights!!! HORRIBLE results....I felt like it was a hair school because my lady was fumbling about and the mistake happened bc the foil bled onto my scalp creating the biggest orange spot on my main part! I attempted to have it fixed and round 2 was even worse! This salon is terrible and their people can't do highlights! Now I am forced to pay hundreds of dollars to fixed my damaged hair. This place doesn't even deserve 1 star!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE !!! Unless you want your hair ruined.
It's getting really hard to even THINK about going anywhere else. I went there today because I've been on the lookout for a ghd straightening iron and met with Lonie. The man knows everything there is to know about hair! He also knows tons about ghd and took the time to explain the history of the company and how the straightening iron works. The straightening is pretty easy but I have a difficult time with using the iron to make curls. So, when Lonie sat me down and showed me how to do it, I was totally impressed. Not only did he show me how to do the curls, he made me do them and guided me throughout the entire process. Lonie is the BEST! I am using it for the first time tomorrow and I can't wait!!!
Schedule a hair appointment with India, and you will not be disappointed!  She's fantastic!
Unable to perform to expectation. Think twice before deciding on special trendy techniques. Non experience staff with hair coloring.
THis was the MOST AWFUL. AWFUL. experience I have ever had at a hair salon. Not only was my hair not cut the way I wanted/asked, but when I requested it to be fixed, I was told that she was NOT going to fix it and that I should have specified when I first came in. I don't really understand why it couldn't have been fixed, I was still in the chair. awful, awful awful. DO NOT go here if you are looking for a place that cuts bangs well. I look like a 12 year old boy with a bowl cut. I signed up for Yelp just so I could write this review, if that gives you any idea of how ugly my hair looks right now.
