I was very impressed with Total Image Salon. I read that this place was reasonably priced and I saw rave reviews about Tina. I was able to get an appointment the same day I called but Tina was booked. Debra was the stylist who cut and highlighted my hair instead. She was awesome!! I had wanted very natural looking highlights but that would make a noticeable difference. Debra immediately knew what I wanted- Sun kissed, she called it. A similar request for natural highlights to a different stylist resulted in paying twice as much for a shade that I could barely see the difference of.   Since I've gotten my hair highlighted, I've received numerous compliments from coworkers and friends noticing my hair. Debra got it exactly right. She really paid attention to detail and spent a lot of time with me making sure my hair looked great. I was just getting a trim, but the haircut Debra gave me was also excellent. I would definitely recommend Total Image Salon. Its not a fancy location, but the stylists are wonderful!
Tina has been cutting my hair for years, and has always done an amazing job. She was booked (with good reason), and couldn't get to me until next week, but another stylist, Kara, was available. Since I needed my haircut for an event, I booked an appointment today with Kara. As soon as I walked in, she was immediately very friendly and listened to me as explained what I was looking for. She listened to me and I am very happy with my haircut. Now I have 2 stylists there that I can count on to cut my hair right, and chances are one will be able to accommodate my busy schedule. As other reviews say, the outside of the building isn't the most attractive place to get your hair cut, but the people are friendly, and the service is AMAZING!!!
Tina is a miracle worker. Me and my roommates have been seeing her for a few years until we graduated(3 blondes / 1 brunette) and she does a phenomenal job. Saddest part is the fact that I graduated but every time I come through Gainesville I stop in. Her building needs some TLC but her work and prices outweigh that any day. Again just phenomenal.
I have been to see Tina three times now for highlights and cut. Don't be deterred by the exterior and area of town that the salon is located in. Tina is the most experienced stylist I have every met. She explains everything and is completely honest about what looks best for you. The prices are great and the service is top notch. Five stars!!
I would never walk into this shop as it is old and not fancy at all. but...with the consistent 5 star reviews on Yelp I ventured in...a snowbird hoping to get a decent cut and color that would not totally destroy my hair. I have never seen anyone cut like Tina cuts hair. I was curious...same with her hair color. She mixed solution in a way I have not seen...but exactly how I cook. The results were stunning. Thanks Tina. She cuts and colors hair better than  what I have paid $200 .00 for.  This is not a spa but the price is right and the cut is excellent.
Tina fit me in on the same day I called her, needing to get a cut and color for a business trip.  She gave me the best cut and color I've had in years. The price was more than resonable, and she asked all the right questions. Including how often I realistically made appointments to tailor the job the the upkeep it would receive. She has a long history with the job and with gainesville and it shows. Don't come here for the bells and whistles.  Who cares about that? Come here for character and an awesome "do"!!! High recommendations!!
Drove 65 miles to see Tina hinson again today! My hair has never looked or felt better!
Called last night she got me in at 9:30 this morning. Very friendly, and an awesome beautician. I love my haircut and the cute style she gave me. Good price and awesome experience. Definitely going back :)
Just went here for the first time! Tina was awesome, she explained everything she was doing to my hair as she did it. And, she said if I mess with it at home and decide I don't like the length, I can come back and she will trim it again for free! Miles ahead of the awful chain hair places I have been to, and her prices were only slightly higher than theirs. I have a short haircut, and she managed to make it look feminine, and cut it exactly as I like it. Will definitely be returning.
WHAT A GREAT FIND!  Tina is AMAZING!!!!!! The only bad part about finding Tina at Total Image Salon is that I'm graduating soon! :(  I seriously wish I could go back in time! After trying hair salon after hair salon in Gainesville & surrounding areas, I had seriously considered dying my hair black to cover up the damage!  Then I went to Tina!    At first, I was sketched out by the look of the inside beauty parlor, but then the quality of the services rendered, and final outcome of my hair, made it the BEST decision EVER!     Not only did she listen to my 'hair-&-locks' desires,' and achieved it, then she BLEW ME AWAY with 'how-to' tips, kindness, & down-to-earth attitude...not to mention her 20+ years of hairstyle professional skills!  PLUS, it was SOOOO affordable!   I will only go to Tina at Total Image Salon from now on!
Totally agree that she is the best for curly hair! She is very nice and will do what you want. The building is bout the newest, but she is the best I've every been to!
I love this quiet salon, located conveniently in Downtown Gainesville, FL, and the owner is lovely as well. Tina is an amazing stylist. With fine wavy to curly-ish hair, for most of my life it has been nearly impossible to get a good (much less great) haircut. I've had cuts and styles around the world, including in Los Angeles (where, arguably, one could expect to find a great hairstylist, even if you must pay $80-200 to get it). Sadly, I've paid that much and gotten mediocre or even poor haircuts. I've had stylists who wouldn't listen to moi input or who insisted upon razoring my fine, curly hair (insanity) and I've, for most of the last couple of decades, had not so great haircuts. Tina at Total Image Salon was the exact opposite. I found her when I bumped into a woman with a great haircut. I immediately knew that the stylist who could give that woman a great cut would know how to cut moi hair (and I was correct)! Tina is a fine, wavy/curly hair genius and so courteous and professional. She intuited the style that would be best for me, quickly cut my hair, and had a nifty styling product that great for my hair type as well. Her salon is mid-renovation and going to be even more BEAUTIFUL. The décor is retro-modern, so vintage colors and hip retro accessories in an up-to-date and modern atmosphere (it's nearly done, the finishing touches are being added). I got compliments on my new cut (was told I look 5-8 years younger, just from the new style) and the words used to compliment my hair, by friends and total strangers, were: chic, feminine, sexy, and beautiful. Tina is professional, kind, and has a generous spirit and is full of client-specific relevant hair tips and info which she readily shared (she gave me the most incredible tip for self-coloring--to prevent my ends from continuing to get overly dark). The price was very affordable and she is super fast. I will be having my hair cut here whenever I am anywhere near the South (and may have to fly back for haircuts, as I've only had lackluster over-priced cuts in Santa Monica, Venice Beach, Silver Lake and elsewhere in LA).
