I've been living in Casselberry for 8 years and JUST discovered this gem thanks to Yelp. I wasn't sure what to expect, if the festival would be small or lame or whatever. My friend and I were both pleasantly surprised by the crowd, variety of authentic German cuisine, tasty beer selection, and vibrant Deutsch culture. The location and layout are absolutely perfect for this event. The inside of the German Society building reminded me of the old Festhaus at Busch Gardens in Tampa, complete with a kitchen, dining area, and live polka band on stage with people of all ages dancing in the center of the room.  The main inside kitchen is here and you'll also find desserts in this area. Outside you'll find a family-friendly environment, perfectly shaded by large oak trees, with long rows of picnic tables for eating (again, reminded me of the Festhaus), another live traditional band with dance floor, and multiple food stops and beer tents nicely decorated with lights and beer flags. There are bounce houses, arts and crafts, and cotton candy for the kids, and a handful of other vendors. The ambiance is awesome... At no point did I feel like I was at a "festival", I felt like I was in someone's backyard having a kick-ass (yet chill) family party with 5,000 friends.  It was cozy, but not stuffy, busy, but easy to maneuver. We ate a bit of everything; spaetzle, schnitzel, bratwurst, sauerkraut, potato salad, pretzels, apple strudel, black forest cake, and even some German coffee. The brats with sauerkraut had to be my favorite. Next year I'll skip the black forest cake and stick with the strudel. My friend and I have both planned and executed large events, and we were impressed by the organization of the festival. The grounds were also extremely clean, staff appeared well-trained, and people were very well behaved considering the amount of alcohol being consumed. We didn't see any crazy rowdy behavior like we've seen in other events, which was refreshing. I'm sad it took so long to discover this event, but can't wait to go back next year!
This review is specifically for their annual Oktoberfest celebration. I've been going to these for a few years now and can honestly say they really know how to put on a good party! They have a huge biergarten with a stage in the middle. There are a couple dozen large oak trees that provide ample amounts of shade, so don't hesitate to come here on a hot day. If you get there early enough, you can grab a parking spot in their small grass lot, otherwise you'll need to drive around and park on a side street. They were serving two kinds of beer this last time: Schneider Weisse and Warsteiner. I'm personally a Weissbier girl, so I mainly stuck to that... mainly. The food... oh man... if I stayed here any longer I would have gained 10 lbs... Schzitzel... more schnitzel... wursts of all kinds (no currywurst though, which saddens me)... potato pancakes... cakes and apfelstrudel... hog heaven, people!!! If the heat is too much for you, there is also a beautiful indoor ballroom with lots of tables... and it's close to the dessert table, so that's a plus! There is also a shop inside the ballroom that sells many favorite German goods and also some used clothing... lederhosen!! Yay!! The polka bands and dancers and fun to watch, especially when the little kids join in on the fun! This event is not to be missed so grab your wallet and your favorite stein and head on down for some fun!
There isn't a whole lot I can or should add to Megan H.'s review as it's extremely accurate and well-written. I've been here for the Oktoberfest and Springfest events (the most recent Springfest was on Apr. 16 ... I missed it! Boo!) and both are awesome. I always have fun at the events, as there's plenty to drink and eat and lots of people to have fun with. Not sure how I missed the recent Springfest, but I'm looking forward to Oktoberfest! Check out the website for further details and dates, etc. One last note: I can't really comment on the food, since all I've really eaten here is the potato pancakes. (I don't like sausages or hot dogs or anything like that.) However, they have a ton of food at the festivals here and everyone seems to love it, so it must be good. If German food is your "thing," then don't miss the festivals here! The potato pancakes are great, too!
The German American Society is a private club that operates all year long. They put on two Oktoberfest parties every year and also do a Springfest. I've been going to the Oktoberfest celebrations there for the better part of the last decade. There are definitely more people there these days but that's a good thing. If you don't like crowds I would recommend the Springfest, there are still a lot of people but you're not tripping over people or fighting to find a place to sit. I don't think the food is very good but you have to remember they are serving the food from steam-tables so none of it is cooked to order. If you're not used to good German food you'll probably like it, otherwise I would recommend heading down to Sanford and stopping in at the Willow Tree. The best part about the festivals is that they're good for the whole family. There are always a ton of kids running around. I would feel comfortable taking my mom and my daughter to the events. There is always a great polka band playing (actually two bands) and a lot of chicken dancing going on.
If you're looking for an authentic German Festival, make sure to visit Oktoberfest at the German Association!  They have it all; beer, bratwurst, desserts, dancing, shopping, oh my!   The venue is great and provides a large outdoor area for the festival.  Make sure to bring cash as these folks don't like the card.  If you have a pair of lederhosens, wear them!  You will certainly fit in as every other person has a pair.  Also, stay away from the bingo lady.  She will tempt you with her cards, but you will soon be poor!
My boyfriend and I were searching for festivals in Orlando and found the hidden gem! We had a great time, minus parking in the graveyard, that was highly awkward!  The potato pancakes were to die for, and I stuck to wine the whole night (but my boyfriend loved the beer!) We sat at the international meet and greet table for a little while and had the best time meeting people from all over the world.  The dancing was fun to watch, the outfits were fun to see, and the food was great.  It was small and family friendly.  I would definitely go again next year! The accents were a ton of fun to hear as well!
Being an actual German, born and raised, I had great expectation. I drove all the way from Kissimmee over there and parking was a bit of a mess. If you don't want to walk 5,10 min, bring $5. Admission is another $5 and then you must have cash to buy meal and drink tickets on a one-for-one basis. Once you've done all that - time to have fun! The venue has already been described by other reviewers quite accurately so I'll just go right to the cake! God, was I happy to see all those German baked goods!!! Pair that with the offerings of bratwurst, sauerbraten, schnitzel and all the side fixins and you have yourself a little pricey but yummy plate to soak up all that alcohol in the strong beers. I only gave it 3 stars because I don't drink beer and I don't dance so there wasn't much for me to do after I ate and had a glass of wine. But I still had the greatest of times with the ambiance and just being around my people again. Don't be afraid to come in lederhosen or a dirndl by the way. A ton of people dressed up traditionally.
This organization throws a great Oktoberfest. Many thankless volunteers spend hours of their time making sure the crowd is entertained, well fed and provided with all the beer they can want to drink. I was able to join in their Oktoberfest on October 1st. I loved seeing people dancing in traditional German garb. Everyone  was in good spirits and well behaved. It was a good time for all. They will be repeating the event October 22 (see gasocf.com/14.html for details). There is only a $5 cover and food prices vary from $4-$12. Beers run about $4 each. You need to buy tickets to purchase food and drink but they will refund any unused tickets when you leave. Get there early because it gets crowded. The potato pancake line gets real busy so that will be one of the first booths that you visit.
Best Oktoberfest in Central Florida!  There are two Oktoberfests each year and we always try to make at least one of them.  Good selection of authentic German food and beer.  Family friendly.  Lots of dancing, a parade and stein holding contests!  Prost!
