Absolute perfection.  I'm such a fan of German food and The Willow Tree literally never disappoints.   All of the various schnitzel styles are authentic and great-tasting.  The different sausages (mmm bratwurst) are plump, juicy, and flavorful. The sandwiches are awesome too, with the Red Reubenstein (a Reuben with red cabbage substituted for the sauerkraut) being my personal favorite. The beer...well...it's a German restaurant, so you do the math.  It's like my own personal heaven. This might literally be my favorite restaurant in the greater Central Florida area.  The historic downtown area of Sanford is really quaint and maintained very well, with this restaurant being the crown jewel.   The live music they bring in and the festive atmosphere make this an unforgettable experience. Try it.  You'll love it.   Ok I'm done gushing now.  Prost!
I am glad that I finally got to try this place! What a fun German atmosphere. There was a live band there playing German and American music. We started with the large pretzel. The mustard was a little sweet and paired nicely with the salty pretzel. I was impressed that they had a separate healthy menu with gluten free and vegetarian options! I had the Vegetarian Spatzel Toss (with fresh veggies and an olive oil/white wine sauce) for dinner which was delicious and light. I also had a side salad. I tried the Eisbein, which was amazing and melted in your mouth. I would definitely go back!
If you're looking for German food anywhere around Orlando, this is your place. I live nearby, so when we have friends come in to town, this is where we go! There's plenty of room indoors, and even outside on the patio, but on the weekends they have live German music and this place gets packed, so you might have to wait. If you have a large party and its a weekend night, you probably want to make a reservation. It's simple German food - tasty and flavourful, basic fresh ingredients, and plenty of good beer. Perfect! I went to Berlin recently and whenever we went out to eat, I just kept thinking of the Willow Tree back home. It's that good.
Beer is good but the food was awful and I am not even a picky eater.  I've never had German food before but this food was just terrible, I don't understand all the good reviews they have and definitely will not be coming back.  Not to mention this food was wayyyyyy overpriced .
I usually avoid visiting this place on the weekend when I'm visiting. It can be ridiculously busy. But if you want to see all the excitement, you have to go then...at least once. (Make reservations!) My family and I usually go for lunch or dinner on a weekday. We've never had a problem with service and they have a great beer selection! This place is definitely a shining (German) star in little, old downtown Sanford. My usual: Der Wanderer Sound level varies. Average on the weekdays. Loud-very loud on the weekend.
Great stop for a Saturday lunch with the kids!   My wife and I arrived here on a Sat. around 11am with a famished 6 year old son and restless 4 year old after an overnight journey on the Amtrak Autotrain, which arrived in Sanford.  Although I'm not usually a fan of German food, the sausages were tasty and worth the stop.  In particular, the smoked bratwurst was our favorite with a side of sauerkraut. The kids had one of the "kinder meals" with schnitzel.  While the dishes are not worth a special trip from Orlando, it was a pleasant surprise to find this place after an overnight train ride. I was impressed by the selection of German beers, but did not have a chance to try one as the drive to Disney World beckoned. On Saturday morning, the restaurant was not crowded.  We enjoyed a brief stroll by  the outdoor market and delightful used book store next door. For the kids, we also visited the German deli shop (same owners as the restaurant) and purchased gummy bears and chocolates for the drive to Walt Disney World. I think it's a great stopover for families with kids who are coming down on the Autotrain. Most probably dart west to I-4 in order to get to Orlando as quickly as possible, but I think a brief stopover for lunch at this restaurant is a great way to begin your vacation in Orlando.
The food are great. The beer is excellent. Service is good. It can be crowded for lunch. My favorite is Jaeger Schnitzel, side of German potato salad and spatzle. If you can't find parking along the 1st street, keep going on 1st past the restaurant on your right, it should be a public parking lot on the left hand side pass the first light.
Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe is very popular and well-known., but when I found out this German eatery was doggy friendly, I had to check it out. So Lulu  (my beagle) and I got a seat on the patio, danced a little to the beer garden-style music playing, and ordered a schnitzel. Willowtree doesn't have a doggy menu, but they had no problems letting me order something for Lulu. So my pork schnitzel came, with its potato pancake and red cabbage sides. It was delicious, so delicious. You could tell everything was fresh made, and the schnitzel was light and delicate and not greasy at all. It could have been heavy and it wasn't. The potato pancake was nicely seasoned and came with applesauce and sour cream. The red cabbage was good, nice and vinegary. Not as good as my German grandma's, but is it ever really? Lulu got a bratwurst. Cooked and cut to order. And gone in 30 seconds. Honestly, it's not worth asking if she liked it, I don't think she even tasted it. The only thing I was truly disappointed at was they had no black forest cake on hand. :( It was gonna take 20 minutes before it was ready, as they were making it at the time. I didn't want to wait, especially since they don't allow dogs in their Magnolia Square Market nearby. But the service was fantastic, and everyone loved Lulu. A great lunch, and I have a reason to come back... without the dog!
If you love German food, then, this is THE place to be.  They have one of THE best sandwiches in the whole world - the Red Reubenstein.  I would sell my soul for this sandwich.  It is a Reuben sandwich with red cabbage heaped on.  It makes your taste buds dance.  The sandwich comes with chips, but my recommendation is to substitute them for the mouth watering warm German potato salad or sauerkraut. They have a great selection of beer including a German non-alocholic beer, if you're into that kind of thing.   They also have live entertainment some nights of the week which makes the place very lively. The service is good, but expect your food to take a little longer when they are busy- still TOTALLY worth it!!!!
My friends said this was a great place to go and eat.  I am not a huge fan of German food but in the end I agreed to go.  We had a reservation for Saturday night.  Our table was being used and we had to wait 30 mins. Then when we were seated it took over 45 mins just to get our drinks.  The atmosphere was loud and the service was poor.  But I actually thought the food was decent.  I don't think I will be going back any time soon
"Is that guying playing the cowbell?" Yes, he sure is!      This place is simply awesome. I moved to Chicago about a year ago and in a city known for its food I still haven't found a German Restaurant that comes close to the Willow Tree.       I've have their Schnitzels, Brats, and authentic German beer (which can be bought by the liter) and all of it was excellent (everytime). If you like German food this is a can't miss.      They also have a live German Band (Thu through Sun I believe) that can turn the night into one big sing along.  The band plays a wide variety of instruments I.E. the cowbell.      The servers aren't overly friendly, but that's being knit picky.       Delicious hearty food, a liter of German beer, and a live German sing along, can life get any better?
I had heard a lot about this place, but never went until now. It's typical, classic German food and on most nights you will get live music and entertainment. I shared a sausage platter for two and I have to say, everything was really flavorful and super moist. That's an incredible feat considering pork is one of those dishes that can dry out fast if you're not careful. My only nit picky thing is about the "Heavenly Mash Potatoes." They were delicious, don't get me wrong, but the bacon fat used to make them almost overpowered the whole side dish. Still, you can never go wrong with bacon! Also, if you're not a dog lover, don't sit outside. The night I went there we saw a Golden Retriever, an Irish Wolfhound and an English Bulldog. I personally love that, but I have friends who are terrified of chihuahuas. I'm only giving this place 4 out of 5 stars because of the pricing. The potato pancakes were not handmade, they were machine pressed. They were delicious, no denying it, but if you're not making them by hand I just don't get charging like they were. Also, most of the schnitzel entrees are $17 which seems slightly over priced. The dinner-for-two my BF and I shared was $28. Having said that, I will definitely be back for some great food, even better beer and good entertainment. =)
Wunderbar!! If you like people, beer, German food, great live music, and an environment that seems to celebrate a zest for living then you'll love this place. Whether I'm with just my husband or with a large group of co-workers I feel the welcoming embrace of The Willow Tree. It's hard for me to understand negative reviews of the environment of this place but their "cons" are my "pros".  This has remained a once-a-month favorite for years.
Excellent German food- my crowd had two different kinds of schnitzel (2 veals and a pork) and they were perfectly fried and tender. For sides, we chose red cabbage, German potato salad, sauerkraut, and spaetzle. All were well-executed. I probably would have liked more vinegar in the German potato salad, but that's splitting hairs. Portion sizes are large but not unmanageable. I was happy to have skipped lunch, though. Beer selection is outstanding. Our server recommended Aventinus, a wheat doppelbock. Kind of unusual, extremely tasty. Glad we got here early- this place gets packed on Saturdays. Thankfully hanging out outside the door is easy in good weather.
I had heard so many great things about this place I had to come check it out for my self with a few friends, the place is located in the heart of Sanford next to a couple of business across from a vacant business. The place was not just great but awesome everything about this place tells me why everyone talks so much about it and the reviews are so  good. I ordered there version of a Ruben sandwich witch was amazing it was fresh and it was perfect and you could choose a different side including German Potatoes salad or just regular potatoes chips. The waitress was very friendly and she also suggested to me witch beer to get sense it was my first time there (Schneider-Weisse Aventinus) a light beer but very tasteful and remind me a lot of Shock top. The food over all was very but I think everything including the beer was a bit over priced....$8.00+ for a sandwich with chips and $5.86 for a beer of course the beer was pretty big(.3 L) and equals to two so I guess I can't really complain much but what made up for the prices was the service,food and friendly staff but also I loved the atmosphere,we ate out site enjoying the great weather and watching people drive/walk by.The food came out quick and our service was fast and easy and pain-less. The place offers entertainment on weekends and is open 7 days a week but only till 3pm (offering only lunch) on Mondays, I highly recommend this place to anyone that enjoys German food or wants to enjoy a meal out doors, also they are opening a deli pretty soon nearby with German meats. CHECK INSIDE , IT IS PRETTY COOL WITH A NICE BAR AND YOU REALLY GET THAT GERMAN ATMOPSHERE! One  of the best German place I have been to and definitely my favorite. I cannot wait to come back soon.
Pretty good German restaurant in Sanford. My sister and family live nearby and they love the place, so they invited the whole family to meet them there. I am not super experienced with German food, but I have had it a few times. For my entree on my bro-in-law's recommendation I had the Einsbein ($17) which was a huge pork shank with the bone in the middle. The pork was tender and absolutely delicious. I didn't like my sides because the "heaven on earth" mashed potatoes were sweet and had too much apple flavor and I don't really like sweet mashed potatoes. Also the kase spatzel (egg noodles with butter and cheese) was like a weak mac and cheese and I didn't care for it. However, I tried some of my wife's potato pancakes, which were awesome and she had a green salad that she said was very good. They also have an extensive German beer selection including Weihenstephaner, one of my faves, and many others German beers, so if you don't want to eat you can order a huge stein of beer or even "Das Boot" if you have a group. We mostly ate way too much meat and potatoes. Wife and daughter had the chicken schnitzel ($14.99), which is exactly like a "milanesa de pollo" you can get at Latin restaurants, and they liked it. Service was good. Prices are a little high in my opinion and I don't know if I would drive to Sanford just to eat here, but if you're in the area and like German fare, this is a pretty good spot.
I recently stopped in purely by chance- as I was in the neighborhood on a different errand. I ordered the Willow Tree's Famous Chicken Salad - it was wonderful! The atmosphere inside is down home-y and all the art on the walls is for sale.  Our waitress (Debbie) was very nice and helpful in ordering.  She gave us the run down on what night has which special, and when the live entertainment is scheduled. Their home-brewed peach tea (unsweet) was out of sight! I recommend stopping in for a quick lunch, I'm not particularly into heavy German food (sausages, schnitzel) so I was pleased by the fresh taste of the chicken salad sandwich I ordered.
BEER, SAUSAGE, & MUSIC!!! This is what this place is! Went here on a Friday night around 6:30pm with a group of friends. We had 7 people. Even though we got there decently early, we couldn't get a table inside. I would suggest if you know you are coming here in advance, make a reservation. We ended up getting a table outside which wasn't terrible. It was a chilly night but they had heaters outside so it was OK. The beer selection was pretty decent. They had 5 regular German beers on tap with another few seasonals as well. They also had a selection of bottled German beers too. Drafts beers were available in 0.5L, 1.0L, 2.0L, and 3.0L although you had to have at least 4 people to order the 2 or 3 liter beers (kind of a tradition there). I stuck with the 0.5L size because I could sample most of the different beers and I would never get stuck with warm beer. The price point wasn't good enough for me to get the next level up (only like 30 cents difference). The food here was very very German. The typical sausage, sauerkraut and cabbage choices along with a few others. Food was very good but my cholesterol definitely sky rocketed after this meal. There's no way I could EAT (i didn't say drink) here this often. I would recommend potato pancakes and the spatzel as must try food. Overall, I would say the atmosphere was cool. They had live music and was really a beer drinking theme throughout. Like I wouldn't suggest taking a date here or your little baby here. Not really kid friendly. Because this place is sooo far from Orlando, I probably won't be coming out there too often. Would have to be a special occasion or might have to carpool. My experience here is sitting outside which I'm sure is missing out some from the inside experience. Next time I go, I'll have to make a reservation and sit inside. I'll do an update once that happens...
This place was great when it wasn't so popular.  Mr. Hollerbach doesn't personally greet you at your table anymore, and the food is a little more expensive and a little less quality.  The desserts used to be the highlight of the meal, but were bland tonight. Hollerbach's is still worth a visit, though, to listen to the Oompah band while you dine and quaff down a few draft German beers.   Definitely fun with a group.  The food is still decent even though they don't change up the menu much anymore. I recommend reservations in the evening unless you are prepared to wait for a table.
Huge fan of the Willow Tree! The food is consistently good (likely b/c I consistently order the same thing) and the hostest with the mostest, Coney, is quite a trip! Ask her to make fruit with liquor - that's her personal specialty! The only reason I give it 4 stars is the service is horrible. The servers usually are lacking any personality and my order (even though it's the same) is usually wrong. Food=fantastic Service=lacking Would return=hell to the yeah!
This place is awesome!! Such a fun place, fun atmosphere, tons of awesome live German Music, lots of beer (They serve it in a boot if you want the big one!), the food is good German food too! I've been here a few times for friends and family's birthday dinners-what a fun time! It is loud though if you go during the live music (obviously) so maybe come another time if you like a quiet enviornment-the food will still be good! They have recently opened up a deli too, be sure to check that out for some good German lunch meat!!
Great food and beer. Very busy on Friday and Saturday with long waits but worth it if you have the time. We waited for a table one time and when we were seated, the server told us it would be about 45 minutes to get our food from the kitchen. We couldn't wait that long so we left but I am very glad that the server told us how long it would be. We have never had bad service there and crowds are much smaller the rest of the week and during lunch. The band is awesome too!
Seriously great German restaurant.  I've had the pork knuckle and the schnitzel and they both were awesome. The place is super active with live German music.  A dude played a rubber chicken.  They have a great selection of fresh cakes for dessert too. Have a beer, sing along,  and enjoy what it's like to be Bavarian if only for a night. If this place were on I drive, we'd all hate it, but for whatever reason it's just cool.
if your looking for some authentic german food this is your place. My father was born in Germany so i grew up with my grandparetns cooking a lot of german food. The food is beyond great and their spatzle is to die for! don't leave without trying it and you have to get the brown sauce on top! Its a really fun place and there are little antique shops around too.
Food is still good but the prices have gone up by 20% or more over the past year or so.  The new menu is a major disappointment and the service, while friendly and courteous, was slow - they appeared to be short staffed as all tables near me were complaining of the slow service. After 5 years of regular dining, it appears that I will no longer be dining at Hollerbach's.
This was the first restaurant we went to when we were house hunting 6 years ago and we continue to go and unless something weird happens...will do that for many more years!  We are new to Yelp so no review yet...so we'll pick this past  week's visit to talk about.  First of all, Thanks Theo and Family for keeping downtown Sanford alive.  The business you bring downtown must be appreciated by many of your fellow merchants. Food...good as usual.  Place was PACKED and while we find it normal and it's normal in other places/countries, we saw a person be a little weirded that we were at one end of a long table...sorry guys that's how it's done!  Since it was so crowded the food was slow in coming but it was hot/good/plentiful as usual.  Meanwhile, great music including audience participation and Theo making the rounds table by table...even drinking out of the boot at a couple. If you want to compare this place with the finest/best German restaurants in the world you're missing the point.  This is a fun, friendly, home-cooking kind of place where you can feel welcome, relax and have a good time.  Lunch, Dinner, doesn't matter.  Sit outside and have a Bit! Their deli around the corner on Magnolia Square is also good...check that out!  And mostly, make a point of going there or to the other fun places downtown Sanford.  Cute town, great people...
I ordered the Curry Wurst..... It wasn't that good.  It came with whatever the sausage was it normally comes with- a 1/2 veal, 1/2 pork sausage.  It was smothered in a "curry ketchup," which aside from the curry flavor, was VERY overbearing and heavy.  But the worst thing about the dish itself, was texture.  The sausage was very soft....almost as if undercooked, and swimming in a 1/2" layer of GREASE in the bottom of the oval ramekin. Simply wasn't a very good dish AT ALL.  Came with a side of warm German Potato Salad which was good, but a bit over seasoned.  My bartender Megan, was pleasant as always, and even suggested I try a different sausage next time, if I order it again.  She always has a smile, and is awesome!  But maybe that is simply because I have a thing for girls with tattoos?
If you love German food, beer and music, then you'll love Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe.  Always go here with a large group, and be sure you're hungry and ready to wait if you didn't make a reservation.  :) I really enjoy the kaese spaetzle and potato pancakes, but I think the most memorable for me is the sweet red cabbage, because pretty much every other German restaurant I've been to makes it wrong.  Lots of options as far as whether you're looking for a light or heavy meal, or lots of awesome sides like the ones I listed here if you're vegetarian. Overall always a fantastic experience!
Food was average at best and the service was terrible. I've heard great things about this place and was highly disappointed. No one in my family will eat there again.
My sister lives in the area and took my fiance and I here for lunch one visit. Now, it's a must whenever we are in town; not to mention we've convinced all of our own friends that this is the spot for glorious gastronomical delights. My foodie beau and I agree this is our favorite place to eat of all time, hands down. The food is rich and authentic. I have never tried anything here that wasn't delicious. The cheesy spatzle and red cabbage are a personal favorite, and everyone I know thinks the schnitzel is the shit. They have a wide array of beer, including some so dark you can't see through the glass. They're delicious, and a must try for anyone who has ever enjoyed a beer, or hasn't. I'm no beer connoisseur, but I have a feeling The Willow Tree will satisfy whatever flavors you're looking for. On occasion, I have had a less then thrilling encounter with some of the staff. Again, this has been pretty few and far between. Usually the wait staff are more then helpful and are quick with reliable and relative suggestions. Theo and his wife put a lot of effort into making sure the restaurant feels like your own kitchen, only with a few more people and a live polka band. Theo regularly takes breaks to chat with his guests; he really makes you feel welcome and appreciated. Hollerbach's is FUN. Simple as that. The combination of music, food and delicious beer seriously makes any boring night out into a party. Plus, the outside area is dog friendly! I highly suggest you stop by Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe for a real treat.
I have been coming here since its opened, it has all the charm It has always had but now they have greatly improved the menu. We tried all sides tonight and most appetizers along with some of the sausages and the sauerbraten. All was excellent as was the bier selection. A+!
Come to this place on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday.  Ignore the great food, ignore the great beer, go in order some food and enjoy the incredible band.  Those guys make you feel like you're sitting in a beer tent at Oktoberfest. The owner wanders around the restaurant and talks to the customers and he's always got great stories to tell!
Wow.  This place is really good.  Our server was knowledgeable and friendly.  My wife and I split the "Schlachthaus Platte Fur Zwei" (Butchershop Platter for two) as we were indecisive on what to get.  It has a little of everything, Kassler, LeberKase, Knockwurst, Weisswurst and Bratwurst with sauerkraut, red cabbage, German bread and so German Potato Salad.  We just about finished the plate.  It was all very good.  I topped it off with some Captain Morgan Rum cake and a seasonal Ale.   Every thing was very good and Mason, our server was informative about upcoming events and changes being made to the place.
I live about 30 minutes away from here but try to go at least once a month. Hands down the best German food I have had outside of Germany (and better then even some places in Germany). The atmosphere feels a bit like an old pancake cafe in a strip mall, but do not let that get you down. Its on the maid drag of downtown Sanford, a cute little area with some great local art galleries. The live music is always fun and the place is packed by 6pm Friday and Saturday (I have been told no reservations are taken the two times I tried to make them). The pretzel is amazing, schnitzel is awesome, you cannot go wrong! Food prices are a bit up there, but worth it! Also awesome dessert! Service has always been great as well.
I'll admit when I first walked in it wasn't my kind if place, but the service and food was excellent. I was looking for a date night kind of place, but this is a place where it's more of a girls night out kind of place. I wouldn't take my kids there even though I saw some there. Overall, if you're looking to have fun, definitely try this place out.
This place gets great reviews and  I wish I could give better.  The food was fantastic, I love the German beer options, the polka band is great, but the service is horrible.  The first time I went we were forgotten about, we were the servers only table outside, and she never made it out after she took our order.  Really missed the boat because I love beer and she costs herself a great tip.  On our recent visit with family from out town the food was spectacular.  We had various sausages for apps, and various Schnitzel's for dinner.  The server was a little better, but we did have to go to the bar to get several drinks.   The place is always packed and  because of that I feel like the they don't care about the service.  The food was really good, so I may try it again.
The Spaetzle is heavenly (now my mouth is watering!), the Schnitzel superb, the Potato Pancakes most excellent and although it doesn't really fit in, the Chicken Salad Sandwich is amazing! We have been eating at the Willow Tree for over 5 years and absolutely love it every time. It doesn't matter if you go for lunch or dinner, the place is typically packed and for good reason. They have fabulous food, a great beer selection and a multitude of fresh made desserts (which is why my mom and dad always want to go when they come to visit)! The music adds to the fun especially in the evening and whether you sit outside or inside, you are sure to have a wonderful time! If you have never been go give it a try... and take the kids too! Mine love to go and can't get enough of it!
Good German food including potato pancakes, schnitzel and apple strudel.  Cute downtown where you can dine outside and just a mile away from the Autotrain.
Where to begin? Should I praise the service first?  A server (not ours) brought gummy bears to me while I was outside pacing with a crying baby. Or the fact that our wonderful server helped us navigate the menu and never once looked askance at the three sugar rush, tired from a long day, and generally silly 11 year old boys in our party!  That was all impressive, but the food managed to outshine even that. I tried some of everybody's dish and couldn't be more pleased!  German food isn't exactly high on my list as meat heavy dishes aren't what I crave, but I can't wait to go back.  Love the long communal tables and can't wait to go back when they have live music.  Totally a gem!
Food is ok - it's ok German food but nothing special except its in Sanford - I could enjoy the food but for the always crappy attitude of the wait staff - like I'm doing them a favor eating there. Having eaten German food in Berlin, Düsselsorf, Mainz, Wiesbaden, Munich and Bad Tolz - I'd say the wait staff at the Willow Tree has ALOT to learn about how friendly Germans can be.
We've come here many times and the food is always fresh and tasty. We love it here and the atmosphere is great except that on Saturday nights it gets really crowded and loud. Service is great and so is entertainment. We come here often and will continue to do so. Speakers are a little too loud though.
I wrote a negative review a few months ago and feel the need to update it. It seems my bad experience was an isolated incident because I returned to the Willow Tree and the food and service was excellent! We arrived on a Friday night dinner service and everything was perfect. The polka band was in full-swing. The restaurant was busy but our service was fast and attentive. The food was hot and delicious when it hit the table. I think I had a bit of sticker shock when the bill came but that wasn't because of the food prices, it was due to the multiple beers that I ordered. Good food, good service and a great time with family and friends. They haven redeemed themselves in my eyes and I'll gladly return!
Always exploring new places, I tried Hollerbach's cafe / restaurant, and I really enjoyed it.  The atmosphere is like a lot of family-run restaurants--informal, comfortable, a lot of bric-a-brac all over.  The customers all seemed happy and talkative which I think is a good measure of the restaurant's success in making a pleasant atmosphere for people to eat.  And the staff was friendly and answered all my questions happily.  The guy who waited on me at the bar couldn't have been any nicer.  I had a Wurst Teller plate with 3 different sausages, with sauerkraut and potato pancakes (pancakes aren't shown on the menu) for sides, and a couple of Kostritzer schwarzbier to wash it all down.  Every single thing I ate was wonderful here.  Rich, flavorful sausages, spicy German mustard, warm and flavorful German potato salad, the excellent German beers on tap.  My only regret is that I ate so much that I didn't have room for dessert--they have some very tempting things in the display case.  (I saw a cheesecake and some other cakes in there like a German chocolate cake (which isn't a true German dessert, by the way), a black forest tort).  Also, I saw German beers on tap like Bitburger, Kostritzer, Tuch, and a couple others, which is pretty representative of the spectrum from pils and ale to dark.  Didn't see Spaten das Optimator, or hefeweizen, but I didn't look hard, either.  I asked for one of their world famous Reuben sandwiches with the red cabbage on it for carry out--it was terrific.  This was just one visit, but I really like this place and want to go again to explore more items.  Six stars if you like German food.
Been in twice now and extremely impressed both times! On my first visit a few years ago, I tried a sausage plate and was in awe of the speedy service, quality of the food, flavors, and the awesome atmosphere. Came back again a few years later and it was even better! On our most recent visit, we tried the pretzel, which came with a delicious, sweet mustard sauce and a cheese dip. For entrees, we tried a sausage plate and the wiener schnitzel. Both were excellent! We kept sampling off each others plates it was so good! Our sides were great too - husband had mashed potatoes with onions, bacon, and apples and the cucumber salad. He loved both! I had the potato pancake and spaetzel with gravy.. sooo good! We'll definitely be coming back!
After writing this review, I received a very nice email from the owner explaining to me that he appreciates my honesty and he will talk with his staff about my experience. I can say i really appreciated his humbleness and the fact that he is taking action on making sure his restaurant lives up to the great reputation it has built up over the years. Because of his email,  I am updating my review an extra star and will also give the restaurant another chance.
You will not find a more authentic German eatery in all of Orlando.  It's all the good German fare I remember from my time up north.  The food quality is always top notch, service great and beer DELICIOUS.  Only place I've found in Florida that I can enjoy a good beer in a boot!
This is a must when visiting friends and family in the Orlando area.  Great German food and beer, music several nights of the week, and just a great atmosphere overall.
This place really is awesome. Just look 30 reviews all 4-5 stars! You absolutely will not be disappointed here. The schnitzels are the shnit! Pretty waitresses! Music is great! So much fun!
This is a great restaurant if you want to experience German cuisine and "Gemuetlichkeit", take this from a German girl who now lives in Central Florida. I definitely feel a bit home sick every time I go, but that is a good sign, right? We always have a blast at the Willow Tree Cafe. We also like to take on the "boot challenge". Curious? Go check it out and let me know what you think ;) We try to go at least once a month, usually right after the Alive After Five Street Party in Sanford that takes place every second Thursday of the month. Prost!
My wife and I have enjoyed many lunches here. The schnitzel is fantastic and one day they had crab cakes as a special.  This is the choice for German cuisine. Theo Hollerbach is cordial most of the time but he can be unprofessional and obnoxious. One time my parents stopped by and saw that their was a 20 minute wait, so they decided to continue strolling along 1st ST when Theo yelled out to them"You can't wait"? 5 Stars when Theo is behaving.
This place is awesome! Good food great people and entertaining.
This place is wonderful. The food is really good and the atmosphere is awesome.
I love this restaurant! The beer is cold, the food is excellent, and the staff is personable and attentive. If I could change anything, I would change the lighting, but at least you can see your fellow guests. The schnitzel is excellent, the sausage is succulent. The potatoes are a bit different, but once you shove a forkful in your mouth, the sweet/salty takes over and you are in heaven.
I will have to wholeheartedly agree with the consensus that this is indeed the best German food in Central Florida. I was introduced to the Willow Tree a couple years ago by my father who works in downtown Sanford. The food here is very good, and very authentic. Their salads and sandwiches are very good, but if you are coming here it would be a shame not to get something a little more German. The smoked pork plate is absolutely excellent, and I personally always go with the sausage platter. Their weisswurst and bratwurst are the best I have had on this continent. The meals come accompanied with very good sauerkraut and potatoes, as well as hearty bread. Good, simple food perfectly done.   Their bar is well-stocked and their beer selection is excellent. I do not know of anywhere else in Central Florida where you can find such a selection of imported beers on draft. Paulaner, Warsteiner, Spaten, all the beers that you would expect to find at a great German restaurant. They do a great job of rotating these and of course have all the Oktoberfest brews as they become available. And they sell in metric sizes up to a one-liter stein, how cool is that? Come during a nice day and sit out front on their patio, or in the evening for live music. This place is a hidden gem and definitely worth the short drive to Sanford.
Totally over-rated. It's prob the best Sanford has to offer but  the food is average at best. I'm not sure what cool-aid the owners are drinking but they should try to sit down undercover and see how rude the bar tender is to customers and his co-workers and how he could care less how your meal turned out. I worked in a quality German rest and this is not one of them. Now as for sitting outside and enjoying a beer or sitting anyplace and enjoying  beer, this is the place. Beer Gardens are growing in popularity and it's amazing how much better they are than the Willow Tree. By the way, no hot bavarian pretzels in a beer garden. WHAT?
Took a drive to Sanford to support the local businesses that have been hurt by the fabricated racial profiling case (Trevor Martin). Hollerbach's is a great place for lunch and dinner. I had the grilled turkey pepperjack sandwich  -- always good. Hollerbach's is usually off my radar screen as its a bit of a drive for me to get here but i like to support local businesses and Hollerback's has been good to this community.   Hopefully the race baiters Jackson and Sharpton and the Black Panther party GTF out of town soon.
Well, I have eaten here a few times for both lunch and dinner over the years and this last time in December. Its always the same ho hum, maybe I'll try you again. Here is the deal.  I have traveled to Germany 3 times, I mean I Traveled everywhere from Bodensee, to Cologne, from Baded Baden to Munich. So I know a little about German fare, and I am a fan. When its good... but... Seriously, no Russe or Radler listed on the menu  In fact, when I asked one waitress she didn't think they carried it. I assured her they did. It was a cute  Ha Ha. Also, my take on German food is NOT weighty and greasy- on the contrary. I would say its satisfying, wholesome and more on the simple side. With that I have this to lend you: I tried the "pig on a Schtick". And that is the joke. It should be Eisibein. and it was not. It was cooked good but why so greasy? Most of the grease should have been rendered out. Concerning the potatoes-  just cause something is heavy and greasy with bits of bacon thrown in it does not make it good. Concerning the Kraut- stay away from it. Its not even what my Bubbe from Poland made. Here is a note from one source, Wikipedia...              Contrary to popular belief, sauerkraut is not a national German dish, and is actually eaten mostly in Russia, United States, and France. Some authorities say that it originated in Alsace, a region of France.   Actually, I thought everyone already knew that piece of food trivia. I have eaten Great Kraut in both Baden Baden and Strasbourg, just not here. The Spatzel??? Is that what that was supposed to be? I could go on. and tell you the prices are almost vulgar for the quality of food. However,I do enjoy the atmosphere, live music. and the people watching view. PS check out the fairly "new" deli around the corner and down some. I think it is awesome for both cut meats, salads and some of the harder to buy Sundries. Last I was there, they had all you could want for making your own home brew. Since it is owned by the same owner I give this deli 4 stars.
I have been going here for years. We don't go too often because the food is heavy, but it is tasty. You really cannot go wrong... unless you are on a diet. I highly recommend the kiesen brezen appetizer, spaetzle, and schnitzel champignon.  There is live music on the weekends, and I wouldn't miss it! I can be loud if you sit inside, but it is so fun. The indoor and outdoor seating areas are both nice.
Always happy when I can have a liter of Optimator! Everything was great, especially the Schnitzel. The wife and I did our usual sharing of everything. We had potato pancakes, and German potato salad (of course), a wonderfull spinach quiche, weisswurst, and the schnitzel. The beer selection is just awesome. They even do Das Boot! Get 5 friends together and down a 3 liter boot together. I never knew Sanford Florida had such a neat liitle downtown area. Some nice art galleries and shops along 1st ave. Even being 2 hours away we will be back ALOT!
Sanford is a highly underrated town with a midwestern suburbian feel to it.  Not only does Sanford sport a nice big lake for boating, but the downtown area is really reminiscent of typical Main Street.  This is actually quite hard to find if you live in Florida (Dunedin is also nice if you want to check that out).   Walking down mainstreet you see several restaurant choices, book shops, and small theaters, I decided to stop by Hollerbach's.   Glad I did, and typically German food seems a little too different for me...but it was outstanding.  Perhaps it was the environment I was taking in, but the food was great, the environment was great, service and pricing was just right.  A great experience for an explorer like myself.
Good beer, not bad food, nice atmosphere. Live music Thursday to Saturday is a lot of fun.
Outstanding! I went for lunch today with four friends and had a wonderful time. We were seated by the owner (a very nice man, by the way) in an area which had the most lovely cuckoo clocks hanging on the wall. Our server was super friendly and had a lot of good suggestions for us. Two of us split the Butchershop Platter for Two and substituted spaetzle with rahm sauce for the red cabbage - what a good choice that was. The spaetzle was really, really tasty. The potato salad was one of the best I've ever had. All the wursts were delicious, and the horseradish mustard complimented it very nicely. Two of our friends got the chocolate ganache cake for dessert and shared some with us... all I can say is WOW. How we had room for dessert is still a mystery, but I'm so glad we did - it was amazing. We will be making many return trips here. Mini-update: lunch was about 5 hours ago and I'm STILL really full :)  Take advantage of nearby lake Monroe and go for a long walk after your meal, or it'll be mega naptime for all.
Exceptional! Loved the food and atmosphere, the waitresses and the music.  Defiantly will be back!
I have a penchant for long reviews, so I'm going to try to keep this one short.  Pros: Good food, good gravy, lots of delicious beers on tap.  Cons: Loud, more appropriate for adults than for families with kids (I say this because of the noise, and the Beer! atmosphere), and they put gravy on my spätzle (it was good on the schnitzel, but not so much on the spätzle).  I wouldn't mind coming back as part of a large group and we wanted to have some fun, but for a relaxing meal with my husband I'd rather go somewhere quieter.
The atmosphere is great, as well as the food.  The only complaint I have is about the rude hostess.  Never smiled, acted like she hates her job and dealing with people.  Luckily for her, the gentleman seating us made up for it, as did our waitress.  If they'd fire their snotty hostess, they'd have a 5 star rating.  The hostess is the first person you deal with when you approach the restaruant from the sidewalk.  It's not pleasant to have her roll her eyes at you when you ask how long the wait is.
Simply put My Favorite restaurant of all time! This is a compliment I do not give lightly! This place truly is special, all the way through! I discovered this place by accident online years ago looking for germN food for my father and brother to go get, and when I saw that they had live music, I was sold! And boy did this place not disappoint! Immediately from parking the car down the street we could hear the music and singing and overall good times emanating  from within! Beckoning us to come in and leave all inhibitions at the door! They have built the atmosphere on unbridled entertainment and fun, and overall positive energy, and it is hard not to get sucked in and devoured by it.  They encourage and welcome rhapsodical behaviour at every turn.... I must admit we had not expected it to be as busy as what it was, but I can tell you their is a reason they are so....so we instead just bellied up to the bar and enjoyed a wonderful evening being catered by the fantastic bar staff! I can tell you their knowledge of German beer and food are truly unparalleled.... With Gary and Christina(the owners daughter) leading the way, you will not find a better beer selection in town, coupled with the fact they know their beer very well, as the owner demands the highest quality when it comes to his overall product(especially the beer) and they will help you pair your beer with your desired dish(and help you pick out your desired dish) Next up comes the food.... They accommodate all diets, myself being Jewish, eating at a German restaurant often proves to be a challenge, but they do an incredible job catering their menu to everyone... The sauerbraten is second to none! Lest we forget again, their high quality levels the owner maintains and the fabulous kitchen staff he has working for them.... They have truly lucked out on the talent they have working back there!   And who can forget the entertainment! You will be hard pressed to find a  Restaurant that, or any place for that matter, that offers this truly engulfing experience! Jimmy and eckhard are some of the best at what they do, and involve the crowd in every way possible from fun drinking songs, dances, the Congo line and even the great German classic "Hava Nagila" which I have had the great honor of singing with them on stage a few times. If you are not having a blast, there could very well be something wrong with you! Even the greatest of stick in the muds have been caught up in this whirlwind of fun. It's loud, high energy, and unlike most any other bar or restaurant you have been to. "Das Boot" is also a favorite past time here, bring our enormous beer filled glass boots of beer, on the rule that you and party drink and pass it until it is entirely done, not allowing for it to touch a table until said boot has been completed.... Either face off in teams in head to head competition, or go by the gold ole rule, the second To last person to finish has to pay for it (incentive to drink as much as possible not allowing the person next to you the opportunity to finish it thus making you 20$ poorer :p ) This place and it's workers and owners have treated me like family ever since I first started coming here, I spent every birthday of mine here and made sure to celebrate friends birthdays here as well... All the while making the trip as much as possible.... Unfortunately I shipped off to serve in the US Navy over a year and a half ago(my going away party was here) and I incredibly miss! That being said, I am being stationed out on the east coast and will be moving back soon and you better believe I have one place in my mind I intend on having my welcome home party! Thanks so much for all the great joy and memorable times you have brought into my life! Look forward to seeing you all again! * on a quick side note, after the place closes up, DT Sanford is very charming and has a number of great bars to continue the good times long after this places closes!
The food here is always spot on.  I typically get the sausage plate with two options, the bratwurst is to die for.  Their new huge pretzel is also great.  Beer selection is strong and always well poured.  Only complaint, they will no longer let me drink the boot alone :-(
I have eaten here many times and bring friends and family there a lot.  I have travelled all over Germany and the US and I swear this is the best German food in America.  The Heaven and Earth potatoes are to die for and there is a huge variety of beer!
My family loves it here! We live down the street so we go often. Great food and fabulous atmosphere. We also love the deli and bakery.
When I visit Sanford to do business twice a year, I eat here for lunch. I always sit outside as they have a very large outdoor seating area.  The German food is very good and I like the half soup and sandwich lunch option served with chips, carrots and celery.
Love this place!!  The food is really great but it's the atmosphere that keeps us coming back! The live music is very entertaining and you feel like you're having a meal with a very large, extended family!
No better place for German food! The spaetzle w/ cheese is my favorite side item ANYWHERE. Also, if you get a chance to have a lunch sandwich, make sure you try the homemade buttermilk ranch. It's to die for! If you've ever wanted to visit somewhere where you can hold your liter of beer high and loudly sing German songs with a live German band, this is the place!
I was born and raised in Germany, so there is NO way I would EVER give a five star rating to a German Restaurant if it wasn't FREAKIN amazing! The coolest part about this place is the music. On Sunday nights they have two authentic German men, playing an accordion, a saw, a riccola horn, cow bells and even a turkey baster filled with water! They mostly sing German songs, but throw in the chicken dance, a song about pizza hut and a country song for fun. One of the gentleman's wives was in the audience and got up for almost every song to get the crowd dancing. She would even explain the meaning of the songs to the customers who didn't know English. That was the other cool part too. The fact that majority of the people that work here speak German. Fluently! I carried on a very nice conversation in German with the bartender. I would have to say my second favorite thing would be "Das Boot." Before we even ordered our meal, one of my friend's ordered a very large glass boot of beer. We all had to stand up at the table while the beer started at one end and we passed it around. We each had to take a swig of beer or drink as much of it as we could before we could sit down. After we finally got our orders in, the food arrived a while later. For an appetizer, I ordered the Gourmet Potato Pancakes. Delicious! Cheese, sour cream and bacon covered 2 tasty, crispy potato pancakes. for my entree I ordered the Chicken Rahm Schnitzel with German potato salad and Kase Shpetzle. It was a big portion and cooked very well. The potato salad was hot, and it was supposed to be cold, but the shpetzle was great. The only complaints I have against this place is they are understaffed. It took the waitress WAY to long to get to our table to even take our drink order. After about an hour of waiting, we had to ask her to finally take our food order. After about another hour our the food showed up. I also had to get up to refill my boyfriend's pepsi both times it was empty. As well as get my own beers, All in all, it was amazing food, entertainment and drinks. When we could get them.
I love this place!  Great beer selection, wonderful teas, killer sandwiches (grilled leberkase is stellar), excellent German specialties (sausage platters are WONDERFUL), outdoor dining, polite staff, open for lunch and dinner, and live entertainment Thurs-Sun!  WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE?!  You won't be disappointed by this local favorite.
Best German food I've had in Central Florida!  And the beer selection rocks!  Great service and superb schnitzel, spaetzle, potato pancakes.  Worth the drive for the delicious eats and friendly, homey vibe.  Yeah, the decor is dated, but it kind of adds to the charm.  Great location, too.
GREAT GERMAN FOOD and GREAT GERMAN BEER!!! Even if you aren't a German food lover,... you will find something here that suits your needs.  Everything is really good keep on going back to try it all.  The staff are friendly and efficient,... this is definately a destination place and my husband and I travel over an hour to get then when only real German food will do!!!
I have been to Willow Tree several times and I'm always looking forward to going back again.   The wait staff are very friendly and always ready to help you pick out the right beer to go along with whatever sausage you are thinking about getting.  They know their stuff for sure!!!   I have never sat inside because the patio(outdoor) seating is very generous and it provides some good people watching as well.   Their lunch menu is great. Lots of options at a great price and generous portions. ( you will be taking home food) Polka music is usually playing in the background and people laughing and talking are in the forground.  This place is always bumping and is a Sanford treasure for sure. If you want to try a very strong martini...I recommend the Heiditini...after 1 of these lovely ladies I was golden but I had to try the Gummitini...comes with real German gummi bears...couldn't pass it up and it was just as fun as I was hoping!  It's a drink and a dessert all in one! The desserts here are very decadent and will satisfy that sweet craving! So yummy!
As long as you're in the mood, you can't not enjoy this place! Ziggy zocky, ziggy zocky, oi oi oi! I've never been to Germany, but the food seems uber-authentic. If you dig the sauer-kraut and cabbage, you've come to the right place! I actually don't, but that's OK, because they've got plenty of dishes without. There's tons to choose from, but if you're coming here, you're coming for the sausage and the schnitzel! Tonight was my second time. The portions are nicely sized, and many are made to share. Not just for two people, but they have dishes for many, many more! My first time, I shared a schnitzel. I kind of felt like I had to, because it's a little expensive - a little less than $20. It's been a while, but I do remember it was quite good. Tonight was a sausage-fest! They've got five to choose from and dishes with a choice of two or three and just as many sides. For about $10, you've got plenty of food with the duo. I didn't know what to go for, and asked the waitress for whatever was popular. She must get that a lot, as she was right on top of it. Sadly, I can't tell you which they were because I didn't keep the menu. Relating on my non-German references, one was like a kielbasa (the stuff that you, or at least I eat with mac 'n cheese) and the other more like a breakfast sausage. The former was better than the latter, but both quite good. There were a ton of sides to choose from. I liked the potato pancakes, and the noodles hopefully remind you of what a family member made from scratch now and then when you were younger. They also come with gravy, but I wasn't so adventurous. My companion had the sausage with curry. Love the curry as always, and they did a great job. It's not so German, but it was over sausage. I'm not sure which, but the menu will tell you (also on their web site). It was crazy-tender, almost too much. And the potato salad has no reference to what you think of in the US. No mayo, not cold - the only thing in common would be the potatoes. It's served warm, and also quite good. Enough about the food, because if you come here, you're here for the beer and the entertainment! I'm again not much of a beer drinker, but my companion loves the stuff. They have about everything that you'd find in Germany, I think. And over by the bathroom, they have a cool map of all the breweries around the country. The place is very cool, with trinkets and things that will make who you came with feel so uninteresting, because your eyes will be jetting from one thing to another. That might be because of the waitresses though... ;) They all have their different little outfits with each German stereotype that you can think of. Let your imagination run wild until you come to visit! It's a little late in the review to mention this, but you'll hear the music from the street! It's what you'd think of - every song uses the accordion, but the entertainer in charge of the show played everything from a saw with a bow to one of those long horns from the Ricola commercials. He used that horn to play Amazing Grace - very clever (because if you've ever played it, it's all octaves and the such - no use of valves on a brass instrument). But back to the song selection. Ever heard that silly song about fried chicken and a pizza hut "McDonalds McDonalds"... yeah, he sang that. And a bunch of American stuff with the ziggy zocky oi oi oi thrown in for good measure. And there was yodeling. Even a yodeling contest. To quote the last guy - yodel f*cking yah eeh hoo! This is a great place to come with a group - even if you've got fifteen or twenty people! In fact, I recommend it. Get a place close to the front, because your view might be obstructed by men dancing with themselves and their beers! Those beers of course, you can order in a half liter... if you're a sissy! Otherwise, you'll get the big arse liter. Or a boot. Or a 2L and/or 3L boot! But as the menu states, there's a minimum sharing amount on the latter two... That's enough for you, so come on by and bring your friends! Until next time...
What a hidden gem! We went on a Friday night with a group of 12 of us. We were sat right away, and had a very attentive waitress. The food was delicious and the beer was even better. We ordered a 3 liter boot to drink out of, and it was a hit with the whole restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant in a heart beat! I can't wait to go back!
It's hard to find really authentic German food, unless you go here. Get ready for brats and beer cuz this place gives an all access eating pass to German cuisine without the 6 hour flight across the Atlantic.
Always great food, service and beer! Schnapps are very good. :)
Definitely the best German food I've had outside of  the Fatherland.  That being said, I found the sauces for the schnitzels - which in themselves are done very well - are a little lacking in the ultra savory punch that I became used to in Germany.  Spaetzle are great though, as are the sausages.  Overall a cool place.
Awesome food!  Fun atmosphere!  VERY large beers.
I went back for dinner tonight and it was as solid and good as usual!
This place is the home of Authentic German food.  We went for lunch while on business and found the place quite busy.  The food was fantastic and very hearty.  It reminded me of Frankenmuth in Michigan.  Go here if you want the real deal for German food.
Went here with my German boyfriend and we ordered the pork Kleines Schnitzel with a side order of potato salad and rahm spatzle. He wasn't impressed with the potato salad due to it being a bit too vinegary but we both enjoyed the meal. It wasn't packed that day. We ate inside to get away from the heat and the atmosphere was comfy.
Hooray SAUSAGES!!!!!!!! I didn't know downtown Sanford could be so happening. Well, at least this place was. As soon as I stepped in, it felt as if I had traveled to the Old Country (complete with the live band!) The menu had everything you would find in a restaurant in Germany. And it wasn't over priced. They had plenty of great beer selections and I was pleased to see that they didn't have any Bud, Miller, etc to drink for those people that can't "drink" out of the box. Only good beers here. My only suggestion is that they put all the tables together and get a stein rack for those regulars that come in. Then you could truly transport yourself for a night and forget that yes, unfortunately you are still in Florida.
Good beers, great sausages and schnitzel, very fun atmosphere.
Great food, a 2 liter boot of beer, live German band I think we made it to Teutonic gastronomic Valhalla in little old Sanford. Order the pretzel ap along with the cold cuts and cheese ap both are awesome. You may not to need order an entrée but if you do the zigunner schnitzel is not a bad choice.  Can get crowded at 6-7 on Saturdays, show up at 5:30 and the place is deserted. Music starts at 7 but hang out drink more optimizer and soon you be doing the chicken dance with the table that just had three boots!  Prost!
This is easily one of my favorite Florida restaurants. We live more than 45 minutes away and it's worth the trip every time. We've been with friends for "grown ups night out" and we've taken the in-laws and my kids to celebrate a birthday, and it has always been FABulous!!! The servers make the right menu recommendations, the entertainment is genuine, and the food is totally and completely indulgent! Love, love, love Hollberbach's - I only wish we lived closer to it. German food is just one of those I don't dare try at home.
Our dinner group got reservations for about 20 people on a Saturday night and it was loud, fun, and like a party the whole time.  Where else can you go to hear polka, italian, and 70's classics sung by a couple of guys that play accordians, saws, and cowbells?  Everyone enjoyed the eats and the coldcut sampler platters were great for sharing.  The staff knows what you should order for a great meal and if you go with a group be sure to get the beer boot.  Special shout out to Theo for those special shots at the end of the night.  Make sure you make your reservations well in advance as this place gets packed.
Since I have moved to town this is my favorite restaurant in Florida hands down. The Eisbein with Kane spatzel and German potato pancakes is my meal of choice and all the people I take here have repeatedly told me how much they love it and will drive family and friends who've come to town there to show them the best German food in the country. Sorry I can't be more specific with the kinds of foods to try but this by itself is my favorite food.
Great beer selection, including a boot!  Great food. Some of the best schnitzel I've ever had. Very authentic and great atmosphere. I'll definitely come here many times!
Amazing food and beer, great atmosphere, this place is wonderful! We shared the kings platter and loved it! I can't wait to go back
Delicious! The menu had changed since I last went in April.  The food was most of the classics, but with a few additions and the menu reorganized.  The beer selection was also updated.  Both the food and beer were excellent as before, and they still had the same guys playing the accordion and singing.
This is the best German food I have had. The German restaurants I have been to in NY cannot compare to Willow tree. The good is amazing and my husband loves both the food and beer. AMAZING.
Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe is the best German food I've had in the Central Florida area. I frequently order the sausage sampler and enjoy it every time. I also enjoy the mixture of sweet and sour, Sprite, and beer that they call the Radler. Definitely recommended. The live band that I've seen when I've gone to the cafe on Friday and Saturday nights is always good and authentic. Let me tell you how hospitable the owner is, too! We walked up to the restaurant, telling the host we had reservations, and here comes Mr. Hollerbach, with a boot of beer for us to drink from! The only complaint I could possibly have is that it's extremely busy and it's hard to get reservations on the weekends (sometimes for weeks at a time), but it attests to how great the place is! Oh, and order the Himmel und Erde. One of my most recommended places in Central Florida.
There is nothing like going to a family owned business where you can get food made from scratch. There is such attention to detail. The service is excellent and the german wine and beer selection is wonderful. This is why we go once a month.
Ambience was great.  Food was even better.  Had the bologna loaf with sunny side egg and potato pancake (winning!).  Service was attentive.  We missed the show.  Will go again.
We got the filet, and it was the best filet I've had in months, I can't wait to go back!
Excellent food and service. Our waitress, Nicole, was amazing. She had great recommendations and was very prompt and friendly. We has schnitzels and sausage and it was all fantastic. Delicious and seemingly authentic German food. The atmosphere is a little more American diner than German haus, but overall it was amazing.
Willow Tree is great! We typically go during lunch time to enjoy the outside seating and a nice tall beer.  The German potato salad is always a great side to any sandwich.   I highly recommend WT as a place to go if you find yourself in Sanford.
This place is fantastic. The food is amazing, they have gluten-free bread loaves and gluten-free German beer (which was wonderful), and a small but helpful gluten-free menu (for those of you like me who must avoid gluten). Their schnitzel was great, their red cabbage incredibly yummy, and their sauerkraut was out of this world. I'm a very big fan of German food and this place totally delivers. Not to mention "das boot" and the live musical performance.. wonderful time, can't wait to go again!! This is where Gemütlichkeit happens!
Simply one of the best restaurants in Central Florida!  If you get a chance, walk around the corner to the Magnolia Square Market to take home your very own German goodies, many of which are served in the Willow Tree.  I was just there, and with the help of Konny, we are having Oktoberfest in August today for our son's birthday!  Prost!
Love it! Love it! Love it! We eat here as often as we can. The service, food, and atmosphere are awesome! We love to bring our dog to dine with us outside. The array of menu items is astounding! If you want great German cuisine, look no further. Hollerbach's where it's at!!!
I've been going to Willow Tree for years and absolutely love it! If you want quality authentic german food and beer, there's no other place in Central Florida! I only wish Theo would redecorate the original dining room and get better furniture for the patio.
When I tell someone I live in Sanford (which I usually follow with the phrase "It's not as bad as you think..."), they seem to usually say "Oh yeah, I love that German restaurant" as if it were a natural reflex. That being the case, it is safe to say that the Willow Tree has become a local landmark. Great place to sit outside and have a beer while feasting on Schnitzels and sausage (expect to take a box home)! Sit inside if you want to focus on the music/entertainment and sit outside if you would rather chat with your dinner companions.
Tried Willow Tree today and have fallen in love. The best German food I've had since leaving NYC years back. Great food, friendly staff and excellent beer. Will definitely be back!
Great food & entertainment !  We go to the Willow Tree frequently in small & large groups.  The food is delicious!!    I love the schnitzl and the spaetzel.  If you have a large group make sure you make reservations.  We have celebrated several birthdays here & brought a lot of new people with us.  Everyone has a blast & asks when we will go back.   The owner is very personable & he visits all the tables making sure everything is good. There is live entertainment on Friday & Saturday night, get up & dance!
I'm glad I live fairly close to this place because I make it out every couple of weeks.  Recommended 100% to anyone looking for a great place around Lake Mary/Sanford. The food is delicious.  Typically get the jaegar schnitzel, but just about anything you get there is good, including the pre dinner bread.  If you like meat and potatoes especially, this place is excellent.  Lots of different breaded and unbreaded schnitzels, all kinds of sausages, and some typical German/Eastern European dishes. The beer is pretty much all European imports, which for casual beer drinkers may not be the best, but they have a couple lighter beers on hand that most anyone can like. The place itself is awesome, they seem to pack it in constantly.  Thurs thru Sunday they have a couple of guys playing music and drinking in their lederhosen which is great.  The singer guy gave me, my girlfriend, and her friends all shots of his personal stash of schnaps during one of his breaks.  How can I not like that?  It is going to be loud, raucous, and loaded with people drinking a ton of beer, which is to say it's a fun time.  There occasionally will be some spotty service because it gets so packed, but that only happens every once in a while, definitely not common, and certainly not enough to make me upset the rare times it does. Singles, couples, families, old and young all seem to have a blast here.  To sum up, this is my first review, and I chose to review this place because it is my favorite restaurant around and I think just about anyone can have a great time.
Nothing is better than a restaurant owner that takes time to walk around to every table and chat with guests for  minute. Hollabachs is where this happens! The schnitzel was fantastic and so the experience. I don't think you could go wrong with a restaurant that is run by an owner who lives his restaurant.
Great nugget in the greater Orlando area!  Fantastic food, very entertaining weekend music, slow service, but great for camping out and having some good  German beersand excellent atmosphere!
The Willow Tree is always so much fun, on top of the great food and beer. Make sure you go Thursday, Friday, or Saturday night to see the live music entertainment. Where else will you see a dude in lederhosen playing "Edelweiss" on a saw? And don't even tell me to go to the German buffet at Epcot. Been there, done that; that place is just awful in comparison! There's no point in trying to get a reservation here, unless you do it at least a month ahead of time (at least, that's the experience I've had in the past). If you want to go on a busy night, be prepared to wait, but it will be worth it. We often do big family get-togethers at The Willow Tree and while waiting, we usually take a trip to a little wine bar down the street for a few pre-dinner drinks. You can also check out all the shops in Downtown Sanford. As far as food goes, I love all of the schnitzels, and the kase spatzel is SO tasty (and undoubtedly bad for you, but who cares?!). My husband's had the slow-cooked pork shank a few times, and it's always very tender. Another personal favorite of mine are the potato pancakes. My husband loves the Heaven & Earth (mashed potatoes with apple and bacon, I believe). Not my thing, but he loves it. We've yet to have a bad meal here, and the environment is very family-friendly. Warning: Prepare your stomach for the onslaught of food, and don't forget to wear your fat pants! You will most likely be stuffed by the end of the meal.
Excellent food and beer selection.  The best is their pork schnitzel with the rue on top with their potato pancakes, heavenly mashed potatoes and of course sourkraut.  It is simply amazing!  The capper is the live polka band that often is playing as well.  Great food, great location, great drinks, great music, great service, GREAT TIME!
Fun place to hang out. Have a German draft and chat with Theo and guests.
I love the Willow Tree! This place has great food and great owners! I can't get enough of the chicken schnitzel!!!! The portion sizes are large and the price is reasonable. I just wish I lived a little closer.
Great German meat and beer restaurant.  Have the lamb shank. Its amazingly tender and delicious.
The best time, food & staff!! Amazing! Will be back!! Atmosphere & patrons are exceptional! Kathy was amazing!!!  Seek her out!!
It does not get much better than this. Good German food, great service, fun/party atmosphere. And lots of good beer. There's a reason this place is always packed. But don't give up hope, the wait is always less than they tell you. highly recommended.
Love this place for providing a fun, entertaining, atmosphere and serving delicious flavorful food! Our server was a "pushy" German woman who had no problem with telling us what we would like and wouldn't like. She ended up being right. She practically ordered my husbands meal for him and he loved it. Potato pancakes are awesome. Schnitzel - awesome! We were there on a thursday so we got to see the live entertainment which is upbeat and loud. Good times!
Traveled an hour out to Sanford to watch Germany take on Greece in the European Cup semi finals.  Loved the Spaten Oktoberfest. About $5.68 for a .5 Liter.  The mood was festive and the game was up on a projector for the diehard fans.  With every goal Germany scored, the owner sent a complimentary boot around the room.  Although I am not too much a fan of German cuisine, I have tried their chicken schnitzel and one or two other foods that didn't really suit me.  I would recommend this place to anyone who has an interest in sampling German food and Drink.  If you are daring enough to buy a beer filled boot, you better have a group of friends to down it with.  I bought one and was made to stand as the server did the ceremonious "zigi zagi zigi zagi oy oy oy". I was told the boot could not be set down until it was empty and with the aid of 3 others we did just that.  Although Sanford is far as hell, the novelty that is the Willow Tree Cafe will eventually draw me back out there.
Great food, Great entertainment, and definitely a good selection of beer.  I moved here from Wisconsin and this is by far the best German restaurant I have ever experienced in Florida.  It is a great place for birthdays and work functions.  I brought family that came to visit from Wisconsin there and they absolutely loved it.  May I add my family is from Germany so I have experienced authentic German food in my life.  I will continue being a customer here.
Hollerbach has some amazing German food.  I've been looking for good German ever since my nearby dive Old Germany closed down.  Hollerbach answered the call.  You can learn a great deal about hollerbach just by looking at the menu.  It was opened by Theo and Linda Hollerbach.  Theo is the chef and the owner.  He can be seen walking around with his chef pants asking customers how they're enjoying themselves.  That's always a nice thing, to see that the owner is willing to make the rounds and talk to the customers.  It explains that hollerbach is the center of Gemuetlichkeit which is German for a sense of well being while enjoying the company of friends and family while enjoying good food and drink.  I got the 2 sausage/2 side dish special and chose bratwurst and knockwurst with red sweet cabbage and sauerkraut.  It was amazing.  The sausages were juicy and the sides perfect.  They also had a great selection of side dishes including "heaven and earth" which is mashed potatoes mixed with sauteed onions, bacon, and apples.  They also had spatzel, which I've had many times but haven't gotten to try here yet.  I was impressed that they had Krauter as an option for the dressings.  I haven't seen it in many central Florida German establishments.  They also have cheddarwurst which I plan on trying one day, I tried a bite of the spinach/cheese quiche and it was great, and of course potato pancakes and sauerbraten.  The menu also includes a great selection of teas, beers, and desserts.  Among the top beers you will find Bitburger Pils, Kostrizer Schurbier, and others.  They have an interesting dish called Jaegar schnitzel which I can't wait to try. If you have at least 4 hungry people, consider getting the Kings feast, which is a whole bunch of sausages and sides to serve 4-6 people for $50.  A reasonable price when divided between four and six.  Oktoberfest has been rescheduled due to rain!  I can't wait to try it out in November.
We had a delicious dinner here with our Florida friends.  What a fun atmosphere and very friendly service. The owner even stopped by our table to say hello. The Schnitzel is out of this world! And the 'Heaven and Earth' potatoes are a must have. I think I could have eaten an entire pot of their sauerkraut - yum!  Too bad we went on a school night as I would have liked to have taken on the boot challenge. We will be hard pressed to find a comparable German restaurant in SF...but we'll try...
This is the best place to eat in the entire Orlando area if you want authentic German food. Theo and Linda Hollerbach have produced the best German cuisine outside of Munich. Ask Theo for the imported German wine selections or the KICKASS high-alcohol imported German bottled beer. With live music on Saturdays and the NEW GERMAN BAR, you will LIKE this place. Leave room for Linda's home-made desserts, which are superb. You can sit outside and watch Sanford folks walk by, or enjoy the cozy dining room. This place is great!
Always a great time and great food.
I am a regular at the Willow tree because I love german beer and food. German food is not exciting, just good flavors. Brats with spicy dijon mustard and red cabbage go great with german lager. I only wish they offered the same beers at the bar that they offer at the Magnolia Market (same owner).
first and only time here but it is a great, cozy atmosphere, bar filled with german memorabilia, great location (sidewalk seats), & filling food..I washed down my order of mashed potatoes, German style vegetables & a yummy pork schnitzel with a spaten oktoberfest :D ..they have an up to date website as well including their vast brew selection: willowtreecafe.com
i am NEVER disappointed when i eat here! the food is amazing and the staff? fantastic!!! The staff is ALWAYS warm and friendly and the atmoshere can NOT be beat!
I've eaten at the Willow Tree Cafe a few times, and the food has always been great. Make sure you call for reservations if you are planning on eating at night/busy times, as this place is always packed.
This folks, is a true German restaurant. The owner is from Germany and from a family that has extensive experience in food. Actually, it is owned by him, his wife and daughter - a true family run business in a day where chains get much more business than they deserve. Every item on the menu is good, authentic German fare. Portions are more than ample, but they don't try to hide mediocre food by giving big portions - everything here is done in a big way. The Hollerbach family wants you to fel like family when you are here, and you do. They are usually found walking the floor talking with guests, going from table to table - it's nice to see someone that cares about their business and their guests. The place is actually amazing - in a place like downtown Sanford, I have spoken with people that come from all over the country, and the world to eat there. In addition to the excellent menu, they have a large selection of German beers and wines in addition to a full service bar. German bands play on schedule during the week. The staff is friendly and efficient. A word of warning however - don't expect to get in and out too quickly - everything is done to order, no shortcuts taken here. Everything from breads to desserts are made on premise. The pastry chef has a gluten intolerance, so there are many gluten free items that are wonderfully prepared. To add to the experience, the family has just opened up a German style deli around the corner from the restaurant, which has items that you typically can't find in other places, as well as a large selection of gluten free products. This is truly a fun place to dine in - a restaurant run the way that a restaurant should be run. By the way - it's a good idea to make reservations - this place gets busy fast.
This is easily the best german restaurant in the area. We have made the long drive several times, and it is worth it. I would happily recommend this restaurant to anyone. The heaven and earth potato side is incredible, the bretzel is huge and the mustard and cheese dip is awesome, the schnitzel is outstanding and the red cabbage is spot on. The waitstaff is friendly and efficient. I only wish this place was in Orlando so I wouldn't have to wait so long between visits.
The food is really great. I usually get the chicken schnitzel with mushrooms and brown sauce.  Also I usually have to eat a loaf of bread (good bread) because this place is so busy that it often takes a while to get your food. That might not be an issue here because you're having so much fun with the cool German band or hanging with friends outside on the patio. However you might consume a good quantity of beer before you eat. Again that might not be an issue if you aren't driving. The beer is really good and fresh, but not always ice cold, maybe a German thing?  When I was stationed in West Germany in the '80s the beer was always served warm.  So suppose you're having all that beer and your humorous bone gets more active, don't say anything funny to the owner. As I was informed, "we do not appreciate your jokes around here".  Ok, what is up with that dude?  I'll give you five stars anyway because maybe I'm just a big jerk and your place is a lot of irresistable laughs.  So good people, have fun and keep it to yourself, drink up, eat up, pay up, and get out.
this place is about as close as you'll get to a german restaurant unless you're in germany.  The food is authentic and good portions.  Most meals are about 15 bucks.  A liter of beer is 10 bucks but you can pick your brand based on the alcohol content.  Friday nights have the live german "band".  its usually packed and i dont get a good seat so you should make a rsvp for weekend nights.
I have never found a place that makes spatzel. It was one of my favorites when I lived in Germany. This is a great place to take a group and sit outside or sit inside and listen to the band! Loads of fun,
We've been here 4 times since finding the place less than a year ago, & that's ONLY because we live 45 min. away & entertainment funds are tight.   This place is awesome!!  Even a simple sandwich is delicious because you can get it on their fresh, house-made bread.  I've had the pork schnitzel & the chicken schnitzel along with each kind of wurst they make.  That's right..... I said THEY MAKE THEIR OWN WURST!!!  And it's yuuuummmyyyy!!  But I think the Nurnberger wurst is the best :P EVERY side is delicious.  And I mean E-V-E-R-Y side dish!! If you come for dinner then definitely get the Sauerbrauten or the Rouladen.  Soooo worth money, my friends!  Now.... I can also suggest that you can get the Schlachthaus Platte fur zwei... this can really feed more than 2 people if you take a look at the description, :D And the King's Feast will certainly feed 6 people easily!! Of course, then there are the desserts.... we couldn't forget them now could we??!!  Apple Strudel is a fav, but when you're craving some chocolate then you gotta have the Chocolate Ganache Pie!!  If hey have the Blueberry Cheesecake then that is also a good try (my mom's personal fav). Don't forget to check out the MANY delicious brews they have on tap.  The bartender is happy to give you a leeetle taste on a 1 or 2. OH!!  And now they have that great market around the corner.  The folks who work there are always happy to let you try anything in the deli case.  They've got those awesome wurst they sell in the restaurant that I just raved about, my friends!!  They've also got delicious house-made pastries  There's lots of canned, jarred & packaged goodies, and they have some bottled beers for you to take home ;)
Seriously??!!  People think this is GOOD food?  I think these people had food beer-googles.  This is the worst German food that I have ever had.  The ambiance leaves a bit to be desired.  We ate outside at plastic tables with a paper place setting, and I will admit, sometimes that can be quaint, if everything else is exceptional.  In this case, NOTHING was exceptional.  I ordered the veal Wienerschnitzel (although you can get pork or chicken.  Chicken?  Really?), with potato pancakes and red cabbage.  My date order something that looked like processed ham and greasy, watery mashed potatoes.  Both of our plates arrived with the food just slopped on the plate.  Completely unappetizing.  My Wienerschnitzel was so tough and I had to saw so hard with my knife that I kept moving the plastic table.  The red cabbage was overcooked and was probably made in a big pot where they just kept reheating it everyday.  The potato pancakes were the only good thing on the plate but since they were buried under all the other food, it was hard to enjoy them as well.  I can't believe the great reviews this place gets but I have to admit, as I looked around the packed restaurant I noticed that everyone had something in common.  They were all overweight!  No kidding, not one person was even close to being "normal" size.  So maybe the people that reviewed this place are also the same people that frequent Burger King at least three times a week.
This place is always busy and if you don't have a reservation, you may need to wait for seating, but it will be worth it. They have the most authentic German food in our three county area. They also have a good selection of German beers. Their draft sizes are ,3, 1/2, and 1 liter. Due to the high volume of patrons, their beers are usually very good tasting and always seems freshly tapped. Staff members are well versed on the menu choices as well as the beer selections. They dress in German styles clothing and on special occasions and weekends they have a band playing the usually German style music.  So come on over and hoist a fine beer and eat some delicious food.
What a gem right in the middle of downtown Sanford. Going in I really knew nothing about this place or about German food.  The only thing I knew was that my husband said I would enjoy it.  And enjoy it I sure did. I had the Jager Schnitzel with the potato pancakes and spatzle with rahm gray.  If you get the schnitzel you have the options of having pork, chicken or veal... I had the chicken.  It was crispy and super tasty even with all the gravy smother on top.  As for the sides... my favorite was the potato pancakes... I can totally eat this as my main meal all on its own... just that yummy!  The spatzle with rahm gray was really good too... just think of egg noodles and gravy.  Can't go too wrong with that. Aside from the food they have a great selection of beers from what my friends were saying and tasting... But the best part of my experience was their live band.  These guys were wunderbar!  And made the evening extra special.  They certainly added to the atmosphere. I will definitely be returning... PROSIT!
Man oh man I love this place! If you live in Orlando Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe is a little bit of a track but trust me, it's worth the time. Great, fun atmosphere with live music & great beer selections. If you're a vegetarian or have gluten allergies, Willow Tree does a great job outlining exactly what you can order. Every time I go I enjoy the vegetarian sptazle toss -- egg noodles topped with delicious veggies, totally awesome. If you go with 4 people or more make sure to get a Boot for the table, great value, plenty to drink for everyone. Thumbs up!
Located in the heart of the very charming downtown Sanford stands Hollerbach's Willow Tree Café. You will know it when you see it because where any of the other restaurants in this area might have a busy time, but Hollerbach's has always got a good crowd. Originally it was just the Willow Tree Café and from what I understand it was just plain old American Food, but then when they added the "Hollerbach's" and changed it to German Cuisine business really took off causing them to expand into the adjoining store fronts and now they even have a store around the corner that sells beer and baked goods. Hollerbach's always has raving reviews and has won tons of awards year after year. On certain nights they have a live band, and if you wish to dine at a peek time I would suggest that you make a reservation. They brought out (2 kinds of) Bread and Butter and then took our order. Although I am not a Beer drinker, several in my party were and believe me they have quite a selection! I ordered my favorite thing on their menu (as I have been there many times). Jager Schnitzel (pounded out, breaded chicken breast, topped with sautéed onions and mushrooms and glazed in a rich pan sauce, served with 2 sides $17.99) For my sides I got the Gurkensalat (Julienned cucumbers tossed in a dressing made of sour cream and herbs) and Potato Dumplings (with crouton centers covered in Rahm Gravy) The Cucumber Salad is always my favorite, but I think next time I will go back to the Potato Pancakes as my other side. The Potato dumplings were not bad but just a little "Blah". Now I need to stress that this photo does not do justice to how much food this was. I ended up only being able to finish about half, which meant I got to take home a nice amount of leftovers, which was my lunch the next day. There were four of us and one ordered the same as me, but in addition we had an order of Hungarian Beef Goulash (Beef with sautéed onions, garlic, potatoes and bell pepper with a freshly prepared paprika blend, enhancing the astonishing flavor $12.89) This was also a huge serving with plenty to take home. And the Two Sausage (Weisswurst) plate with a double order of Spatzle (homemade egg noodles) with Rahm Gravy $10.99. This is also another favorite of ours when we go to Hollerbach's. They also have a large assortment of decadent Desserts to choose from, however we were so full we didn't have room for any. So if you are a fan of German Cuisine, or just ready to try something authentic that the locals swear by, then be sure to check this place out. You'll be glad you did!
I love this place. Honestly, the main reason to come here is the atmosphere and the beer. You cannot go wrong with the selection of German beers (I usually stick with Hofbrau or Radeberger) and the various sizes (.5,1,3 L's). The atmosphere on nights when the band is playing is awesome. They sing and do toasts all night, and make you feel like you are visiting Germany. The food here is good (not amazing, but solid). I like the pretzel for the starter (its really salty but with a liter of beer... you cant go wrong). Since its a German Haus I stick with the sausages they have, and while they have a great selection if you come here often the sausages can get a little monotonous. Next time I may branch out to try the schnitzel or the sauerbraten. LOVE THE RED CABBAGE The service... while everyone who works here is really friendly things can take a while. Since the restaurant is pretty big (both inside and out), dont expect to pop in here for a quick bite. However, if you are just here to listen to the music and drink some beer I don't think the service will really make the experience worse for you. ** For Celiacs, this restaurant is great. They offer a gluten-free portion of their menu (recommend the sausage and veggie sides), and they even have gluten free desserts (have not tried). So far my fiance has eaten here 2-3 times and had no issues afterwards.
Been here over ten times.. Great atmosphere if u like it loud and people having a loud great time. Food is good only when you stick with the brats and schnitzel.  Beer is awesome even though I don't drink I get the rattler beer or the grapefruit beer. Service is nice and quick... Never seen a upset customer. Thursday-Saturday they have a German duo singing funny songs and for the price of everything I think it's great!
My wife and I stopped by recently for lunch.  I had the schnitzel and spatzel and wife had a sandwich.  Everything was good but nothing really stood out as great.  We will certainly stop here again when we are in the area but doubt that we would make a special trip just for the food.  Also the musician needs better speakers, we could barely understand him.
Went back for the first time in years, and the service seemed very courteous, friendly, and much improved. The mettwurst are awesome.
Awesome fun atmosphere with live music and some beer garten-style seating. The beer list is relatively short for a German restaurant, but good enough. There is almost always a wait so I'd advise trying to get reservations or going early. For the food, I was expecting average German family restaurant quality, but was pleasantly surprised with the great tasting variety of sausages (bratwurst, nernwurst, knockwurst etc.) and sauerkraut. In fact, even if they didn't have a nice atmosphere, I would go just for the food. Definitely one of the better meals I've had. Between the fun accordion music and good food, I would recommend giving them a try if you're in the area.
Hollarbach ist wunderbar! There are so many wonderful reviews so i'll be brief!  I'm no expert at German food, but I know what i like, and their schnitzel (breaded meat) is the bomb!  Perfect crisp out the outside and meaty juicy inside.  The sides are all traditional and pair perfectly with my favorite being the kas spatzle.  It is handmade egg noodle with cheese...like a mac and cheese but better!  Chase it down with some German beer.  Try the Schoeferhoffer grapefruit and Franziskaner Hefe Dunkel.  There is live music on Thur-Sun complete with polka music and remixed favorite sing-along classics you will typically hear at a piano bar, but substituted with an accordian! There were cow bells too! I'll definitely come back and bring at least 4 friends to tackle the boot of beer and nosh on a 10 oz homemade pretzel and just sing my lungs out!  I bet futbol games here are awesome too!  Good job Sanford! zicke zacke zicke zacke hoy hoy hoy!  Who wants to come?!
Great food, beer and ambience! Only there  are NO SOCCER matches! Come on Theo let's get some footy on the telly!
Table of 7 Beer selection: 5/5 They have a good selection on tap, and they do half liters, liters, and boots. Can't go wrong Service: 4/5 I've heard this place can have bad service but I guess we got lucky. Food: 3.5/5 German pretzel, unfortunately, not good. Way way way too salty, not like it is in Germany. I would rather eat the one in Germany ice cold with no side than this one warm with cheese. Sausages were delicious, and potato dumpling wasn't the best I've had but definitely tasty. I will try other selections next time I go. Price: 4/5 Typical German restaurant prices, but I am glad their beers aren't overpriced. Went to a German restaurant that charged 7.50 for a half liter of warsteiner, now that's ridiculous. This place doesn't do that. You get a whole liter for $11. Their live music brought me back to Germany. Their long tables are just like an authentic German Biergarten and the music reminded me of Oktoberfest. The place is much bigger than you'd expect. Overall I would definitely come back. This place is perfect for large parties and celebrations. Definitely a lot of fun. Hopefully the rest of the food brings my rating up to 5/5.
I can't even begin to know how many times I've been to Willow Tree Cafe. It started when I was 21, I went for a birthday dinner with a large group of friends, and I have been going back ever since. Willow Tree Cafe sits in downtown Sanford in the quaint little shopping/dining district. There's a small town vibe that comes from the area, and Willow Tree fits right in, though it is anything but small. There are three dining areas; a large, outdoor covered patio and two indoor areas. The smaller of the indoor dining areas has a bar, while the larger dining area features a stage surrounded by banquet tables, and smaller single party tables on the outskirts. The bathrooms are down a hallway that you have to get directions to find. The whole place is decorated with German pictures, maps, beer signs, etc. Depending on whether you prefer a quiet dining experience or a loud (and rowdy) one will definitely need to be taken into consideration when you plan your trip. They have live German bands performing 4 nights a week, at least. I recommend getting reservations in advance if you're going on a night when they're performing, even if you're just reserving a table for 2, but especially if you're reserving a table for 8+. The menu is pretty large, featuring traditional German foods, as well as their recent addition of adding a small selection of healthier options. I don't recommend going if you're not a heavy eater; even their healthy options still come with a large and very full plate of food. They serve fresh sliced breads before your meal, both white bread and a darker bread (which I absolutely LOVE). If you're a beer drinker, they have a nice selection of German beers. Their wine selection is great as well. For appetizers, I highly recommend the potato pancakes, pretzel or the Kase Teller (fresh fruits and cheeses). I suggest getting one of their sausage platters if you're new to German food and want to try several things. They have multiple sizes of platters, ranging from 1 sausage to 4 for individuals, and a couple group platters as well. Their schnitzel is some of the best I've had in town, and they have several different versions to choose from. All of their sides are delicious, but I definitely recommend trying the "Heaven and Earth"-mashed potatoes, mashed apples, onions, sour cream, and bacon. It is amazing. They do offer dessert, but I've only ever gotten their apple strudel to share with a small group. By the time dessert comes around, I'm too full to have an entire dessert to myself!! Be aware if you're going and wanting to order a Boot of beer; they only serve Boots to groups of 4+, and their house rules say that you can't put the glass down on the table until the Boot is empty. Don't worry though, the tables around will be cheering you on!! If you're with a group of people who don't drink a lot of beer, you might want to skip doing this. My absolute favorite part of dining at Willow Tree is going on a Friday or Saturday night (after reserving the table 2-4 weeks in advance), sitting at one of the banquet style tables next to complete strangers, ordering a Boot of beer, and staying there for 3-4 hours enjoying everything. The band is hilarious and lively, and when they get going, the crowd joins in the shenanigans...especially during the drinking song!! If you go at lunch time, the restaurant is quieter and much more relaxed. I definitely recommend Willow Tree Cafe. It is fun, family friendly, group friendly, date friendly (though not very intimate). I don't recommend going if you're in a rush; it's one of those places where you're encouraged to sit and relax and enjoy your meal. German food is pretty heavy, so take your time eating!! Also, if you have time and they're open, check out their little market (Magnolia Square Market) around the corner. I grab their homemade frozen potato pancakes every time I'm out that way; they're just SO good!!
Get the Eisben! It was phenomenal and not something they offer at every German restaurant. Great service, great beer!
I dare you to show up and not have a good time here Thurs. - Sun. night. I triple dog dare you. Why Thurs. - Sunday? ***  More on that in a minute. ***(See exceptions/notes for more dates at end of review). I dare you to find fault with their authentic beer selection (A nice mix of Ayinger and Spaten brews that lives on the menu), or their vast selection of Schnapps. And how can you forget Theo, the jolly German owner/chef who makes his way to hang with the guests (along with the rest of the family --- was taken to my seat by his wife, and enthroned across from his charming Mother-in-Law/cheerleader on my last visit). Yeah, the family eats and parties here on the weekends. Turns out my group (consisting of locals and tourists) was the beneficiary of a cancelled reservation, and received seats that you can't get unless you reserve a month in advance. Or you could join the conga line that occasionally breaks out and snakes around the entire building on random nights. You could just sit and eat the excellent schnitzel, or grab some slow-smoked eissbein ( pork shank ), with sauerkraut and german mustard. Pair it with some Himmel und Ert (mashed potatoes mixed with sweet, roasted apples), and you have a meal that is approaching insane levels of savory, sweet, smoky deliciousness. Or you could just grab some schnitzel and spaetzel with gravy. That is only slightly less excellent. So why Thurs-Sunday nights for dinner? (Because that is when the two-man German band is there, providing traditional entertainment. Even if you've heard the chant a thousand times (ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oi oi oi, Proust! Wuuunderbaaar.), you'll never fail to join in. They sing incredible German drinking songs, and occasionally bring up the family for a bit of a trio..including a wonderful throwback known as "I don't want him, you can have him (AKA He's too fat for me). And you will be too fat if you eat here every weekend. The band keeps the enthusiasm high, and the drinks tilted back. (They have started playing more nights...see notes at end of review.) I don't care if you don't even drink, or sing. Grab a glass of water or Coke and join in the celebration...If you're tone deaf, the rest of the crowd will drown you out. If you have kids old enough to dance and enjoy music, they'll love it. As a note, Theo's Mother-in-Law out-chickened me during the Chicken Dance. Just don't go in expecting to have an engrossing, uninterrupted conversation. The band basically does a three hour set from ~6-9PM or 7-10PM, depending on how busy the restaurant is. If you want a little more quiet, you can ask to be seated outdoors. But why would you want to stay away from such a charming party? Inconceivable. Get your name on the books early. If you're visiting the Orlando area, it's about a 35 minute drive from Disney proper. Speaking of Disney, I've been to the German restaurant/buffet with show at Epcot, and this is FAR superior (and you'll spend less money/get more for it at The Willow Tree Cafe. It's been too long since my last visit, and I have to make a trip back down to Sanford, if for no other reason than another visit. One of the best (if not the best) nights out you can have. NOTE: They may have live music each night, depending on the season (check the calendar: willowtreecafe.com/index…, and click on "Schunkel Abend" --- It will let you know if they have the music, and what hours the band will play.) 5* atmosphere (Thurs-Sunday) 4.5* Food 5* Beer selection
This place is great! We did visit this place few month ago for the very first time. It was packed. But it s just a fun and great atmosphere. The Schnitzel did taste great and it was crispy . You can choose which kind of meat you like to eat. We had pork and wheal and we liked it.  They also have a great beer selection!
Make a reservation, get a ton of friends, sit in the main room on Saturday, order the 3L boot and have the best night of your life. Nuff said.
I"ve been here more times than I can count.  We used to live a few blocks away... while I was pregnant, so we ate there A LOT.  The people are friendly and its family run.  The food is ALWAYS perfect.  (there was ONE time I had a pretzel that wasn't warm enough, but it was a fluke and every other time they've come out piping hot and incredible.  The sausages are fantastic, (try the sausage sampler ap).  The schnitzels are really good to.   They have a chocolate cake there... oh man.  Get the chocolate cake.   The lunch experience is equally as good and actually quite different.  They have salads and Sandwiches that are simply perfect.   If you go on a day when they have music playing, (used to be thursdays but I think its saturday now, I'm not sure), you will get a uniquely German experience.  My future sister in law, took her VERY German Oma there and she was moved to tears b/c the uniqueness made her so homesick.  Go here.  Thank me later.
I've gone there numerous times, and each time I've gone has never been a disappointment. The sausage is good, the beer is better, and the live entertainment is just amazing! The food can take a little extra time to cook with a larger group, or a busier night, but every time I've gone, it's well worth the wait. Their staff is always prompt and courteous, and the people doing live entertainment are never, ever boring! If you ever get the chance to go to the Willow Tree, GO!
Stop questioning and just go!  This place is so worth it. I always rely on Yelp to tell me where to eat when I travel but it wasn't until the bartender at Celery City Craft raved about it that I was totally convinced. Food is amazing. Beer is cold. Music and atmosphere put it over the top. I went on a Sunday but hear if you go Friday or Saturday nights that you will want to make a reservation. A must try!!!
Sehr gut! Okay, I'll admit I know virtually no German, but I did know what that meant! But seriously, I've been to a handful of German restaurants in my life, and they all have a unique charm, but nothing compares to Hollerbach's. Growing up in Sanford, I'm very grateful that our little town has such an amazing restaurant to call our own. Situated in the middle of downtown, there's not a better location for it to be. On a beautiful Florida weekend, sitting outside with a nice pint and schnitzel is pretty much the vision of perfection. But what am I saying? I'm skipping over the juicy details! With high-quality German beer on both tap and bottle (highly advise the Aventinus if you're looking for something out of this world), there's no question that Hollerbach's tailors itself to greatness. If you ever manage to get a Boot, be prepared for fun all around. As I said, I was raised in Sanford, so it's actually refreshing to see some Sanford favorites on the menu in addition to the traditional German food. While I personally haven't tried anything but the traditional fare, I do admire that they offer these options for those who may not like the heaviness that is German food. Whether it's the side dishes, or the filling main course, there's nothing that I've had here that hasn't blown me away. The Curry Wurst is amazing, and quite possibly one of the best things I've ever had. That's not hyperbole, it will literally blow your socks off! (Okay, maybe a little bit hyperbole!). If you're looking for a place that stands out, but is also a great representation of true Sanford, then look no further than Hollerbach's. Also, do your best to come during the World Cup (while it lasts), because this place is raucous and makes for a great experience.
I have been 3 or 4 times, but always on a weekend night when they have the entertainment. I don't know much about German food, but I like good food and they have good food. The entertainment is as good as it gets for any place you might see in Germany at Epcot (the extent of my German experiences). It is very audience-participatory and fun to sing along with all the tunes they do. You immediately feel as if you have stepped into a German party and can't wait to get a beer! The food is not cheap, but you get so much to eat for your money and it is well prepared. A great place to go with a group of friends, you will not be disappointed!!
Hoy hoy hoy!! Right before I even walked into this restaurant, the music got me excited and the energy from the crowd added to my excitement!  This place offers the best of all worlds, well more of the country of Germany ;) Came here on a Sunday night and I absolutely loved the live band (by band I mean a two man band :P ) Definitely come here when there is a live band, they add that extra "oomph" in the atmosphere to let you know that you WILL have a good time ;) Let's talk food! I've never had German food and let's just say that I'm coming back!! I ordered the Schnitzel and you have the options of either wanting Pork, Chicken, or Veal.  I went with the chicken and had it traditionally made.  But they do offer other ways of how you would like your schnitzel (with Rahm - a gravy, which is delicious, Rahm with mushrooms, and so forth)  The portion is ridiculous! I swear it was 2 huge chicken breasts pounded into one.  It was soooo good! Pan fried, with a light breading on the chicken, nom, nom, nom!  It was served with honey mustard, but not your typical honey mustard.  It was the perfect hint of sweetness, that had walnuts included in the sauce that complimented the chicken really well. It gets served with two sides of your choice, which I honestly wanted them all, because they all looked so good! I ordered the Potato Pancakes and Kase Spatzel.  To die for! I could honestly eat those two sides ALL the time! Trust me, it was amazing! I didn't even get to finish my meal, it was just so much, but you definitely get your money's worth for sure! Don't worry for you all you beer lovers, they have a good selection of beer and on tap too.  Come with a group of friends and get a BOOT! Don't ever let it touch the table, it's bad luck! So chug, chug, chug my friends! They also have a great wine selection and a full bar available.   This place is great! I wish I had known about this place earlier, but hey, after this first visit, I'm definitely coming back!
The owner of this restaurant is from the Bitburg Eifel area of Germany where I once lived for 3 1/2 years, so naturally, I was pretty excited to dine there recently. We ordered a verity of sausages, schnitzel, leberkase, smoked pork loin, which came with sides of sauerkraut, red cabbage, mashed potatoes mixed with sauerkraut and a cucumber salad. The only disappointment was the cucumber salad the rest of the meal was as authenticate as you can get and mirrors anything I have ever had in Germany. The sides and sausages were dead on in authentic  Germanic flavor, reminiscent of many past exceptionally good meals I have had over there. The schnitzel was moist, tender and particularly good, especially the breading and was accompanied by a wonderful rahm sauce reduction with mushrooms. We each commented on the sauce as being extremely flavorful and it fit perfectly with that particularly schnitzel dish. The beer menu is an absolute tutorial of Northern and Bavarian beer selections, I thought it was a magnificent representation of many of Germany's top brands. Bitburger Pils from Bitburg, Reissdorf Kolsch from Cologne, Tucher Beer from Reggensberg in Bavaria, Hofbrau from Munich to be sure there is much more to be found on the Willow Tree's beer and wine menu. Couple the food, the beer and the live German band and singing while you dined and you will have one of the most delightful evenings ever. This is the best German restaurant state side I have ever been to, they knock it out of the park and squarely hit Deutschland on the knoggin.
This place is incredible. Live accordion music some nights, very festive. The sausage plate for two is excellent, with huge portions, probably enough for three or maybe even four if you get the giant pretzel, which you should. Good beer selection too. Hollerbach's is well-known, though, so waits can be very long on weekend nights in particular. Go early or call at least a week in advance.
After many years of hearing great things about this place up in Sanford I finally went last night.  I regret waiting so long to check this place out!  We had a group of 10 people and had to wait about 30-60 minutes, but it was fine because we walked over to The Imperial for a cocktail.  We came back over, ordered large steins of beer at the bar then were seated up near the band.  The band turned a good night into a great one.  The owner brought over a giant boot of beer which we passed around while singing along.  Good times.   The food was spectacular. I ordered the jäger schnitzel with heaven and earth (it was definitely heavenly - smokey flavored mashed potatoes w bacon/apples - I wish I had some more right now.). I also sampled dumplings, spaetzle, and their cucumber dish. All were great along with the schnitzel. The beer deserves it's own section. I had a huge dunkel and some of the grapefruit beer. Both are far better than any typical beer you'd get at a normal restaurant. Overall amazing experience and I'll be back soon!
Very good food and drinks but pretty noisy.  Either be in a festive spirit or go somewhere else.  Reservations are highly suggested or you sit outside.
Holy crap, this place is awesome.   Came on a windy 40 degree Friday night, and of course, no one was eating out on the patio, so the wait was over an hour and the inside was packed.  But the mood there is amazingly upbeat and everyone was having a great time.  This is the type of place that gets better the more packed it is.   The place is about as fun as a restaurant can be.  Communal seating for those that like it, plenty of kinds of good German beer served in giant beer steins, a polka band playing hits from the 70s and 80s on accordion, the whole restaurant singing along, and amazing food at reasonable prices.   The waiter even threw in a couple of shots of coffee schnapps and eggnog cheesecake for my date and myself!   Will definitely be coming back, especially with anyone coming from out of town.
Epic fail.  Do not come here during soccer playoffs.     Its crowded and loud they even have the game BLASTING out of speakers onto the outside dining area.   We had to scream at out waiter to give our order. Food came out rushed and cold.  Not our usual willow tree experience. We are regulars at this place and have usually have a great dining experience,    Today was horrible.
I've wanted to get to Sanford for some time now after hearing great things about the German fare at Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe.  I've eaten at a couple of other German spots around town and even Germany at EPCOT, but after my visit, I have to say Hollerbach's is my new favorite. We decided to start with the Riesen Brezen.  Imported from Germany, this 10 ounce pretzel was served with sweet Bavarian mustard and Obatzer Kase, a savory cheese spread that was fantastic! Fresh bread and butter came with out drinks. I ordered the Beef Rouladen. Thin slices of beef rolled up with bacon, onion and pickles.  This dish was served with potato dumplings and red cabbage, covered in a rich, full demi glacé. I really enjoyed this dish and it was very filling (especially after that pretzel), so I had leftovers My child chose the mac-n-cheese which came with goldfish, fruit and real German gummy bears. My parents ate light tonight and had the potato pancakes with bacon and cheese, and the bratwurst sliders, served with sauerkraut. My hubs ordered the chicken Wiener schnitzel.  His sides were potato pancakes and "Heaven & Earth" (Hollerbach's special recipe mashed potatoes with sautéed onions, bacon and apples). Incredible! I let my daughter see the menu before our meal and, of course, she fixated on dessert; specifically, the Black Forest Cake.  Needless to say, most of this came home with us. The desserts are huge! There are so many choices available and everything looked wonderful. I now have a list of things I want to return and try, including a fruit and cheese platter, and the pork loin. This place is a must experience. You can find more information about them at WillowTreeCafe.com. Also, you can find @TheoHollerbach on @Twitter. Segne, Vater, was wir essen Lass uns Deiner nicht vergessen Lieber Gott fuer Speis' und Trank Und alle Guete sei Dir Dank. Amen
Well, I don't know what else I can add to what looks like a five-star restaurant, but sometimes you just can't argue with a good thing! Why do I love German food?  Is it because of my distant Dutch heritage?  Is it my Chicagoan upbringing?  I have no clue, but I do, and the Willow Tree Cafe delivered. Luckily we do have a few German options in the Tampa Bay Area, but when life brings me back to my college town, I don't mind going another half an hour north to Sanford and visiting this little Munich cafe. The wienerschnitzel and reuben were excellent.  Sweet cabbage the perfect amount of punch, and the spatzle with Rom gravy so delicious. I also appreciated their tv's- without it, I wouldn't have been able to catch up on the latest World Cup news- and the place was properly decked out in World Cup decor. There's also a live band that plays there- we didn't get to hear too much of it yesterday as he was playing outside and we wanted the AC- but good deal. We will be back!
Very authentic and often they have German music at night too. They have a huge selection of foreign alcoholic beverages and the food is delicious. I love the homemade sausages and the spaetzle with rahm sauce.
Fantastic place.  My husband is a huge German foodie.  Loves every kind of sausage and German breads, etc.  Everyone has been recommending this place to us.  So we made the journey from Longwood, boy was it worth it!  The lunch crowd hits fast and furious, so I recommend getting there when they open.  The food was fresh, hot and so, so good.  The price was excellent, we had leftovers and ended up eating those for dinner, it was like two meals for the price of one.   They have a huge menu, and some good looking kid's meals.  There was a table of folks next to us from England, and they came up from their vacation at Disney just to eat here!  And this wasn't their first time there!  Service is also A+++
If you haven't been to Willow Tree yet, then what are you even doing with your life? The best German food you can possibly find. Theo is awesome. This place is the crown jewel of downtown Sanford.
This is by far one of the best and most fun restaurants you can go to in the Central FL area. Have been here many times. The food is always on point, the beer is always nice and cold and the atmosphere is JUST FUN! If you go on Fri and Sat nights, they have the band playing. Everyone can go and have a great time! I highly suggest reservations especially for big parties, they can do it, but you need a reservation. AWESOME PLACE!!!!
Their food is always good (yummy red cabbage), and always a fun atmosphere!! I always look forward to going here and trying new things.
After living in the Lake Mary/Sanford area for over 10 years, decided to check this place out for lunch.  It is centrally located in the heart of downtown Sanford which for those of you who arent familiar, is a very small area in the heart of Sanford not far from the Riverwalk area.  It is very quaint with adjacent antique shops, and a few bars and restaurants.   It was a beautiful day so the outside seating was percfect for us.  The live music was a nice compliment to the sunny weather and the cool breeze.   There was a very healthy lunch crowd and most of the tables outside were full however we were seated quickly.  The server was very attentive and brought our beer quickly prior to taking our lunch order.  They had my favorite, Tucher, so I was very happy.   The sandwhiches we ordered were served without much of a delay and were delicious.  I definitely enjoyed the chicken salad on a croissant.  I wasnt in the mood for authentic German food however the menu is overflowing with it.  I will have to try something different next time. If you get a chance, definitely check this place out.
I've been here on a couple of occasions and have mixed feelings. The beer and atmosphere is great and the owner makes you feel welcomed. My gripe, being German, this is not 100% authentic German food. Sure the names are correct but the flavor of the food is wrong. Sauerkraut - although the word does mean sour - usually sauerkraut isn't bitter or full of vinegar, it also doesnt taste like it just came out of a can. The wurst isn't that great either - example; Currywurst isn't just a boiled white sausage with ketchup and curry powder. Currywurst is slightly sliced, fried/cooked, served with curryketchup - not ketchup with curry powder over it.  Anyway, if you have never been to Germany I would def suggest to visit and then you will understand what I mean about the food.
Love, love, love this place! What a fun experience! We love going to Willow Tree with a group of people and sharing das boot! The food is excellent, the wait staff is always good, and the entertainment is awesome to watch and listen to! Make sure that you make a reservation because Willow Tree can be busy, fast, which is totally understandable! It's always a treat to go!
Every visit takes me back to my youth as a teenager living in Deutschland what an authentic remember of how delicious & filling this cuisine can be wow what a great experience
I took several members of my family here during my vacation/visit to Orlando.  Everyone enjoyed their dishes - sausages, schnitzels, and sauerbraten so we got a pretty representative sample.  The pretzel appetizer was also a big hit and most liked the cheese spread.  I got the 3 sausage meal and used it to taste a variety.  I liked the mettwurst and knackwurst much better than the bratwurst but I'm sure this is more a question of personal taste than quality.  Keep an eye on the side dishes which come with your meal as it doesn't make sense to order potato pancakes as an appetizer if they come with your dinner (unless you really like potato pancakes).  The service was very friendly and our server (Suemali - I'm sure I'm butchering her name) took great care of us.
We always have fun! Always consistent. Great food! Great atmosphere! & wonderful entertainment & staff!
It's never a bad time at Hollerbach's.  Their food is always excellent and well cooked and the service is as good as it gets. Their pork schnitzel (sp?) sandwich is my favorite thing on the menu along with their side salad which is actually always well dressed.  The beer is (obviously) excellent and always cold. My next step is to get a boot, but I'm not sure I'm brave enough for that!  Go here, enjoy, be merry and bring all of your friends.  You won't regret it!
Awesome German fare and great beer selections. I had the Wiener Schnitzel made with pork and some spaetzle and their delicious brown sauce. My darling wife had the pork shank and our friends had some yummy potato pancakes and sandwiches. My only gripe is they pipe the oompa band music from inside out on tot he patio a bit too loud for our taste. Next time we will get there earlier to avoid this problem.
First time having German food with the girls and this was the perfect place. Our waiter Eric was sweet and helpful. I highly recommend the chicken schnitzel and potato pancakes. They are a must! Great and attentive service. Will be back here someday and will tell people about this place. Thank you for such great food and service!
I'm not a huge fan of the German food but this place is the real deal. Beer and meat for days and authentic accents all around. Delicious!
Carolyn and I were in town on business and it happened to be Halloween night. We were surprised to find that the staff were all dressed in elaborate costumes, as were many of the customers. Our server was a Goddess. A nearby table was served by Bat Girl. We improvised by "dressing up"  in orange tee shirts and black pants. The costumes, the outstanding German cuisine and the live German entertainment made the evening memorable. Food: Excellent. We had, among other things, a variety of sausages that were perfectly cooked and as good as anything we've had in German restaurants in Chicago. Service: Excellent. Friendly. Ambiance: The live music sets the tone ... we loved it. The outdoor seating was appreciated.
I really wanted to love this place, but find myself struggling to justify returning  considering my experience with the service.  Our hostess seated us, but apparently never notified anyone we were there because our waitress didn't even come talk to us until about fifteen to twenty minutes after being seated.  Once we finally placed our order and got our food out (which also took a considerable amount of time) our waitress abandoned us yet again.  After dropping off our food, we didn't see her for another half an hour.  I had to flag down another waitress to even put in an order for dessert and get our check. After all the rave reviews about the quality of service and food, I feel sad and disappointed that I didn't have the same experience as everyone else. Other than that, the meals are pretty pricey, almost $20 per plate.  The atmosphere was great, there were tons of people, group seating, a live band, and plenty of drinking.  The beer boot is awesome if you have a group of people 4+.
A lot plays into this rating, considerably above all else is the service, which I would give negative stars if I could.  We were there for approximately 2.5 hours and saw our waitress 5 times.  The first time was to throw the menus on the table, not even kind enough to individually hand them to us as would be the appropriate thing to do.  She then returned with our waters (not the beers, which wouldn't arrive until about 15 minutes after we ordered them and the pretzel, which didn't come at all).  The third time was to refill the waters in which more beers were ordered, which never came.  The fourth time was to bring the food.  After eating, a male server came over and he said our waitress asked him to see if we need anything.  I doubt this is true.  He probably saw how we were just sitting there, empty plates and empty glasses and how we'd been like that for about twenty minutes.  He is the one that brought our checks, but she returned finally to pick them up.   I can only comment on my food (but nobody at our table finished theirs). The potato pancakes were dry and flavorless.  I ordered the nurnberger and wettwurst sausages.  The nurnberger was ok, but the wettwurst wasn't cooked so I sent it back.  If they are made fresh in the restaurant, I would be shocked.  They tasted as if they had been previously frozen.  The spatzel was probably the best thing I ate or the bread and butter they give. However, if you like like loud, obnoxious people, drink a lot, and like to overpay for mediocre food, then this is the place for you.
This place is good. Real good. We went on a Sunday evening and it was absolutely packed. Thankfully we had reservations. I ordered the pick 2 sausages plate with potato dumplings, spatzel and sauerkraut. Oh my, that sauerkraut kind of made my night. The mustard that was served with the sausages was also delicious. I wasn't a fan of the spatzel (too salty and rich) or the dumplings. Based on how much I liked the other stuff, I would guess I am not a dumpling person as it was my first experience with them. Everyone else at the table got schnitzel and I didn't hear any complaints. The service was very friendly and the live music was pretty entertaining. I would definitely go back to this place on a regular basis if I lived in Florida. Prost!
The best German food and cakes. The coconut raspberry cake is my favorite. The bread is delicious and The Heaven and Earth mashed potatoes are awesome along with the pork Schnitzel
Have been here before and chose it for our (nontraditional, I know) wedding rehearsal dinner. The food was phenomenal as always, the service was great and the entertainment was even better. They worked with us ahead of time and provided a family style menu to make things easy for our party of 35 people. EXTREMELY AFFORDABLE even with unlimited beer/drinks for our big drinking friends! Love this place. Even brought us up for a "1st dance"!
Four stars for carrying a nice German cider and excellent friendly service they have over there, also patio seating with live music during the weekends! Located in downtown Sanford and great to walk around.
Wow!  What a wonderful place to have a great German meal and listen to some great German music from a live band and have a great time in downtown Sanford!  I've been here twice now and absolutely love it.  I had the sausage plate the first time and it was superb with three different kinds of sausage, sauerkraut and potatoes.  This time I had Eisbein, which is a pork shank with potatoes and sauerkraut.  The meat was tender and juicy and a little crispy on the outside which I adore!  The atmosphere was just pure and simple fun!  Service is always excellent and quick.  You won't get bored here with food or fun!  Prices are okay.
I absolutely love this place! Just wish it was closer!  If you are on a strict diet, don't come here! ;). Everything is fried, covered in sauces, etc! But it's all so damn good!! I have been here on 2 separate occasions. Our most recent visit was with a dachshund meetup group. The restaurant is VERY dog friendly and accommodated our large group and our pets on the patio. I ordered the chicken schnitzel with a side of spatzel with rahm sauce and the potato pancakes that come with applesauce. Yummy!!! If you are a carb freak, get the giant pretzel for your appetizer . Delicious but it will get you full fast!  While we were there, a German band was playing inside. And they had a speaker outside so we could hear everything. Such a fun time! I highly recommend this place to those who haven't been. It is a bit of a drive if you are away from the Sanford area but totally worth it! We enjoy it every single time!
I have frequented this special little restaurant for years and i loved the atmosphere,  but I must say, after eating there yesterday, that the quality has gone down hill. We came in early, around 5:30pm and the entire restaurant was empty which did ditract from the experience because the concept of eating at this restaurant is to interact with the quests and enjoy the band. We did however get the unfortunate chance to actually look around, where the floor was dirty and in extreme need of a good mopping. The menus where old and covered with dirt and what looked like old dried up beer strains. I couldnt help but think that for what was kinda an upscale restaurant, the managment has really let the basic details of a clean establishment slip. Food was marginal, since we had arrived early, the oil must havent warmed up yet bc my breaded pork was a little oily but still taste and in general the food is a winner. Of course when your drinking great German beer, everything tastes great. In my humble opinion,  the owner really needs to shake up his supervision and get them to start managing the details on the front of the house.
The CCHS National German Honor Society came here as a celebratory dinner and let me tell you, it was an amazing night. The atmosphere is amazing, with the live music, dancing and German decor and the food is to die for. Everyone is always in a great mood. This is a great place for a joyful get together. I'd be here every Friday night if I didn't live so far.
This is a big place with a mom and pop setting.  I began my dinner with a nice cold Muenchen Hofbrau Lager (very smooth beer!!!) and a Risen Brezen (huge pretzel served with mustard and cheese spread). Both very good to start. I had the Oktoberfest Wurst Teller, which included two sausages and two sides. The bratwurst and heaven on earth were definitely my favorite. They were both full of favor. The only negative I have is that the menu is a little on the pricey. But I guess that's the price you pay for authentic German food.
An excellent experience. Given my German ancestors, this is soul food to me. Veal schnitzel was perfect as was the sauerbraten. Best of all was the timing and service. Our server, Sumalee, was amazing. Could not have asked for a better experience.
This is the place we go for special occasions and weekend fun. They food is authentic German and amazing. Tons of delicious authentic German beers and fun live music on the weekends. It is a bit pricey, but going here is definitely an event to remember. I always get the schnitzel, but I've heard the sausages and  quiche are also very good. The apple strudel is to die for. If you have a large group make a reservation at least a week in advance.
Having been to Germany I can remember having great German food and I am always looking for the next good haunt for international grinds.  First off, if you have never been to Germany or experienced photos of German restaurants you may be shocked to learn that seating is communal.  Everyone sits at a long table and groups eat together.  When it is crowded you may be dinning next to complete strangers.  What a good way to make new friends!  The interior is not overly flashy, it appears to have been a renovated retail space.  They have an excellent selection of authentic German beer.  The food was good.  We were with a large group and had the opportunity to sample just about every possible variety of food and beverage.  It's ok, we were family.   Overall, it is one of the best German restaurants I have been to here in the US.  Perhaps a trip is in order for Octoberfest!
Came here for my birthday dinner tonight with 6 friends. It's been a while since i've been here, but the Gemütlichkeit hasn't changed, still warm and friendly. It can get a bit loud at times, trying to hear the conversation over the fellow with the accordion who belts out the German drinking song Ein Prosit  ("Ziggy Zaggy Ziggy Zaggy OI OI OI!") every 5 minutes or so. A Bavarian soft pretzel was shared by the group, & I had the metterwurst / knockwurst with heaven & earth potatoes (well-named) for my meal...and 2 beer. I don't remember its exact name, but it was a seasonal beer that was an amber-type. Whatever it was, it probably had some impossibly long German name...but it  was smooth and very good. Since I'm something of a lightweight anyways (my Irish, Scottish, German, and Norse ancestors would be ashamed), of course it got me good  and giggly. But I had a good time and I took home an Apfel Strudel for dessert.
The Schnitzel and an Erdinger beer are a perfect combination.   I chose the potato pancakes and sauerkraut for sides, absolutely delicious.   I have been here several times and have never been disappointed.   As an added bonus they serve bread from their bakery to start. After lunch, I went around the corner to their bakery and shop.   I bought some rolls and pretzels.  The pretzels are huge and delicious.  The rolls are equally good and freeze well. The only problem I see with this place is that it is so far away from where I live.
This restaurant is an icon of adorable down Sanford.  The live music sets the tone, with an om-pah band and cow bells, The environment is fun! There are many options, few vegetarian, but there is a healthier menu, where there are chicken only dishes. I brought my parents, who were visiting from california, and they had a blast.  They loved the food, the fun environment and prompt service. My boyfriend enjoys coming in and practicing his german and getting a great meal.  Portions are large, expect to take home a to go container!  The prices are reasonable and it's always a good time. All of my friends and family love the various sausages.  I want to come for lunch some day and I swear I am going to drink a boot!
I've never had German food before but this was great! When we arrived here there was a line at the door but it was worth the wait. The sausage and beer was superb and the live entertainment made the whole experience seem authentic. I would definitely come back here.
I just can't imagine you will find a more authentic German restaurant in the Orlando. From the music, to the food and drinks, to the lederhosen. Our group of four even joined with another table to polish off one of their famous boots of beer (ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oi oi oi!) for which you must have at least a group of 5 to split and cannot sit down or stop passing until the beer is gone! This is one of those, ehhh places that you go to and leave thinking, "How did I not know about this place!?" Give a whirl, we loved it. 5 stars.
Ive never been a fan of German cuisine. This place was highly recommended by an associate. My friend and I really enjoyed the entire experience. To our surprise, this restaurant still honors smokers with outdoor smoking section which is hard to find in Orlando. So he really liked it with the cold glass of Octoberfest. I would recommend anyone to order sausage sampler plate which comes w five diff kinds. Then pick the best two for the next visit. I would recommend Schnitzel half order which was perfect portion for me. Always ask one of the seasoned service staff for recommendation. Great beer selection added more to the experience.
Love eating here! Food is great, atmosphere is great, service is good, beer is even better! Love going here and grabbing a table outside (not during mosquito season of course!). Only complaint... pricing is a couple of dollars higher than I'd like per plate, but you get what you pay for...
Contrary to most of the reviews on here I hate Hollerbach's. I have tried it twice now and left with the same feeling both times. If you like dining in an environment that is similar to what you would find in a frat house then this is the place for you. There is live entertainment, amplified so loudly that you spend the entire evening going, "WHAT?!?" "HUH?". The same few songs are played over and over and over again throughout the night...including the chicken dance and a drinking song. There are drinking chants that are bellowed throughout the night and the crowd is encouraged to stand up often. I felt like I had entered ~THE TWILIGHT ZONE~! If you value your personal space then this place is not for you. The tables are packed so tight that you feel like you are in a communal dining situation. The guy sitting at the table next to me touched me so many times times during the night that I figured I should give him my number! ((Gross!)) The place is hot and not exactly clean...which I am sure is due in part by the number of people in the place. Everyone in my party was sweating by the end of the evening. My friend received a glass of wine (by mistake) and it had remnants of lipstick around the entire lip of the glass (making me think it was leftovers from more than one patron). ((Barf!)) The service, in a word, sucks. In order to get drinks the people in our group had to serve themselves by going up to the bar twice! It took us three hours between the time we were seated until the time we left - and since it was so hot, loud, and obnoxious - we didn't exactly linger. We had to ask for our bills twice. The owner snatched one of the chairs from our table on two separate occasions...heaven forbid you need to go to the bathroom or something or even look the other way.  ((WTH?)) The food is b-l-a-n-d. Even the bread was crap. I had to douse my food with salt just to choke it down. Oh and and it also came out barely lukewarm - both times I have been there. Considering the quality I think it is overpriced. My Pork Schnitzel with two small sides was about $17. The best thing about the meal were the Potato Pancakes - which tasted exactly like the ones you get at First Watch. I tried it once and hated it...two years passed until I went back to celebrate a friend's birthday...and it has gotten even worse. I hate pretty much everything about this place...the overcrowding, the lack of cleanliness, the inept servers, and the bland food. (As an aside, the food at Chef Henry's in Longwood blows this place away. While they do not specialize is German food, they serve European cuisine and their Schnitzel and Chicken Rouladen are delicious!) I am blown away by the reviews here that praise this place. I can only guess that everyone was so inebriated that they weren't able to accurately remember their meals. I, however, will NEVER EVER be back. You couldn't pay me to go to Willow Tree ever again. (F)
You know the sound the record player needle makes when it scratches across an LP?  That's what I heard in my brain when the server told me they didn't have sweet mustard.  WHAT?!  A German restaurant not having sweet mustard is like McDonalds not having Ketchup. I was pumped that I was able to order my weisswurst warmed and not grilled.  I ordered a pretzel to go along with the weisswurst.  Now, all I needed was sweet mustard and then it would be sweet German release.  But NO!, they didn't have any, and for several weeks according to the server.  Was I just rick rolled? I untwisted my big-girl panties and ate my meal with only an occasional bitching.  Everything was delicious, despite the missing mustard. Without dwelling on this much longer, I want to know why Hollerbach's couldn't buy some jars of sweet mustard from Magnolia's market.  When we visited the market after our meal, I made sure to check to see if they had sweet mustard.  Sure 'nough.  lots of jars of sweet mustard.   Next time I'll check to see if Hollerbach's has all ingredients before I order a traditional German meal, if not, I'll bring in my own condiments (bought from their market). Bussy Bussy
Located in the heart of Downtown Sanford (no really, they have a downtown area), this restaurant is something EVERY beer lover should experience.  The atmosphere is really what makes this place so worth the trip to Sanford.  The owners can be seen throughout the night serving boots and hanging out with the customers.  The band plays lots traditional and non-traditional (Hava Nagila?) German music at full volume.  You can tell that everyone is there to have a good time. The food is ridiculously good, probably because it's all really unhealthy.  I've tried the sausages, schnitzel, and potato pancakes - all have been delicious.  My favorite so far is the schnitzel covered in a mushroom gravy.  The sauce elevates the schnitzel near-perfection.   So grab a group of friends, order a few boots of beer*, and gorge yourself on sausage and schnitzel.   *Here are the rules of the boot: 1.  You must have at least four people to order the 2L and five people to order the 3L. 2.  You CANNOT let the boot touch the table until it's done. 3.  You should have a DD, because one boot is never enough.
Ok, since Yelp suggests 2 stars for "Meh" and Meh is the way I feel.  It's a fun atmosphere and the server smiled, but the service was horrible.  We were in a large group BUT the place is known for large groups.   Our servers were were good at taking orders.  Bringing the orders, not so much.  I asked three times for beer before going to the bar. Forgot our appetizer. Forgot my water.  Needed that . Had to go to the bar for the water. Asked for sour cream.  I guess they thought I did not need it. Entrees took an 1 hour to order, one hour to come out.  That might have been fine if I had beer. CAVEAT : Service at the bar was friendly. Once again, meh to the food.  I guess I was spoiled eating this stuff at home growing up so I am hyper critical.  The pancakes were super mushy.  The crab stack was not crabby (as I seem to be when writing this).  The sausage were good, not awesome.  I felt the same about the pretzel.The schnitzel was overbreaded AND over cooked, making me a little scared for my teeth.  My wife's schnitzel either had the wrong sauce or way too much of a poorly described correct sauce. They do have entertainment, but since we were sat on the street (literally, not the patio) did not get to enjoy that so much. With all of the good reviews, it might have been a bad night for them.  I did have a good time, but that was because of the company not because of the restaurant.  In fact, if not for the people with whom I sat, it might have been more angrifying.  Sorry, had to use at least one made up word when describing a German restaurant. Fahrvergnugen.
Based on YELP reviews, my husband and I had lunch here today before boarding the Amtrak auto train.  Hubby had their version of Reuben with the Heaven & Earth mashed potatoes (sautéed onions, bacon & apple in the spuds).  I had the Bratwurst Sliders with sauerkraut.  DELICIOUS!  Will definitely plan to dine here whenever we pass through Sanford.
Who cares about the food? There's too much else to talk about here! 1. Beer. Giant beers that made me run home and watch Beerfest. They actually have Das Boot - and the owner of the joint will bring you your beer, which you can't sit down on the table, and you must drink until it's gone. And if it has too much head on it - he'll drink that off for you no problem. 2. Entertainment. Two dudes playing accordions and cow bells and a freaking baster - yes, a baster. He plays it well, and they call him a master baster. Yes, out loud in front of everyone. 3. Atmosphere. Everyone is drinking, laughing, and loud. It's a roaring good time and I doubt anyone gets pissed off or offended in this place. It oozes good energy. 4. Okay the food. I'm not a huge fan of German cuisine, but I had some pork dish that was beyond tender. Their potato pancakes were *aweeeesome* and their sausage sampler app was really, really, REALLY good.   That's all I've got - I'm not sure I added anything of value to this review, but that's okay,... I needed to share. :)
Hollerbach's Willow Tree is a German restaurant that encourages gluttony, drunkenness, and conga lines, all bad behavior I can support 100%. I probably shouldn't be encouraging you people to go because I already have to wait two hours to get in on a Saturday night, but the secret is already out on this gem. Once you've elbowed your way to a table, you're sucked in by the fun atmosphere. Tables pass around boots of beer, forcing grandma to take part in family drunkery. On stage is a wonderful Polka (or Oom pa Pa) band that plays gems like "The Chicken Dance" and a drinking song every five minutes, forcing you to shout "Zicke zacke zicke zacke hoi hoi hoi!" It's beautiful enough to make you weep. The food is heavy, fattening, and amazing. When I want something lighter, the Gypsy Schnitzel is unbreaded and bathed in peppers and onions, giving you the illusion that it's healthy. My standard is a selection of three sausages, then over-carbing by adding a side of potato pancakes (served with sour cream and applesauce) and a mashed potato concoction called heaven and earth ( it really is Heaven ON Earth). Hollerbach's has an amazing beer selection. German beer gets you drunk easily, so you should be sufficiently tipsy after a pint and a half. Feeling confident and happy, you will join the conga line and feel like this is the best day of your life. Service, yes, can be rude, but honestly I expect my German servers to be surly and angry with the world. This restaurant is the ultimate in comfort and escape from reality and your dreary, depressing life. I wish I could live here, but the owner already told me no. If there is a Heaven, it surely resembles Hollerbach's, only you'll never be full.
Simply amazing.  Worth the trip from Orlando.  I cane from Dallas and will definitely be back.  Beer was great. The staff was great and the food was great. Pick anything and you won't be disappointed.
I stumbled upon the Willow Tree a good 4-5 years back when in Sanford for Oktoberfest. That time we just had some beer and spaetzel but it was so great we had to go back. We make it up there every couple months for great food and awesome beer! The staff is knowledgeable. Theo, the owner, comes around and talks with everyone, a rarity these days. The beer selection is not the usual and that's so refreshing! The atmosphere is relaxed. I've been to Europe once and a major difference I noted there was that the servers didn't bother you every 2 minutes as they do here. Maybe that's what some other reviewers have felt at Willow Tree but I enjoy that I can get my server when I need him or her, they are always in sight, but they aren't hovering over you and asking how you are with every bite you put in your mouth. Willow Tree has great food, great drinks, an incredible fun family atmosphere. My little girl loves to run and dance to the live music playing and we love to chat and laugh with our friends. The Willow Tree is a family favorite for us!
Gemütlichkeit translated to lousy service, rudeness and unprofessional behavior on behalf of the staff and management. It was our first - and now last - time there. My family hails from Germany. And I was looking forward to a night of good food & a bit of my childhood with my partner. We traveled in from Orlando. The evening started out ok - we were immediately seated. And then we sat in the corner for about 40 minutes as other people who arrived after us had their orders taken and their drinks brought to their table. Not one server looked at us or acknowledged us despite our efforts to catch them. It took another guest telling her server that "the people next to us haven't been approached". Rather than walk over to take our order, the server said "oh, we don't have stations.....let me get someone." Five minutes later, another server saunters over to 'take our order." No apology with a "doing you a favor attitude". My fiance was both hungry and mad at that point. He had been looking forward to taking me out and this place's lack of service, rudeness and the expectation that we were supposed to whistle or shout out for service was ridiculous. When we did speak to a manager, who obviously is ill experienced, the remark we got was "well what do you want me to do about it?" None of the responses were sincere. Apologies were only given to us AFTER we walked back to complain.   I'm sorry...while this place may have good German food as the reviews say, but the service is horrendous. Go there if you'd like to experience Unhöflichkeit und Überheblichkeit -- not Gemütlichkeit We'll just wait to visit the family in Germany for good service & probably better food.
We had such a wonderful experience.  We went on a Friday afternoon. It was windy, sunny, and beautiful outside.  So we sat on the patio.   The food was amazing.  Our server, Christopher, was so helpful.  The atmosphere was quaint.  The patio faces a nice typical Southern downtown area that has several art and antique type shops.  On a Friday afternoon, we had no problems finding parking. However, I would assume during some peak times that finding parking might be an issue.  Parallel street parking was the only option we saw. I only visited inside for a quick bathroom stop.  It looked interesting with a few German maps and such on the walls.  There seem to be several long tables and a few smaller ones on the inside. So the best part was the food--which was amazing!  Our table ordered the Pork Wiener Schnitzel, Sauerbraten, Chicken Wiener Schnitzel,  Sweet red cabbage,  Potato Pancakes,  Spatzle with Rahm Gravy, and Sauerkraut.     The Pork Weiner Schnitzel was so amazingly tender.  It is of course battered and fried.    The Chicken version I would describe as similar to the southern dish usually smothered in Gravy...however, it was so much more tender than that.    I had the lunch portion of the schnitzel.  It seemed like a generous portion for lunch.   The Sauerbraten was so tender and falling apart that often bites would crumble before I could get a bite.  I loved the sauce.  I think it might be the red wine and gingersnaps that made the flavor so amazing.     The side dishes were equally delicious.   The Spatzle was very good.  I would describe it as a cross between a dumpling and a pasta with a brown gravy.  The sauerkraut tasted freshly made.  It was better than any sauerkraut I have ever had!  The potato pancakes were kind of what you would expect.   I would HIGHLY recommend a visit to Hollerbach's.  Next time were going at a time we can sample some beer and entertainment.
Authentic German food, reasonably priced. Nice selection of beer, the sausages are lovely, but the service is HORRIBLE. And I've spoken directly to Mr. Hollerbach (whom you can find waddling between tables on any given visit) about the sometimes nasty servers. You know what? He doesn't give a shit. Boo! Lunch prices are in the cheap category, while dinner prices are moderate.
The atmosphere is pure Germany and the wait staff are exceptionally knowledgeable about everything from beer to spaetzle. The pretzel is a fun appetizer and the Kostriker is an excellent dark beer.
We have a local German place right near our house and have always enjoyed the food there (despite the lack of customers) but I was blown away by the great food at Hollerbachs!  I had heard about it for a while but its totally on the other side of town for me but friends were going to Sanford to do some shopping and I went along for the ride.  We got there around 11 am on a Sunday and the place was busy but not full. We decided to take a seat inside due to the weather... a bit cold and rainy to hang out on their patio area in front.   The place is decorated is a mixture of styles... some german... some deco... some 80's... It looks like it used to be a furniture showroom of some type and then they expanded into the other shops around them for more space. But I did not come for the look of the place, I came for the food... and what wonderful food it was!  I ordered the 2 sausage plate with two sides... german potato salad and red cabbage.  I wanted to try everything on the menu!  My friends both had the Wiener Schnitzel with different sides.... green salad, Spatzel with Rahm sauce, Potato Pancakes, and Sauerkraut.  The Schnitzel was moist and meaty!  (something our local place was not) and all the sides were excellent.   I also discovered that they served a beer I tried at Epcot's food and Wine celebration last year... a Krombacher Dunkel!  It was just as good as I remember it!  If you don't care for dark beer, this one might be a good one to try... it is excellent. I understand there is entertainment on certain days.  I did not get to hear it but my friends told me it was fun.  Lots of music and dancing... and drinking! Atmosphere = 7 Service = 9 Food = 10 I do plan to go back again the next time I am up in the Sanford area!  Enjoy!
I've never been a fan of German food, but had an absolutely incredible meal at Willow Tree.  I had the pork schnitzel seasoned with gypsy spices and sauteed with peppers and onions (not sure the menu item name) - it came with the typical potato pancake, but the showstopper was the Heaven and Earth mashed potatoes.  Imagine creamy fluffy mashed potatoes that taste like bacon. Or bacon that looks just like mashed potatoes. I can't wait to get another group of people together and go back!
After the hour wait for our food, it seemed worth it. The sausage was to die for w/ the heaven and earth potatoes! I liked them so much, I got a recipe to make them at home!
The best spaetzle in the southeast.  No question!   Come for the food, stay for the dinner show.  It's Octoberfest whenever you want! If you dig the German beer, be sure to bring a designated driver!
Whoa! The menu is huge and I had a hard time making a selection.  A good problem to have... gives me plenty of reasons to return. We had the standard 1 liter serving of beer ($11). An excellent dopplebock - Weihenstephaner Vitus paired well with my meal. It was light and medium bodied but it packs a punch at 7.7% ABV.  They rotate the beers, but they are sure to have quality at all times.  Sat at the bar and we got healthy samples before picking our liter of bier. I couldn't decide between Der Wanderer and Curry Wurst so the bartender threw in a half portion of curry wurst on the house.  Der Wanderer is a dish I chose based on a passing server's recommendation - warm boloney 2 potato pancakes and 2 sunny side up eggs... great combo.  The curry wurst was good, sausage was of great quality, however the sauce lacked seasoning - perhaps toned down for American tastebuds. Local gem!
The Willow Tree offers some of the best German food in Central Florida and it's located in beautiful, downtown Sanford.  I suggest going there on Thursday - Sunday evening.  That's when they have a live band playing German music.  One of the guy's in the band plays Eidelweiss on a turkey baster and saw.  Very entertaining. The food is excellent.  I'm partial to the veal schnitzel with spaetzle and the heaven & earth potatoes.  Definitely try the potato pancakes too! The selection of German beers is wonderful as well.
I've had some great fun at Hollerbach's but on our last trip we were disappointed. I had been talking the place up to friends and gathered a large group to go out and celebrate Oktoberfest. My main beef was that it took over an hour to get our food. Yes, I know we were a large table and it was slammed but I would have thought they would have known they'd be busy and get the extra help needed to serve food in a timely manner. Remember, we had talked this place up and brought people who had never been before. It got to the point where conversation lagged as we eyed the kitchen longingly. Finally the food arrived, mine was great as usual but our friends who had never been said their food was cold! Ugh, they'll never take our dining advice again! I assured them that we hadn't had problems in the past and said they should send it back. They refused, I guess they were too hungry to wait any longer! Then it took another hour to get our check, I even had to go to the hostess stand to ask for them since we couldn't find our server! Generally we still like this place and will be back but this experience left a bad taste in our mouth. Oh, and the bathroom situation is lousy. There are only 2 stalls in the ladies room and the bathroom needs some TLC. It looks worn and the doors are so low I can see over them (OK, I'm tall, but still!). Also, big thumbs down for no changing table. There are always families with kids there and when we had to change a diaper we had to lay him on the floor (on paper towels), gross!
I ain't no hollerbach guy! I had the Signature (TM) Reubenstein sandwich which was like a regular reuben but with marble rye. I also tried a couple sausages, one was just like a keilbasa you can get anywhere the other was smaller and nothing amazing. The potato pancakes were not as crispy as I would expect but still pretty good. The saurkraut had apples in it and was very tangy and good, the mustard they gave on the side was wayyy! too strong for me. With the sandwich they give 2 carrot sticks 2 celery and 2 Gherkins with a small side of dressing, I thought this was a great little addition. They give you ruffles chips which is a crappy side that a lot of places give and it annoys me. The Orange Peach something iced tea was pretty good. The waitress was authentic german and friendly. They didn't have the cheddarwurst which upset my meal plan but oh well. It has a great exciting atmosphere, very busy but enough room for everyone. I only wish they had booths instead of wood chairs. The desert was Coconut Creme pie, it was tasty but had a weird aftertaste. I asked the waitress how they made the filling and she said it had rum or schnapps in it, that explains it!
I visited HWTC last night and really enjoyed my meal. I ordered Curryworst, which is now on the menu. (It wasn't when I first dined here several years ago, but the kitchen gave it a shot.) This time it was great! Good sausage, excellent curry sauce. I do wish they would offer German French Fries. As a kid in Berlin I loved them. They were like McDonald's, and served with mayo. Service was very good, and  my draft Warsteiner was perfect. I think Warsteiner is the quintessential German Beer.
If you are looking for the beer boot, look no further because this place is the real deal!  It also gets pretty packed, so definitely call ahead and get reservations. I was lucky enough to wait only 20 min when my original time was 1 hour. On Friday and Saturday, they have entertainment from 7-9pm with popular German drinking songs, none of which I knew but everyone seem familiar with them, which made it fun and comfortable. I ordered their soup of the day which is similar to seafood jambalaya and was pretty tasty. For the table we had potato pancakes which reminded me hash browns and deliciousness and the king's feast. That can feed 4-6 ppl. We were only four and had tons of left over. It's a great sampler plate if you don't know much about German food. You will definitely get a sodium high from the different type of sausages to the sauerkraut. If you are craving German and want entertainment, this is the place to be!
This place was my very first experience at a German restaurant. When I first got there the hostess was extremely sweet and sat us down immediately. Our server was a very nice guy and the food was great. I had a metwurst with heaven and earth potatoes and vegetables on the side. For dessert, I had a mini chocolate mousse. They had German music playing live on a stage from the inside of the restaurant and the servers seemed to fit the part with their wardrobes. There was a table next to us doing dasboot (tradition where they pass around a massive beer and share in finishing it and can't let it touch the table.) It was fun to watch. Overall, definitely plan on coming back. Enjoyed my experience.
Food is a solid 4, Atmosphere a good 3, everyone seemed to be having fun, Decor? Negative 10, My god what a dump! This place appears to be sucessful enough to spend some money on oooooohhh anythin less than 50 years old???? And the bathrooms??? SHEISSE I know this is Sanford but COME ON exposed piping? How do they get away with that? NAAAAAAAASTY!
Oh. My. God. Or should I say "mein Gott!" After countless minutes of walking around 1st Street in Sanford and trying to find a place to eat, let me say that I am dumbfounded that there was even the possibility that I could choose a place other than Hollerbach's that night. I am completely ashamed of myself. I went to Germany in the 10th grade, and this restaurant brought me right back to the great beer halls of Munich, the chaos of Oktoberfest, and the hospitality of the German people in general. As soon as you are within earshot of this place, German polka music can be heard, costumed servers can be seen dancing around the dining room, and the smell of the most amazing food comes wafting through the streets of Sanford. I have never had more fun in a local restaurant before, but perhaps that is because I dined here during the celebration of German Mardi Gras. However, I am informed that every weekend there is live music, and I highly recommend going on one of those nights. The food is definitely German food at its finest. Everything I had was perfectly cooked, and the balance of the sweet "Heaven and Earth" (mashed potatoes and green apples with bacon) with the slightly sour Braised Red Cabbage was out of this world. I also had the pork Rahm Schnitzel, which consisted of lightly breaded pork cutlets topped with the most delicious brown sauce I have ever had. Simply amazing. Plus, before your meal even begins, they bring you fresh bread right out of the oven, something that always makes me happy at a restaurant. This restaurant brings the best of the old world to Central Florida, and is definitely a place I will return to again. I only hope next time I know the words to the German beer-drinking songs (everyone else seems too...)
This was amazing. We went on a Friday night for a friend's birthday an I had a blast. This is probably the best authentic German food you can get in the Southeast United States. I had a sausage sampler (made fresh on-site) and a liter of Paulaner Premium Pilsner. The pairing was perfect. Then the unthinkable happened. Boots of beer started being passed around the table... then shots... then we were all singing traditional German folk songs with glasses in the air and hanging out with the owner. Although I have no German blood, Hollerbach's Willow Tree brought out the celebratory German spirit in everyone. Highly Recommended.
I was in Orlando for training, and one of the other students turned out to be a big German food aficionado. After doing his research, he concluded that this was the place to try, so 5 of us piled into his car, made the drive, and gave it a shot. I'm glad we did. The restaurant's decor is nothing fancy, with relatively cheap tables and chairs, in a space that was partitioned into at least three rooms. Without the specific German decorations, it could have passed for any number of American meat 'n threes I've seen elsewhere. One room housed a small stage, and I saw signs advertising live music on certain nights (so beware if you don't care for that). Another room housed a large bar... we were there on a quiet weeknight, but I could see the place being much busier during the weekend. The waitresses were somewhat halfheartedly dressed like the typical German restaurant waitresses, but the service was excellent. The food was equally excellent, if not moreso... it was one of the most varied German restaurant menus I've ever seen. I had the Schnitzel Champignon Art (made with chicken), and it was absolutely delicious. Everybody at the table seemed to equally enjoy their own dishes. My one nitpick is that, like many restaurants, they seem to like to put bacon in side dishes that don't need it... if you don't eat pork, forget having sauerkraut or potato salad, cause they've got bacon in them. That was a real bummer, because I haven't had decent German potato salad in years. I swear restaurants would put bacon in soda if they could find a way. Save room for dessert... the dessert choices are absolutely wonderful. I ended up having a pumpkin cheesecake that was extraordinary, but there were easily a half dozen other choices that were equally as tempting. If the main course wasn't so good, I'd still recommend making a trip here just for the dessert. None of us drank (that night, anyway), but they did have an extensive wine and beer menu as well.
After a rough morning, I needed a beer and some comfort food at lunch. Hollerbach came through on both accounts! The currywurst was pillowy deliciousness and the beer...mmmmmmhmmm... so good! There really isn't much I can add that hasn't already been said but this was a very pleasant dining experience during an otherwise hellish nightmare of a morning!
Where to begin? There's so much good about this place! If you've ever thought about going to an Octoberfest, or any big German festival with giant glasses of German beer, great greasy fattening artery-clogging food, large German women serving you, and (as my wife calls them) the "oompah loompah" band playing, this is the place. Now that I've reduced an entire nation down to a convenient stereotype... Going to Hollerbach's is like entering a giant party you didn't know was going on. The place is loud. CRAZY loud. The band is playing through a terrible PA system, the place is packed with people like sardines in a can, and hordes of waitstaff swarm around the place. If that sounds horrible you're nuts, it is an absolute blast. Tons of people drinking great drinks, downing delicious food, and singing along with the band. The beer selection is excellent. If you're a bud/miller type drinker, you're sure to find a nice mellow German beer to suit your taste. If you're a card-carrying beer dork like me, you can dig into a Spaten Optimator, or some of the Aventinus stuff. The taps seem to change seasonally so there's usually something different to try. The food, well... this is a tough one for me to fairly judge. If you've read my reviews before, you know I'm a vegetarian. If you live in this world and have paid attention you likely know German food isn't exactly veggie friendly. However, the wonderful folks at the Willow Tree have been so kind as to offer us one wonderful dish. It's a Vegetarian Spaetzle, and it's wicked delicious. If you've never had real homemade Spaetzle before, you don't know what you're missing. Soft, tender little noodle-nuggets, covered in sauteed veggies and what I can only assume is an inhuman amount of butter. Mmmmm mmmmm good. Even knowing I only have one thing to choose from, I'd still go back again and again. Oh, and the potato pancakes are delicious too, started with an appetizer of those. Notice: If you're vegan, you're probably screwed. I went to Hollerbach's once with a group of co-workers. Ever since I've been trying to get all my friends to go, and we finally did last week. I think they loved it as much as I do. I will be back again. Great fun, can't recommend a trip there enough. NOTE: The band plays Thurs-Sunday, I'd imagine the place is a bit more quiet the other days if you're looking for a more mellow experience.
Unbelievably good. And the decor reminded me of my childhood in Wiesbaden. We were seated under a few awesome cookoo clocks next to a piano and some paintings of old houses in the mountains. Ah nostalgia. The food is amazingly filling and about as authentic as you can get from the wide variety of sausages and kraut down to the black forest cake. Would I eat here again? Oh you betcha. The beer list is also nothing to scoff at. They have quite a selection of german beers and schnapps. Now I want a beer...
I love German food. I was born and raised in Deutschland until I was 11 so I hope my taste buds on this review gives it some credibility. If you are into German food like me you know this is the best place in Central Florida to eat some authentic German food. If you haven't tried German food this is definitely a great place to try it for the first time. I recommend Jägerschnitzel with some Spätzle if you'd rather have something more dry then just get the Wienerschnitzel. The smoked/grilled goods are also great and the sauerkraut etc. For dessert, you have to get some chocolate cake. I like the chocolate mouse cake the most. There's also THE boot so if you like to drink beer and listen to live music...go check it out. You can read more about this on other peoples reviews. NOTE: I've been told to look out for the Cajun Brat special and that it ROCKS...maybe you will get to try it before me. Copy and pasted from Wikipedia: A Schnitzel in German is a cutlet without bones. Only if it is made of veal and coated in breadcrumbs is it called Wiener Schnitzel; a pork version is called Schnitzel Wiener Art (Viennese type schnitzel). These are often referred to as simply Schnitzel. When made of prime quality meat, a Schnitzel is mostly served plain, perhaps with some salt and a slice of lemon.
It's the friendly, likable, bastard child of a Biergarten and that diner that locals love.  Simple, delicious food with a mixture of German favorites and deli delights. Nothing is comparable in Central Florida. Definitely worth a visit... Have at least one potato pancake!
Wow, I got to try this place on Tuesday for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised.  I had the smaller portion of Chicken Schnitzel, with the buttered Spatzel and red cabbage.  OMG!  I am still thinking about their Spaetzle now, two days later!  For those of you not in the know , Spaetzle is a type of noodle that is made by pressing the pasta dough through a colander directly in boiling water.  After it is quickly cooked, it is usually sauteed in brown butter.  The shape of the pasta almost resembles a thick grub.  Willow Tree makes them perfectly!  Also, the prices on their menu are awesome when compared to some other local German restaurants.  And if bringing friends that do not like to try "ethnic foods"  they have several American and kids entrees for those picky eaters in your group.  I will definetly be back! If you go on a weekend night be sure to make reservations as I hear it gets really packed, and this place has a stage for entertainment which combined with some of the liters of beers I saw being served should make this place awesome at night!
was in Sanford for work, so I picked up an order. In historic downtown, and the restaurant was much bigger than I expected. The hostess was very sweet and double-checked that my order had utensils since I specifically asked over the phone. Ordered the 2 sausage sampler: bratwurst and weisswurst -- wow! I wasn't even in the mood for sausage but these are great, perfectly seasoned and not overly salty as some sausages can be. Ordered it with the spaetzel with rahm (love love love) and the german mashed potatoes (eh, not for me; too sweet but I can see how some people can enjoy it). Will definitely make a point of dining in if I'm in the neighborhood again.
Just happened to stop in this location while I was in Sanford for work and it was quite a treat.  The menu is a good size and there is something for any appetite.  The service was fantastic and so friendly.  I was such a fan that I took a menu home with me to keep it in mind for when I'm in the area.   They also have outside seating so when the weather is nice, it's a great people watching spot.  One night of the week (I forget which night) they have live music.
This place has some pretty awesome food. Depending on the time of day you go it can get quite loud and exciting. They have an awesome German beer selection in a full range of light to dark, from .3 liter to a full 3 liter boot! Later in the day they'll have live music and you'll be greeted with the frequent chant of "zicke zacke hoi hoi hoi!!" from the bar crowd. The times I've went in larger groups the food did take a fairly long time to come out (~30m) but our appetizers did come out fairly quickly. For appetizers the Riesen Brezen is great, huge pretzel, easily shareable between 2-3 people, lots of salt and comes with a very tangy large ground mustard and a mix of cream cheese, sour cream, onion, salt, pepper and Paprika (amazing!). The gourmet potato cakes are GREAT, super cheesy and crispy. The Eisbein dinner platter is a great cut of meat. Oven roasted pork foreleg, super moist and just the right amount of fat. Nothing too fancy just a delicious cut cooked very well. I also tried the Kaiser Wurst Teller (3 sausage) dinner platter with Weisswurst, Mettwurst, and Nurnberger, all of which were great, the Weisswurst wasn't quite my style, tasted much fattier than the rest, but I could apprecaite it. The sides are incredibly delicious. Kase Spatzel, egg noodle sauteed with butter and swiss cheese was great, reminiscent of mac and cheese and spatzel mixup. Spatzel Rahm has a really good gravy with the same egg noodles as well. The heaven and earth potatoes are out of the world! They're sweet and creamy yet slightly tangy a truly unique experience for mashed potatoes. The portions are absolutely massive. The Wurst Teller plate I immediately took half the plate and boxed it and still added more in. Same with my friends Eisbein and Schnitzel plates. For 17$ an entree you definitely get your fill.
I love this place. We go almost every time I'm in Sanford. They have a great choice of kids meals that my son really enjoys. Don't forget to stop at their bakery around the corner when you are done! We usually go there to get a dessert to go.
We started going to Willow Tree many years ago when my oldest son was in the German Club at Oviedo High School.  When his younger brother took German he fell in love with Willow Tree.  We have been going for his birthday ever since. (He's turning 21 this year).  Love to Umpa Band too.
No need for Yelp reviewers to pay attention to the Haters and their sorry reviews for this place. They should lay off of the Hater-ade... I've been going to Hollerbach's for about 8 years. I think that makes me a self-appointed expert of the place. The shows are awesome, interactive, loud and festive. It makes for a really fun time! I have never had a bad food experience at Hollerbach's. Some dishes I like better than others, like anywhere esle. If you are feeling frisky you must try the Heaven and Earth mashed potatoes (infused with fun, eh I mean apple and bacon!). While no place is perfect, I have only a couple of minor issues keeping Hollerbach's from receiving 5-stars. The service is so consistently...slow. Overall I am not too worried about it as the large 30oz. mug of beer I drink takes a bit longer to drain than their smaller 1 pint predecessors giving the server plenty more time to ensure I never run empty. The other isssue is the state of the restrooms on some of my visits. They could use a bit more attention. This restaurant is the perfect place to indulge in wonderful live entertainment, delicious brew, and hearty German food!
Just a fun kick ass place to go with friends. Good food good beer. The best part of it is the live music and the crowed of people there. It is a must if you have never been.
great food, excellent beer, but lacking in ambiance, however, where it lacks in that, it makes up greatly in the entertainment catagory on the weekends. Make sure you get a reservation well ahead... if you try and call the day of, you will most likely not get in, sadly...
After having heard about this place for so long I finally made the trek with a small group of friends to check it out.  We went on a Saturday night so the live music was in full swing.  Personally I like my peace and quiet so I could have done without the loud and noisy atmosphere and frequent chants of "Zicke zacke" but I understand that kind of comes with the territory! A lot of people love it and it doesn't really matter as long as the food was good. The place was very busy and so our food took a while to come out although it wasn't too bad.  Our server did forget our appetizer however and so we got that with the food. Of course, all that matters in the end is the food, and here's where I was a little disappointed.  I have to say that it was A-OK, as yelp's three star rating indicates, but not excellent to match the level of 5-star reviews here. I had the beef rouladen which was very good but a little cold.  On the side I had cabbage (which was excellent!) and dumplings (which were just ok). I also had the Hofbrau to drink which wasn't bad although I wouldn't get it again. I have a suspicion that perhaps when they weren't so busy the food might have been a tiny bit improved to take it from just good to excellent.  I'd be willing to give Willow Tree another shot (especially to try another one of the draft beer selections), but I think that perhaps it doesn't live up to the expectations on yelp.
Great food, spot on service, awesome entertainment, good beer (and lots of it), and a great crowd.  How can you not have a good time when the entire restaurant is holding up their beers and shouting "Zicke, zacke, zicke, zacke, hoi, hoi, hoi!"   Get a 3 litre boot and pass that ish around with your family and friends.  Just make sure to designate a DD. Two words to the wise and one recommendation - If it's on a weekend, make a reservation.  Request to not sit right by the band as you will not hear a word that comes out of anyone's mouth.  And try the blackberry tea with a shot of honey schnapps for desert.
So, caveat, I'm not a huge fan of German food, so this won't be so much about the food. If you like German food, you'll like the Willow Tree. They have great German food, tons of German beers (das boot!),and it's very entertaining on weekends. The entertainment (polka-esque music) was fun, and the crowd gets involved in the celebrating. I will say that I went during one of the World Cup games a couple summers ago (Germany vs. Australia) and had a blast. The the tables were set in long rows and we were crowded in with a bunch of other people. Thankfully it was a party of 2. Boots were being passed around the whole establishment and the beer was flowing. It was great fun. So, if you're in the Orlando area and up for German food, make yourself a reservation and head up here! If you're not as much a fan of German food, go with someone who is and enjoy the unique atmosphere. It's kind of one of those must-try places for Central Florida.
I love weiners yes I do, I love weiners how bout you?? No seriously their German sausages are yum yum yum. And the spaetzle, holy heist my heart. The real fun is coming here on a weekend for the show (make a reservation or you'll be standing outside for it). The show is incredible, they get the audience to participate and everyone ends up singing, they play crazy instruments like a turkey baster - and quite well I might add. You gotta get a boot....Das Boot that is... not like, girly high heeled things. I can't say enough about this place except I wish it wasn't in Sanford but this is that one exception that if you live in downtown, take the trip, it's worth it.
