We were in the neighborhood and starving.... All the reviews were good.... We had to stop to see how right the yelps group was.... The smallest sandwhich is 8 inches - wished it was smaller so I can equally enjoy my cheesesteak and fries.... Well..... I was not disappointed! I actually found room for my whole sandwhich and the fries! They did it all up right! The cheesesteak was flavorful, tender and it included onions, peppers and mushrooms! The fries were crispy and not too greasy! PERFECTION! Most of the staff was very friendly (one guy, the order taker) wasn't the happiest... Great, great place!!!!
They're always closed! At some point they must have drastically reduced their hours. The last 3 times I've gone there for dinner, they were closed. The food is actually pretty good. I love their cheese steak, it's incredible. Unfortunately, they're not open during regular dinner hours.  Twice, during the week, I stopped in on the way home from work to pick up dinner, but it was a few minutes after 7pm and the place looked abandoned. Seriously, they weren't cleaning up and closing down...they were gone, lights out, no one in sight. Then today, a Sunday afternoon, we stopped by just after 5pm and again they're closed. Wth? The posted hours say open until 6pm. Even that's ridiculously early and they didn't stay that long!! Now that I think of it...I haven't seen the place open in weeks, maybe months. It doesn't make sense to close your restaurant in the middle of average dining hours. Maybe they're closed?
The best cheese steak sandwich in all of Central Florida! Served piping hot, and absolutely delish!!! I love this place and have eaten here many times. It's always, fast, hot and delicious! Try it you wont' be disappointed!
Amazing cheesesteaks, curly fries, and deli subs. Everything is cooked or sliced fresh. New York attitude with NY portions. Very fairly priced as well.
Good sandwiches in the past but the last time, the female behind the counter reminded me twice (between 620pm and 630pm) that they would close at 7pm. Hmmm I guess she was a bit anxious to close that day. It was annoying enough that my friends and I opted to go somewhere else. Most small businesses don't discourage customers from ordering 40min prior to closing, especially when it's not a sit down restaurant.
I discovered La Spadas in Fort Lauderdale when I was 16. These are the best subs in the world. I know you think your shop makes the bet subs. It doesn't. You've lost. The Orlando locations do legit Phillies wiz wit.
Love the cheesesteaks!!!   Seems to be straight from Philly, and the regular subs are giant!
I love it, I love it, I love it, I LOVE IT! hark.com/clips/pdxrgzgpc… All the same awesome food as LaSpada's on Lee Rd. BUT, not as hot or messy inside. Yay! And it's closer to me! Double yay! Lakesha J. mos def is whispering words of wisdom-these cheese steaks are HOT, okay? Your mouth/face/hands will get burnt the fuck up if you are not patient. Worry not, grasshopper, your patience will be rewarded with supreme deliciosity.
Great cheesesteak sandwiches here! Fast service. Very small restaurant for dining in. Although I was there on a Saturday and had no trouble finding a spot to sit, I have heard from coworkers that the line can be out the during during the weekday lunch rush. I liked the family owned and operated aspect - at least that was the vibe I got. The sandwich itself had tons of piping hot steak, peppers, onions and cheese. The steak was nice and moist, not dried out. The flavor was excellent - just as good as any cheesesteak I had previously eaten when living in the northeast.
CHEESESTEAKS!!!! I've been looking for a place with delicious, fulfilling, mouth watering cheesesteaks and I finally found it. My taste buds call Laspada's name on a daily basis. If you haven't noticed I take my Philly's pretty seriously and this place gets the job done. Their fried mushrooms are on point too. The wait time can be long at certain times, but what do you expect? They're addicting!
If you want the best cheesesteak in Central Florida, LaSpada's is the place to go. I always get the large cheesesteak. It is always perfect. I hate when restaurants put huge amounts of onions or peppers to save money. LaSpada's doesn't do that. You will get plenty of steak. I love the amount of seasoning. If you do not have time to sit down & savor this, then wait until you do have the time. You do risk getting burned. Also, they are busy most of time so it is not "fast food". But it is worth it. I have had the large Turkey & Cheese hoagie. It was so good. It took me about 3 days to eat it. Amazingly, it remained fresh. The employees at LaSpada's are very kind & helpful. They know me by name. I like that because I do not want to give up my money to someone who's annoyed by my presence.
Amazing service. Quick easy good prices too!! I got the chicken cheese steak supreme and my bf got the turkey Ham and cheese special. We love it! Really great stuff going on in here. The people are great and know their subs!!
Best cheese steak in the area...Don't mess around...Don't compare LaSpada's to the sometimes tasty (enough) place in the mall.  Just come here, get the best cheese steak in Seminole County, in Florida and certainly the best cheese steak of the surrounding Southern states and you will live happily ever after. Like every restaurant, they might have fast and slow days but LaSpada's has the cheese steak down and you will never leave disappointed unless there is an extenuating circumstance. PS, If you get the large sandwich, you will have enough for 2 satisfying meals.
I recently had a discussion with my brother-in-law regarding the lack of a really great cheese steak restaurant in the Central Florida area.  When I made this statement, I immediately received an odd look, and the simple statement, "you've obviously never been to LaSpada's." I immediately bookmarked LaSpada's.  However, I kept hearing the legends that going for lunch at the Winter Park location was a nightmare.  On my way back from a hearing in Sanford, I noticed that there appeared to be a LaSpada's location off 46.  I immediately turned in. I was greeted by a very friendly cashier, who helped me decide what to get: the 10" cheese steak.  While my sub was being prepared, I was asked whether I wanted additional items, like sweet and hot peppers.  I appreciated this, and did end up going with peppers. First off, a warning.  When you get your sub, give it a couple minutes.  This sandwich is HOT.  When I received mine, I was so excited that I immediately dug in, and ended up burning the top of my mouth. My impatience aside, I can truly say this is the best cheese steak in Central Florida, period.  A ton of meat.  The perfect amount of cheese.  All placed atop a fresh, soft roll.  The perfect amount of seasoning, with a good amount of onion.  The suggestion for hot and sweet peppers is also very recommended. Let's just say that I will be planning my Seminole County hearings around late lunches at LaSpada's from now on.
We LOVE LaSpada. We travel about 1 hr to get there and it is well worth the drive. The Italian special is always my choice and my husband loves their cheesesteaks. I always thank them for being there. I don't know of any sub shop in FL you can go to and get oil and vinegar and your bread not get instantly soggy. That DOES not happen at LaSpada. I love the oregano. Their food is awesome. The Herrs chips are awesome.  Just like we had up North minus the snow. We love it. Thank you LaSpada for being there.
Closest thing to home here in Florida!!! (Originally from Broomall, PA) I've been WAITING for them to open near me, and now my wish has come true!  I can finally get a cheesesteak that's not steak-ums on a hotdog roll - yuk! LaSpadas has great, fresh rolls (be sure to ask for the Amarosa roll), and good quality meat for the steaks.  You can top em with Whiz if you want too (but that's not my scene...). As an added bonus - Herr's chips and Tastykakes!!!  Now if I can get them to get some Birch Beer on tap, we'll be all set! Enjoy - you won't be sorry!
LaSpada's is simply amazing. I was so happy when this location opened in Sanford and is only a few minutes away. Whether you want a cold sub or a nice hot cheese steak they always deliver. First of all if you order a large sub, be prepared as you will be greeted with a mountain of meat. As other reviewers have mentioned not only is meat key, but the bread that LaSpada's using is perfect. A great roll truly makes or breaks a sandwich. The meat and cheeses used are fresh and plentiful. Love LaSpada's!
Very friendly and helpful staff, fast service, great value. I got the mushroom philly cheese steak and it was tasty. Check it out!
Great cheese steak awsome job on takeout orders  I order by takeout to ready at at a set time when I arrived the 5 cheese steaks were ready and each one made the way it was ordered  awsome job guys
Bad for you but tastes amazing! Seriously the juiciest Philly cheesesteak in the area and tucked away in an unsuspecting shopping plaza, so it's easy to miss.
I've been here twice now, and both times I've enjoyed delicious sandwiches and fries, as well as friendly service.  I only wish they offered Coke or Pepsi products, rather than the generic fountain soda options that aren't very tasty.  Otherwise, the food is great and I will definitely be returning frequently!
This was my first time at this location. I know, I know!! I drive past it at least 2x a day but never stopped, even with all the rave reviews. I ordered the 8" cheesesteak special with sweet tater fries and a grape soda. The food is delicious, service is fast and friendly. What more is there to say? Other than, I'm uber exited to see that they also deliver. I don't know why in the heck it took me so long to experience La Spada's, but I can promise that it won't take me as long before I go back! Yum.
Awesome! I grew up outside of Philadelphia ans these cheesesteaks are the real thing.  The price is reasonable too. Two of us had steaks, fries and drinks for around $20. If you've tried the typical Florida excuses for cheesesteaks, I highly advise you to try LaSpadas.
AUTHENTIC!  We moved from Jersey 3 years ago and typically traveled to Philly monthly for a true american treat.  Once we landed in Central Florida, I thought that delicacy was lost...until we discovered LaSpada's! The location in Sanford or the DeLand/Orange City location are equally appetizing!  The crew is friendly and they all know their sandwiches.  Make this a DO NOT MISS when in Central Florida.
We enjoyed Philly Subs made to Order just like being in Parkside PA. Both the beef & chicken Philly was great & delicious. If you did not realize it was there beside Tuffy Auto Service you would miss it. Great little none chain establishment.
The Chicken Cheesesteak is out of this world.
This place is all hype. I have had the cheesecake twice from here and its just average in my opinion. I order a cold cut sub to go and when i got home and opened it there was nothing on it that i asked for. Maybe it was because the owners girlfriend was too busy telling everybody in the store about how much she hates him, instead of concentrating on what she was doing. I won't be back. I don't know what all the hype is about these cheesesteaks.
Great Cheese steak. First the portions are huge and I could finish my sub. I warn you that the food comes out hot and the roof of my mouth got scalded, but it was so good I couldn't stop eating.
To sum up LaSpada's in one word: Hype. The way people go on about this place, I thought I was going to be handed down a cheesesteak sandwich from the gods. Let me be clear, it is OKAY. I've had worse, but I've definitely had better. I mean, I'm not from Philly, but if it is typical to put American cheese on cheesesteak sandwiches there, no thank you. In fact, this is the first establishment I've been to where provolone cheese is not the default cheese. In fairness, I've eaten a second sandwich from LaSpada's, only because of the close proximity to my job, asked for provolone, and it was decent. I guess I just don't know what the big deal is. I've had better sandwiches at the mall. Not to mention, you're not going to be killed with kindness either. The first time I went (been twice), I wanted a different size drink because the one they were handing me was fit for my two year old daughter. I didn't think about the mechanics of how to return the cup...BECAUSE IT'S A STYROFOAM FRICKIN CUP! I was snapped at for putting my thumb in the cup. Ugh. I could do without them. As a matter of fact, I preferred the Quizno's that previously occupied the space. Unfortunately, my employer orders from them frequently. The food is ALWAYS cold even though it takes a total of five minutes to get from place to place. Que sera. Just DON'T put your thumb in the cup, for cryin' out loud!
Just was there- 2 days ago. Skip this- Save the gas and "MIss and skip it"  if you want a traditional Hero or if you come from NY as do I,  or  "Hoagie" if your from Phili.or. Chicago also has Lil' Italy.  We pronounce it "lil' Itly"... Jersey just don't count. First, where is the Chez Whiz of the 1960's on up to today? The crap of Peppers and Provo Cheese is just proof of "lil" Italy just up from Canal street (now, pretty much relocated to the Bronx) in NY- Not Jersey, and certainly not Lake Mary, influence. I thought this place had a nasty "Hero" as far as the basic cheese steak- the bun was hardly cooked on the flat top, . I could go on but why? "Skip and Miss" this place for sure. 3 Years in Jersey dont make a Lil Italy, nor does calling it a cheese steak make it more then a Steak Um. I gave it two stars because the staff was nice. 1 Extra star  for pity. If you are in Phil.i or needs a hint up= for a true phili Cheez steak sandwich--- hint- Its served through a Window. And its cool street food!
When it first opened, one of the owners was working there and the sandwiches were on point. The last couple times there has been a new cook each time and there was no love and no flavor put into the sandwiches. Even the fries were off. If I didn't know what LaSpada's was capable of I would have rated them lower. I hope they get it together because I wont return for a meal like last nights.
Best cheesesteaks around.  Good quality meat, caramelized onions and sharp provolone.
Cheesesteak beef was a little off to me. Chicken cheesesteak was better, in my opinion. Fries aren't good- could make them at home. Stick w/ chips.
Wowwwwie! Great cheese steaks! Fast and efficient with fast food type service and seating.  The sweet potato fries are the bomb!
Amazing Italian lunchmeat subs! I can't wait to go back and try a cheesesteak. Herr's brand chips are awesome too.
My dad had been hearing about this place on the radio for a while and begging us to go, so we stopped in for take-out one night.  My parents both tried the cheesesteaks and said they were good, though I don't think they felt it lived up to the expectations based on hype.  I went with the meatball parmesan hoagie.  The twelve inch had five large meatballs on it, which was more than enough for me as I also ordered a side of the seasoned curly fries.  The fries were fine, though the seasoning was quite light.  The sub had quality bread, but there was almost no sauce at all, which was surprising since I usually associate meatball subs with a saucey mess.  The meatballs had an interesting flavor, seemed like they were pretty much just meat and seasonings (maybe the same seasoning on the fries, albeit heavier?) so it felt like it was going straight to my arteries.  They were a bit salty, too, I thought.  We also ordered an Italian hoagie to try and it was pretty excellent - they use a spicy pepper ham that's really interesting!  I think that will be my go-to order here in the future.  They don't do that horrible mayo & mustard on an Italian thing that's so prevalent in Florida (unless you ask for it, in which case they'll comply, you weirdo).  And they sell Birch Beer for only $2, which any Pennsylvanian will appreciate.  Tiny little hole in the wall that would be easy to miss, so they clearly have a loyal following.  Nice staff as well.  They seemed pretty unpretentious about their "hoagies," which is refreshing, because I find it annoying when the people at Wawa correct my terminology and try to convince me their gas station subs are something special.
Great Cheesesteak and their LaSpada special sub was amazing. What a great sub place. Highly recommend it to any one.  The carry Birch Beer, my favorite drink with a cheesesteak.
Great cheesesteak.  The bread is flaky on the outside, soft and hot on the inside.  The meat was very good.  I would say this is the best cheesesteak I have had outside Philadelphia.  Thanks to the other reviewers for making me want to go here.  The staff was friendly and funny both my wife and I laughed several times.  We will definitely be back.
Unbelievably GOOD.  It just not get any better than this outside of Philly.    They have the bread and steak flown in from Philly every day.  That is how it is suppose to be done.  If you have not been you need to go get in the car RIGHT NOW and GO GO GO. I only wish there was more seating at lunch time.  It is always standing room only so get their early around 11:30.  Their place in Orange City has more seating outside.
I love their Italian sub. It's huge and delicious! The Herr's chips are fabulous as well.
Food is good but they forget something EVERY TIME. I wanted cheese on my sandwich and they forgot it...and wouldnt bring me any. Terrible service. The lady that always answers the phone is always rushing you off the phone. Very rude. The delivery guy is awesome though, very nice guy.
We have eaten at LaSpada's 4 or 5 times since finding out about it in Feb. Being originally from the Boston area, I am very leery of anything calling themselves a sub shop. I tried them based on recommendations of a few people, and I am glad that I did. The number one ket component in a good sub is the bread - they use a good quality roll, not quite as crusty as I would like, but the body and chewiness is there. The cheese steak is vey well done - with either provolone (my preference) or the Philly style with Cheese Wiz - I know of no other place that offers that. They must ship the pastrami in, because you can't buy it anywhere in the area like theirs in a grocery store. What impresses me the most is the fact that the sandwiches are made to order from the ground up. When you order something here, don't expect it fast. For example, when you order a cold cut sub, they cut the meat for that sandwich, which is perfect - no proportioned, precut meat that can dry out if not used within a few hours. Again, I have not seen that anywhere in the area. Speaking of cold cut subs, when you order the LaSpada's Famous, be prepared - there must be at least 2 pounds of meat alone in the 12 inch version.,  featuring Proscuitto, Sopressata, Pepper Ham, Capiccola and Provolone Cheese. It's hard to close when you get the other stuff on it. My son in law orders an 8 inch sub, and asks them to put it in a 10 inch roll, and there's enough there for 2. They are not the cheapest around - but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for. There's no 5 dollar foot long here, but I will say that if you were to buy what they are serving up at a Subway, you' pay probably $15.00 for it, maybe more, and you would get proportioned lower quality meat. Their 12"  Famous is $10.50, and could feed 2. I haven't tried everything in their salad selections, but their Greek Salad is also excellent.  There are also burgers and hot dogs and wraps available, but when you have a sub like that, I don't need to go further on the menu. I have seen their deli sandwiches, and they are exactly like what you would expect from a place like this - stacked high with several choices of quality bread. They do have daily specials, as well - and they have an excellent selection of PA's Herr's potato chips available in a large variety of flavors - Herr's is a top quality item, at least as good as Zapp's. There is also a kid's menus available. They are located on 46 in Sanford, across from BJ"S in a building that also houses a Tuffy. There used to be a Quizno's in that spot, but unlike Quizno's, I don't see these guys going out of business. This is not their first store - they've been in business in other locations for years, and I can see why - definitely the best.
