Very cool.  Great date night and they had really good live music. We will definitely be going back. Great selection of draft beers!  Lastly, the servers were sooo nice and friendly!
The best place arouns the tri city area for a wide variety of craft beers (60 plus) beers on tap. Fantastic, fresh food...great service...great weekly specials, pool table, darts, jukebox, beautiful outside seating area...and a cigar selection for those who are into that kind of thing. The only place around town for a fun bar atmosphere without the trashy bar crowd.
I love how this place is so cool and casual. I love how they recently expanded their menu and have a huge selection of drinks to choose from. I recommend their fruit cocktail beer blends and sweet wines. To me, the atmosphere is kind of a mix between a cozy log cabin, a bar, and a lounge. It's a nice place to go to when you need to get away and relax with a drink :-)
Went here on a Friday night, live music was good, beer was awesome. Wife and I had a blast, will definitely be back!
Intimate atmosphere with an impressive, albeit slightly overpriced, selection of draft beer and wine. Servers are welcoming and friendly and the flatbread pizza is awesome.
Definitely the place to be if your a craft beer guy (or girl). No question, will be back here!
We went here while visiting my husband's grandmother. The beer selection was great but the food was absolutely horrible. If you are looking to eat, go elsewhere first. We all left the food on our plates - I was 5 months pregnant at the time, so that should say something. If you are just looking for a great beer selection, then this place is great.
Great addition to Orange City. HUGE selection of beer and adequate wine selection. The owners were on-site and very knowledgeable of the beers offered. Nice decor with plenty of seating. Surprised how tastefully done inside! You can order food for delivery from places in the same retail center. The only negative is that none are open as late as the Draft House. Live music on Fridays and noticed they have karaoke and trivia on other nights. Hope they can draw the crowds to make it a success! Located in the same center as LA Fitness next to Target. Give it a try; we'll definitely be regulars!
Loved the selection of beers! It's great they let you sample before you order.  Great atmosphere! I'll def return to try more different types of beer!!
I'm sort of surprised a place like this ended up in Orange City, but it was much needed. The inside is very clean, dark, and welcoming! The staff is very friendly. The drafts on tap are always changing so don't be surprised if the beer you had your eye on isn't available. They have some food available now, small bites, chips/salsa, flatbreads, ect. Nice touch if you get hungry. The deals are great in my opinion and they have karaoke, trivia, and other themed nights. I hope this place hangs around for a while! It seems to be empty during the day but fills up at night.
The beer selection IS good here! The staff IS fun and attentive. They serve POPCORN!!!  (we have deduced it's to make you thirsty so you keep drinking...it works haha!)  THe space is HUGE!  I personally think they could rearrange some of the tables or add booths or something to make it not feel so...empty. I do love the little fireplace and club chair area. Would be great for a date or just chatting with a friend one on one. THe outdoor area is ok.  It's a little sparce as well but they have cornhole so that's fun. I'm glad OC finally got a bar that's not all redneck, biker, or trashy...oh and you can't smoke inside!!!! THANK GOD!!!!  THe decor is really nice and they have done a really nice job with it, I hope it continues to stay that way.   On Thursdays it's customer appreciation and I think you get 10-20% off. I can't remember what the exact savings is.
I had recently left a great review for this establishment.  The owner unfortunately is a petty man without regard for his customers. I wish him well in the future but cannot condone his treatment of customers.
Ambience is great! They have connect four! Who does that?!  This is something you would expect from downtown Orlando or winter park. This is definitely a diamond in the rough.
Very upscale and classy but yet still a casual feel. More draft beer than you can shake a stick at but somewhat expensive. Wise to ask what specials they have currently to save a few dollars. Other than that its a great starter place to meet up with some friends or a date or just relax and have a few great beers. Would give it 5 stars if they served pitchers and weren't so pricey.
Excellent atmosphere. Friendly staff, and a ton of craft beers on tap. I would have given it 5 stars but the beers are a but pricey. My IPA was $6. Oh well. Worth it:)
We were visiting from Connecticut to visit my dad who lives in OC. My boyfriend and I have been to our fair share of pubs and breweries here in the northeast and we were so happy we found this place in my dads town! Over 60 beers on tap and the waitress's especially Roxanne were super nice and friendly! Had a guy playing music the night we went too and he was awesome. When were back in town we will come visit again!
