Separated from Lelo's BBQ by one storefront, Lelo's Fish & Subs is excellent in its own right. We had the volcano mofongo with shrimp and ajillo sauce, a media noche, and an order of trifongo with dipping sauce.  Everything was delicious and in large portions. The children had the kids' menu fried shrimp with fries and the fried fish with fries.  Each was easily enough for an adult. Everything came out fresh from the kitchen, and the young woman running the register came over frequently to check on us, making sure that our drinks were refilled, we had enough sauce, and that empty baskets were cleared off the table.  I've honestly never had such helpful service in a table-service restaurant, let alone a counter-service restaurant like this one. Prices were quite reasonable, especially considering the large portions and good-quality seafood. The restaurant was simple but very clean and new looking, the music set a good mood, and the cuisine was very tasty and filling.  Try this place!
I've been frequenting this place for over a year and a half, now. So they are certainly doing things right. I always order the #1 --Half chicken with two sides. The sides that I get are the sweet plantain and the yellow rice with peas. Unfortunatey, they only serve the yellow rice and peas on Thursdays and Sundays. All other days, they serve the yellow rice with pork sausage. Not everyone can eat pork, so I am unsure why only they chose two days out of the week. This place reminds me of Martin's Barbeque, a place I used to frequent when I resided in Puerto Rico. They have your usual Puerto Rico menu that may please every palette. Their beef is always tender and flavorful. Here, at Lelo's the chicken is hit and miss; meaning, some days it's drenched in flavor, and some days it's bland. That, plus the fact that they only offer yellow rice with peas two days o the week puts them at a three star... Their stellar customer service and the face that all of them great us customers with a smile, raises them to a four star. Once they fix their chicken issue and rice issue, I will be able to rate five complete stars for this establishment. Overall, I do recommend.
Lelo's is a gem in the Deltona and Orange City area. My partners and I eat there approximately once a week. The chicken is spiced to perfection in a Puerto Rican spice that leaves you begging for more. All the sides are great but I would particularly recommend the plantains, yucca and green bananas.
Every time I drive south , I make a point of stopping at lelos . The mafungo , roast pork, and rotisserie chicken are very tasty. The sweet plantains are a perfect side to any menu offering. The food is quick and hot as well as the counter service is top notch. I highly recommend swinging in if passing Through Orange city.
While driving from Daytona to Orlando, I had to stop and get some food. Lelo's BBQ came up, and figured it was a good choice. I was pleasantly surprised by the excellent food that they had, along with fantastic prices.  For $5.50, I got a quarter rotisserie chicken, along with two sides: yucca and yellow rice.  The chicken was sooooo juicy and tasty! The yucca was delicious, and the rice was very good.  Overall the value was fantastic, and the never ending line of customers validated that.
They have the best monfongo. They also have a sandwich with platanoes as the bread. OMG!!! That's sooooooo good. Seafood monfongo is also good. I want some now. Again.
That was awesome. I found this place on Yelp while at NSB, forgot the exit, and then happened to get off and pull in right in front. That's how you know that Jesus and Thor both really want you to go somewhere. So we got half a chicken, mofongo with pork, and some delicious yellow meat soup. Everything was excellent, and the folks working were just wonderful. It was also very cheap. Definitely try the rotisserie the chicken. What is it about roasted chicken, just a dead bird with no seasonings, that tastes so amazing? Everything looked amazing, everyone was friendly, and I was hungry enough to eat the flesh of a basilisk. The perfect storm of food-intake.
Just a shout out to all you Yelpers who steered me to Lelo's.. MUCHAS GRACIAS!  This is some serious food. I'm from NYC so no stranger to Latin cuisines. This is the best yellow Rice I have ever eaten. I had it with sweet plantains, which were perfectly done - neither over cooked or too sweet- as is often the case. The main part of my meal was the succulent pernile, perfectly cooked pork, so moist, tender and absolutely superb!  This is a real winner. Lucky are those of you who live in the Orlando area. Seth ( the owner, I think) is a Superstar. And a personality to match the food.
They have delicious food, but it sucks when they are out of everything you want!!! Fail!!!
I found this place thanks to yelp and like it enough to take the time to write a review.  It's always great I get the pork with rice and beans and it is always enough to eat twice and its only around $8.00.  Will keep going back.
Really good fast casual food. The chicken was tender and flavorful. The beans were good. They are fast as well which is great for a quick lunch. They are reasonably priced as well.
Good food that was pretty inexpensive.   The place is not fancy but stays busy.  It's in an area where there are a lot of chain restaurants,  but if you like to support mom and pop type places this is a good option.  I had the bacalao which was tasty.
Good and authentic! Makes me crave it because it is so good...but be careful when ordering the tostones...they take forever!  I guess they are made to order! Just wish they would've offered me a soda or something...took longer to wait for tostones than it took for me to drive there, eat and clean up!!! I ordered the pork this time, but I've gotten the chicken in the past...all yummy!!
I am in Deltona visiting family and we decided to try this place out.  The food is fabulous. If you want chicken and pork, eat here, if you want some seafood and sandwiches go to Lelo's fish and subs next door. I had the red snapper with trifongo (plantains, sweet potato, and yuca) balls. My son had the Cubango sandwich, my wife ordered the mofongo, and my son had a pork platter and we all enjoyed it. Best place I have eaten in Orange City by far.
This is one of my favorite stops, I eat here weekly if possible. Have tried the chicken, pork, rice and plantains. All are great this place is consistently good.
Great value for money especially the chicken, pork and king fish - well cooked and tasty. Service might be a bit slow but friendly.
Having met family in this section of Orange City to dine at other locations, kept seeing this Lelo's BBQ, so when we were in the area by ourselves,decided to check it out and so glad we did. It is not a fancy place, one where you place your order, then the food is served up like cafeteria style from per-prepared stations, unless the item ordered takes longer and then you pick up your food & pay at the counter. The restaurant was extremely clean and there is indoor seating and a few outdoor tables, and location is in the row of food places off Saxon Blvd in Orange City. Food is served on plastic sectional plates and of course plastic silverware, which was not an issue for us, but just letting the "fancy restaurant type" people" know.. Being newbies to Puerto Rican food, which we announced to the beautiful very friendly & obvious family member of the restaurant, we were given a quick tutorial of the Island cuisine types of food. We decided to get combo meals of the Half Rotisserie Chicken and the daily special of Beef Stew to share with different sides to round out our dining experience. Our sides consisted of red rice (although the menu says yellow rice?), cooked Yucca with onions (a very first taste for us both), sweet plantains and red beans. The Chicken was very flavorful, moist and delectable, the Beef Stew was awesome, the Yucca amazing and will now be a staple every time we visit Lelo's. But have to say, we both loved the flavor of the rice, BUT IT WAS WAY TOO SALTY for our tastes and will not be getting that side again if that is the norm, but we are not salt people period,. so could be fine for others.. There is a daily special, mostly beef or pork style dishes available, so will have to go on different days each time we go now to sample those selections. The portions sizes were insane, neither of us could finish our plates and the prices extremely affordable for the food served. We selected the Combo Meals with 2 sides and each came with a fountain drink and the price was $7.79 each! Heck, you can almost spend that much at a burger joint for upscale sandwich items, fries and soft drink/milk shake. We will definitely be going back to Lelo's BBQ and did stop in next door, as they also have a Lelo's Fish and Sub restaurant adjacent to Lelo's BBQ. We picked up a menu and man, it looks so affordable; example their deluxe seafood fried platter of Fish, Shrimp and Scallops with fries and coleslaw for only $12.99, so we must try that place sometime as well..
Authentic and amazing. We are addicted to the pork, we get it to go all the time. Rotisserie chicken, plantains, yellow rice, and etc are all great too.
VERY TASTY!  Tried the beef and it was tender and had a great flavor - fell apart with a fork.  Yellow rice was excellent and got beans over the rice....true spanish taste. Also got the roasted pork which was good.  The highlight was the roasted chicken - best around!!  The fried plantains were good too.  The most amazing part was there was 3 of us with lots of food and the bill was only $22 !
WOW! The food is absolutely amazing ~ I too can hardly believe that they have been around for this long and I am just now eating here!! The husband brought our dinner home and even after the 30 minute drive, the food was still hot and fresh as if they were just around the corner. The roasted sliced pork is delicious. It falls apart and has an excellent flavor. The yellow rice is superb and the beans are seasoned nicely. With my dinner, I had the bananas as a side item and although I had never had it anything like before, it was pretty tasty. The husband had the half chicken dinner and yellow rice with the beans. The chicken was slow roasted and very tender. I also had the guava and cheese pastry for dessert and wow.. it was so good it brought back memories from my childhood. All in all, if you are looking for something that will wake up your taste buds, you'll have to try Lelo's.
The food at Lelos is amazing. I have yet to try something I did not like. And it's also a Big Bang for your buck. One combo meal is enough for dinner and lunch the next day for me. My boyfriend on the other hand can't se em to leave any for left overs. They also have different family size meals which are perfect for larger families or groups.
Muy delicioso!!! Get the combo with mofongo, felt like I was back in pr auhtentico home cooking
Lelo's was recommended by a friend and Yelp reviews convinced us to give this place a try even though it's a 35 minute car ride from where we live. Guess what? We will become regular customers from today going forward. The staff was very nice and generous with the portions of authentic spanish food. We had delicious beef stew, pork, yellow rice, yuca, red beans, sweet plantains, plain Mofongo and a guava with cheese dessert. The price for all we ate was very reasonable and we ended up taking food home. Oh, and this included two soft drinks with free refills. My only surprise was that coffee is not available here. However, thanks to Yelp, I found a Dunkin Donuts a short walk away on the very next strip on the same side of the street as Lelo's. Enjoy!
I enjoyed my meal here.  There was a small variety of entrees to choose from and the food was all very tasty.  The atmosphere was lively.  I enjoyed a veggie plate with rice  & beans, green bananas with peppers and onions, and fresh broccoli.  The hubs enjoyed rotisserie chicken.  I only have one complaint...some of the food was not quite hot. It was lukewarm.  I was not happy about that at all.
We were surprised to discover a Puerto Rican restaurant in Orange City, FL.  It's a quick serve restaurant where you order at the counter with indoor seating and one outdoor table.  The food smelled delicious when we arrived, and there was a steady line, which moved fairly quickly.  However, they were backordered on cooking a few items - chicken, plantains and tostones so we had to wait for some of our meal side dishes to be cooked, which delayed the meal.  The yellow and white rice portions are huge.  The beans, sweet plantains and tostones were good.  My friends all liked the yellow rice but thought the chicken was okay but not great.  The prices are very reasonable.  The only thing that really bothered me is that I did not see any of the workers wearing gloves.  Still it's nice to have a different type of cuisine nearby.
Great food served in huge portions. All of the merits for this place are on the food which is fresh and delicious. If your looking for romantic ambiance this cafeteria style dining room is not the place. Wants to stuff your pie hole to the point that you pop a button on your pants? Look no further.
The BEST!! mofongo you can sink your teeth into.  This awesome place has it together...clean and friendly.  Whatever it is you crave from cuajito, guineitos en escabeche, ensalada de mariscos, pernil, bisteck, yuca, pasteles de masa, arroz, habichuelas, sancocho or their famous rotisserie chicken.  You can't go wrong here and the prices are very reasonable.  Check it out!!!!
I can hardly believe they've been here for years, and I never heard of them. Anyway, P was highly impressed with their offerings. The place is quite popular, and it's easy to see why.  The mofongo (yuca and plantain mix) is very filling and tasty,but pretty starchy, as you would expect. The staff is super friendly and helpful, too. When in Deltona, go to Lelo's.
Awesome awesome awesome food. Atmosphere is very bland if you decide to eat in. Very clean though! Bathrooms are very clean as well! 5$ gets you quarter chicken and 2 sides and a drink! The yellow rice is awesome and so is the pork. The fried bananas are the best around. I usually carry out. But is the best fast Spanish'/island homemade style food around for the price. I still give it 5 stars! Perfect!
On the road to Tampa, we found this restaurant. Good stuff, friendly staff. We recommend yellow rice, plantain and quesitos (they were so fresh!) See picture.
The real deal Latino food.  Killer chicken soup.  Nice and clean and they feed you plenty.   Red snapper is awesome as is the mofongo.  I've been 3 times in one week and will be going back.
This is my first 5 star review & this place is so totally worth it. What you can get in this place for $8 is crazy. You could feed 2 people with one diner meal. I haven't tried everything yet but the beef is always moist. The chicken falls off the bone & at a great price. The rice & beans I could be 500 lbs if I eat there as much as I would like to. Then they have this seafood side dish. Wow that is great healthy snack on a hot summer day. I just love this place!!
Holy amazeballs this place is great. I can't speak to the authenticity, but we were the only white people in the place. The food is fantastic. Great portion sizes, two people could easily split an entrée. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was fun. Very busy. Definitely get the mofongo with chicken. It was delicious!
ONE WORD - MOFONGO!!!!! MOFONGO!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mofongo earns it a 5 star, but I ordered with shrimp which is in a red sauce with no offerings of al mojo and that was eh, ok.  But their rice, beans, pulpo, MOFONGO MOFONGO MOFONGO!!! GOTTA LOVE THEIR MOFONGO!! Place is small and packs so be patient!
The best Puerto Rican food in the Deltona/Orange City area.
Lelo's is absolutely delicious. Straight up authentic Puerto Rican food. My favorite is the quarter chicken combo with sweet plantains and yellow rice. Outstanding flavors. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because they don't give enough plantains! They're so good!
The best local Spanish cuisine I have found. Have not been disappointed in any of my numerous visits. The staff is very friendly attentive to each customer! They will answer any questions you may have. The place is immaculate. Clean, orderly, not elegant but very family friendly. All the staff is bi-lingual and professional.
What can I say about this place when it comes to their Puerto Rican food? Simply delicious!!!! Their food is so great, I don't even know where to start! Ok, first of all I dont want to confuse regular BBQ fans but this place is really not a BBQ restaurant. But with that said, you need to visit them anyway and try their food. Once you do, you will know why I wrote this review. This is delicious Puerto Rican food at its best! First of all the staff is very friendly. Their food is super fresh. I have had their arroz con gandules, chicken, meat dishes, yuca, sweet fried plantains, and fried pork chunks. The pork chunks are the best! Do you want a fresh mofongo? Go ahead and order it and they will make it fresh! For those of you who don't know what mofongo is, its fried plaintains that are mashed in a mortar and pestle with garlic, pork fat, and latin seasonings and served in a mound.....OMG, its fresh and delicious! The place gets packed with a melting pot of people from all nationalities. Their prices are extremely reasonable as well as their portions! If you go to their website you can even print a $1.00 off coupon when you purchase one of their combos. I am surprised that other Yelpers have not been to this place or written a review on Lelo's!! Listen, if you want some great Puerto Rican food at a great price, visit Lelo's but don't blame me if you are there everyday after your first visit! Lelo's, get ready, your restaurant is going to get more packed since this is the first review for your restaurant on Yelp.
Being married to a PR wife and being from NY.   This is great food and very reasonably priced. Family style also for our large family.
