If you enjoy beer, you must check out Busters!  The bartenders are very educated in helping you find something you are guaranteed to enjoy.  Neat open atmosphere too!  Plus, they are always hosting cool events!
Do not get me wrong, I love Sanford.  But there's so many damn dive bars here that it's funny.  To find a high end, Belgian centric beer bar here is like a dream come true.  It makes you forget about all those dive bars.  If you don't make the drive here to experience this, it's because you don't like beer.  Who else has a beer bar with exclusive Belgian beers and a staff that knows what they are selling?  Answer, no one, except here.  More to come as they continue opening.
Best place for beer lovers in northern Orlando.
This is a great place to get some great european draft and bottled beers. The owners, Christine and Paul were very nice and it was a nice atmosphere. The place is very clean and I will definately be back.
This place is a fabulous addition to Sanford's growing list of restaurants and bars. The decor is really cool with a completely open architecture. Meaning it contains no windows or doors. They offer a fine selection of European draft and bottled beers as well as some European style food items. The service was excellent and the food was good as well. I also learned a small bit about my Dutch heritage as this is a Belgian owned location.  I could definitely see myself hanging out here with a bunch of friends, eating, drinking and chit chatting. It's nice to find a place that you can actually hear each other and have a conversation. We will definitely be back. Percy was awesome and his cute glasses were a bonus. There was also this cool thing where when I checked in there on my yelp a timer started  to count down and I could get a free draft for giving a good review, which they honored right away.
Horrible, horrible service! Went there last night and the waitress was unable to get anything right. We were a three top, and one of my friends never received her dinner. My other friend never received her beer. When the waitress brought us the check, all three checks were wrong. I noticed that the table next to us, received the wrong check too. I, unfortunately will never be back....which is sad because I have been a server and bartender for years! By no means was there any reason for bad service....there was a total of 4 tables sat...and when we were looking for the waitress to inform her that we were still waiting on beef stew and beer, she was busy talking on her cell phone!!!!! Totally turned us off, and we will be sure to let our friends know of the lack of professionalism....what a waste of money!
Absolutely the best Sanford find lately! Incredible selection of delicious beer, beautiful bar that has been completely re-done by the authentic Belgian owners and the nicest bar tenders in town. A must see.
Very pretty place on Sanford Ave and a great addition. With a million and one places selling craft beer this one fits in. It primarily is selling good, thicky, lusty belgian beers but does have others. You can also have some eats. meatballs, beef stew, sandwiches, and cheese/meat platters. Give it a try!
There are very few bars that I have ever been lucky enough to visit that give me an experience like I have every. single. time. I go to Buster's.  Worth noting in advance: this is a Belgian-only craft beer bar.  You will not be drinking Bud Light here.  Thank goodness. Let me lay the scene: this is an old mechanic's garage that's been hollowed out, filled with a gorgeous bar, and given life.  You'll walk in to gently glowing wood, polished glassware, and a tap lineup that will make you sing.  Out back is a large patio with festive lights.  This bar feels very intimate, and the decor and ambience were clearly chosen carefully.  This is a bar you lose track of time in.  It's glorious. Harry, the owner/barkeep, is a wealth of beer knowledge for someone so young.  I believe he's 25, but will drop knowledge on you like a brewmaster that's been at it for 40 years.  I appreciate the level of nerd Harry brings to understanding his offerings, their taste profiles, and what food to pair them with.  He asked my companion, "What do you usually drink?" And when my friend said he wasn't a beer drinker and preferred whisky and scotch, Harry's face crinkled up in a smile, and he shortly brought back a handle of Kwak, which my friend thoroughly enjoyed.   If you think your lady friend might shy away from these stronger beers, have no fear.  Buster's has a ready supply of Framboise and Peche Lambics for our more tame-palated brethren.  Ain't no shame in that game. One of the most charming parts of Sanford is how much love is shared between the bars and other businesses on this little stretch of downtown.  This is a must-experience part of your Sanford experience.
I'm in the service industry so it is very hard for me to actually give any establishment a 5 stAr. Beer selection was ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! Yes we have lots of craft beer places around here but given the distributors we are limited to American craft and random European fare... This place has Belgian on lock... Especially sours which makes me oh so very happy. Service was better than I've experienced in a LONG time!! Friendly, courteous, accommodating and informative??? 10++++ I'm always in Sanford and had never heard of this place...now an absolute must! Do yourself a favor and stop by this place!!!
Good sports atmosphere and WONDERFUL food! Come early and keep in contact with them through Facebook, as they will run out of the food selections quickly. Once they run out, they're done for that night - but stay for the sports and beer!
Such a great selection and a place to find new beers to sample. Always something going on too. Great different place to hang.
The beers are the best Belgians you can imagine or desire. Inside is a nice, large bar with plenty of tables. Outside there are several picnic tables with umbrellas. Very nice outside area, pet friendly. The service was OK, my friend asked for a beer menu and the bartender served him the same beer instead. They had a party earlier in the day so they were not serving food. I think it's weird because their food offering is cheese and ham plates. This was a disappointment. Also at least 3 of the kegs blew, of course it had to be the quads and tripels (the beers I ordered). Make sure you check their Facebook that there are no parties in the daytime. In sum, it's worth the drive from Orlando. We will return.
I've been out of state for 5 years and just moved back to find this awesome addition to Sanford.  The street has a number of cool new bars but I have to say as a lover of great beers and places with a fun festive vibe- Busters was fantastic! I love the focus on Belgian drafts.  My husband and I were able to sample and order such a variety...I felt like I was at a tasting and then as we were talking to the bar tender he brought up a non profit pairing dinner they were having the next day and asked if we'd like to join - we've only been back one day so we thought sure.  It's a five course menu and we can't wait to try everything! Red Monk (belgian quad with frambois) was my favorite drink of the night- a little fruit but refreshing.   This may be our new hang out.
There is not a better Belgian beer bar in central florida. If you are a beer lover this the spot. Pairing platters for double, triple, quads and more. I Highly recommend. In a newly renovated/renovating area of downtown Sanford. Several bars and restaraunts right next door to check out
Busters has a very knowledgable and friendly staff. They will listen to what you like, make recommendations, and give as many samples out as needed until you find your beer. They have wine and limited but excellent food too. Great bar to go try something specialized.
Came with my husband for beer and snacks. Buster's has an excellent selection of Belgian beer on draft and we were in heaven. We ordered a meat and cheese plate as well as a special that they had. The food was excellent as well. The bistro itself is very cozy and has an outside patio that will be fabulous when the weather is a little cooler. We will definitely be back. Ps. The owners seem nice and dog friendly too.
I married a beer geek.  Beer is not just consumed in my house, it is studied.  Beer is stored at proper temperature, aroma and  appearance are observed and notes are taken.  And Belgians are a favorite of his.  I, on the other hand, still think beer tastes like bum pee.  After a decade of tasting every beer he's drunk I can pick up subtle tasting notes but I still don't want to drink vagrant urine. The name Buster's Bistro sounds like a place where I can buy a hot dog and cheese fries with tickets I won playing skee-ball.     I've never really been a bar kinda girl.  I don't get paying high prices to hang out in a dark dirty place and drink watered down alcohol with strangers.  But Buster's is nice.  The owners clearly put money into the place.  Everything is covered in wood, even the ductwork in the ceiling.   I could hang out here.   The menu is Belgians and Belgian styles.  There are a few wines on the menu.  The beer menu lists brand, style, description and alcohol %.  Talk to the bartender, he'll steer you in the right direction.   Buster's is the kind of place where they want you to feel like to you can hang out and enjoy yourself.  Just keep in mind if you're waiting for them to come back and check on you, you could be waiting a while. I also ordered a tailor made board.  Two cheeses is a lot for one person.  The 5 year gouda was amazing, but if you are a meat eater I would recommend a salty meat to go along with it   I'd really like to see them use social media to keep their fans up to date on what's going on.   The website says "18 delicious taps and an assortment of around  50 bottles" but no mention of what they are.  The beer menu changes frequently.  Someone is taking the time to type up that beer menu, throw that up on facebook!  Pick a beer, take a picture, put it on facbook with the description from the menu.   Downtown Sanford has more than enough bars and people can get "a beer" anywhere, but to get beer connoisseurs to drive out to Sanford you need to whet their appetite.
Very awesome place to drink hard to find beer.  Great environment, perfect place on a Sunny afternoon.  I will be back.
This place has a very friendly staff, awesome beer and it is super dog friendly inside and out. The menu is simple but delicious. One of my favorite places to go in Sanford. Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a coll place to bring your dog and hang out.
Diamond in the rough, this place is.  Hubby and I decided to drive toward First Street via Sanford Ave.  On the left hand side, we see a welcoming open facade.  Buster's Bistro.  Hunh, we hadn't heard about this place.  So, we check it out.  Sweet Jesus, what a find.  Belgian beers and food, all served in a super-casual environment.   If you aren't familiar with Belgian beers, tell your server, and ask for their recommendations.  They'll offer you small tastes so that you don't have to commit to a beer you won't like.   The prices for draught and bottled beer, and food is very reasonable.  On their food menu, they offer sandwiches and stews.  They have boiled peanuts on their appetizer menu, which go perfectly with the beer. I can't wait to go back.
One of the best bars I've ever been too. Place is nice and staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Not to mention funny.
Buster's Bistro is owned by the wonderful Paul and Christine Buster, originally from Belgium.  bustersbistro.com  Not only do they serve Belgian craft beer, but they offer a great selection of superior bar eats.  I ordered a cheese platter that was out of this world.  Definitely check them out if you're in the Sanford area.
Well, what can I say I have a major weakness for Belgian ales. In the interest of full disclosure, my friend is one of the partners that owns the place. That being said, their selection of Belgian ales is truly second to none, that I have ever seen anyway. I did not get to try the food yet, but I will easily come back for the beer. I tried Palm, which was a light crisp golden ale, Kwak, a little bit stronger amber ale and a Kasteel Winter, a wonderful dark ale with hints of coffee and chocolate, probably one of the best beers I have ever taste. All those were on draft and I sprinkled in a couple of Stellas just to round things out and to clear the palet between courses. The service was great too and the atmosphere is very nice with ample seating inside and out.  I would highly recommend stopping in here for a few cold ales with your friends.
This is such a great addition to Sanford Ave. Casual, clean, warm setting. I am by no means a beer connoisseur (more of a wino), but Buster's has introduced me to some tasty beverages. Good service and great presentation!
This is an awesome place to eat and the beer is great. A hidden gem in Sanford.  Just as good as Hollerbach's Willow Tree and not as crowded yet. I highly recommend you give it a try.  I had the Vol-an-vent for my entrée.  The Bistro Board appetizer was awesome.
Great relaxed bar. Wonderful beers to pick from - all Belgian. The outside area is a blast during events and cool weather.  Friendly staff. I am excited about the new bar menu and incredible cheese platters. Great job to Paul and Christine.
Belgium has arrived in Sanford!!!! FANTASTIC!!!!! I spent two weeks in Belgium and this place is the real deal!!!!
My new favorite weekend hang out! Wonderful low key bar to hang out at for hours! Comfy seats, great beers, fantastic cheese, and great service!!! The 2 year and 5 year aged Gouda is as good as everyone talks about, you have to order this to taste the delight-fulness of it. Percy the bartender is awesome, great guy who is very on top of it and runs the bar smoothly! Highly recommended, go now!
Ok, this place deserves 5 stars for interior and execution but I'm giving it 4 based on personal taste.  What does that mean?  Tell ya in a bit. I'm not sure why it's called a bistro because it isn't but that doesn't detract from what has to be fasted shell to complete bar construction I've ever seen in my life.  In five weeks they went from a bare shell to open and running.  It appears they did this by creating a really cool space that combines class without pretension.  It's a minimalist interior that still feels welcoming.  Nice bathrooms too. The bar is very large for the space with a bunch of taps lining the back bar area.  They are beer and wine only so if you want liquor you'll have to pop next door to Fat Rats.  They have a European style glass "chiller" that quickly sprays cold water into your glass before the pour the draft.  I think it helps with over foaming as well but don't quote me on that.  There is a glass for almost every beer they serve here washing them must truly suck.   Service has been excellent and attentive and most importantly informative.  The informative is very, very important because the beer list is Belgian.  This is where the 4 stars instead of 5 comes into play for me.  I love the Belgian beers that I love but some of them I simply cannot stand.  Belgium makes beer like no other country in Europe with a huge range of styles.  However, the hop is not as forward in Belgian beers as in German or in British Ales.  That's fine but after a couple of sweet, malty Belgian dubbels or such I'd like a crisp hop heavy beer to cleanse my palate.  They do have Stella but I like German and Czech pilsners for prolonged drinking if I'm not dabbling in the incomparable American craft beer scene.  Belgian beers are of the highest quality and they probably have something for every taste but I'd like to see them add some selections more to my taste.  Minor gripe I know. Long story short...if you like quality beer served by people who educate you without beer snob attitude then this is your place.  Along with the Imperial it's making downtown Sanford worth the drive if you're willing.  Oh, and I think they're starting to serve food!
