I've been coming here for 13 years. It was the first place I ever tried sushi. The food is delicious and I love how cozy it is there. The unsweet tea was also surprisingly magnificent. I will always love this place.
The rudest Sushi Chef!  My husband and I left there without eating.  He harassed me, and then started yelling at me in front of all the Customers and Staff.  I heard it was a great place for sushi, but if you treat Customers the way he did, I shall find another place.  The Owners need to know.
This is not a place you would bring a first date if you want to impress them with decor or ambiance. The place feels like it needs a good makeover. Do not let this deter you because what this little gem lacks in sophistication it more than makes up when the food hits the table. Servers are fast, efficient, and friendly. The food was served quickly and was fresh and well presented. I had the large chicken teriyaki box which included a California roll, soup, a salad, mixed vegetables and fried rice. My wife had the sushi box which included everything my box had plus 6 pieces of sushi. All of the food was delicious and the Kirins Ichiban was ice cold albeit a bit overpriced IMHO. Pass right by McDonalds on your way in and support this little family business who does a great job from kitchen to servers. You will not be disappointed!
My friend recommended this place to me over and over again and I finally tried it and it was great! The Bento boxes are not only a great value but the food was amazing and I'm always a huge fan of variety. I went with the sashimi and if you dig raw fish you should give it a try too.
I just ate here for my birthday celebration. We had a good amount of family, 20 in all. We did not call ahead which bothered the waitress but we got it all worked out. Once we all were seated they took our orders patiently. Everyone ordered all types of food. They took care of the kids first. In all we had 13 rolls. Everything was fresh and very good. The wait staff did a good job. I would def go back.
Great sushi, good service & great prices!
if Wasabi gets a 4, then this should have received a 5 except i actually live in Pembroke Pines and well, we have a bigger Japanese selection. me and my boyfriend enjoy this place. We use to eat at Wasabi quite often but i always thought it was way too simple. This is a nice small sushi restaurant. I don't think it gets as much exposure as Wasabi because of it's location, however, give it a shot. Though comparing is not needed, i just think Asahi has better rolls that offer a bit more variety. It's been a while but my experiences there have been enjoyable - atmosphere, service, food and all.
A great little simple sushi restaurant. Not a huge selection & one brother is friendly & the other a little rude. But the father is cute & funny little old man. The soup is awesome the ginger dressing is so great & I love the cucumber roll. The crab salad mix is pretty good.  They have changed it a little & seems to be too creamy right now. But my to go orders are always right on & they r priced pretty cheap.
I've only eaten the sushi here and not off the other menu, so I can't speak for that.. but I've been going here for years (except when I lived in Chicago for 3 years)  and it is fantastic. I wasn't sure I'd like it when I came back, but it was great.  The rolls are really affordable and you get a simple but yummy soup and salad when you order sushi.   I just tried the asparagus roll for the first time last week... heaven.
Excellent sushi and sashmi.  Small, simple and not fancy but as good as any I've been to in the US.
We've been eating here a few times a month for several years now.   Every time I go somewhere else, I'm always disappointed that it's not as good as Asahi!.   What this place lacks in trendy decor and location, it more than makes up for in really good sushi! It is family run and a fantastic shop.  If you come in regularly, they get to know you, your preferences, and will go the extra distance to make your orders to your personal taste .  The Ocean's 11 is FANTASTC.
I've gone here a number of times over the years and found them to be consistently average, gusting to tasty. Occasionally they step on themselves, like the time they told me they couldn't make sushi because they were out of rice. i like sashimi too, it just seemed an odd thing for a sushi house to run out of. Kind of like the Pope running out of holy water. I went back this past weekend for the first time in a long time. The soup was tasty, the salad, based on iceberg lettuce, was horrifying. the sushi was mixed: the eel was first class, but the smoked salmon was mealy and unappetizing. the rolls were good, but not very creative or large, and they tended to have too much rice for my taste. it drowned out the subtleties of the raw fish, assuming the raw fish had subtleties. I much prefer the Volcano roll at Amura in Lake Mary to the Volcano roll here. it was all overpriced by 10-15%. all in all, it was unspectacular, but if you're stuck in Orange City with a hankering for sushi, it's worth stopping by. Just check your expectations at the door.
Hands down the most family friendly restaurant in town! the sushi is fresh, inventive, and flavorful. The best I've had!!
In the several years I've been coming here I've never left disappointed. I stick to the same few rolls usually, but only because they're so classic and delicious every time, I nearly crave them! Every roll and menu item I've tried otherwise has been excellent. Such simlpy done rolls but so flavorful. Service is always amazing, waitresses are polite and attentive. Food usually comes very timely other than at the peak busy hours when the place is packed which is of course understandable. I moved to NYC for a couple years and was surprised to never find a sushi place I liked quite as much as Asahi. Prices are reasonable, quality is always fresh. Me and my best friend used to joke that their was secret flavor drugs being pumped into their food because of how often we'd want to eat here. Friends have taken me to Fujiyama a couple times, but sushi was more expensive and frankly cheap and pickly tasting. No competition to Asahi in my opinion, my flavor palette is selective I guess. Love this place!!
