This is definitely the best sandwich shop I've ever eaten at. Fresh soups and salads are always well crafted and delicious. I always get the I-4 Deluxe sandwich on wheat bread (which in my opinion is the best). They have many gluten free options that are just as tasty as the other choices. Everyday they have different sides and sandwiches that they feature, around the holidays they have amazing fall flavors. If you need a perfect lunch spot make sure to visit That Deli. Portions are large enough for me (a small female) to either split or bring half a sandwich home. Check this place out you won't be disappointed!
I came to That Deli! based on a raving recommendation of one of my coworkers saying it was the best thing since sliced bread.  I can't say that I was overly impressed though. The restaurant itself has a nice sit down bar overlooking the kitchen (i like restaurants like this, as you know exactly how clean everything is).  The kitchen area and the prep area in the back was spotless, and i had no concerns with cleanliness up front.  The young lady that took my order was quick with daily specials recommendations when asked, and pleasant to talk with.   I settled on one of the specials, a chicken philly with a a side.  I got the pasta salad with chopped heart of palm in it for my side... delicious!  The philly had a lot left to be desired though.  The bread was soggy from being overstuffed with peppers/onions/mushrooms, and for cheese instead of melting slices of american, it was just cheese wiz sauce from a big can.  The pricing was a bit higher than I was expecting as well.  My bill for the special was almost $11 (no drink included), which is a bit steep for a lunch for me.   Overall, nice place, nice people, but pricing is a bit too high for my liking and the food was not up to the expectations i had.
I have been going here off and on for a few years now and this is by far my favorite sandwich shop in the area. I usually get the beef me up scottie!  I like that everything is made fresh daily and it has a good feel inside the restaurant.  The owner is the cook/sandwich maker and he does a great job usually of interacting w/ customers. I saw someone else put that the staff is kind of "blah" and I agree w/ that.  Great food, great owner, good atmosphere, rest of staff is ehhh... I'll continue to go back, because the food is great! PS.  His sides are well worth the extra couple bucks!
I ordered 3 sandwiches (to go) and all were unique but did not taste good.  I like quality ingredients and these seemed to be of good quality.  Just too expensive at 9.75 a sandwich -  I can go to a different place where they actually taste good. The Beef Me Up Scotty was good but at 9.99 - not great.  Publix would have been better :(.
So glad we found you on Yelp passing through Lake Mary! Looking for a great sandwich and we found That Deli.  Fresh and delicious. The bread is amazing.... BUT the brownie was an extra plus!
Really great soups, sandwiches, and sides. Always busy at lunch, so the most popular items sell out. Love their soups so much. I always ask if it's broth or cream because their cream soups are VERY creamy and might block an artery, but, on heavy gym days I'm ok with that. Ha. Owner is a super nice guy, who loves what he does - he's passionately cranky about making sure it's all right. :) 4 stars for sure. My only little complaint is that I hate the seating. It's either at the bar with stuff coming and going passed you or squished in seats with people constantly walking passed you for soda or bathroom walks.
We stopped in while driving around. Had the Looney Shrooms and The Black Beanie! So worth the drive! Delicious!
100% recommend. Unlike many chain and corporate restaurants whose service and food quality can vary greatly depending on location and time - That Deli! Always meets and exceeds my expectations. There has not been one negative experience in the many times I've visited. The area is always clean, and staff pleasant. The owner is always hands on and knows all of his regulars. That's only part of the reason we come to places like this... What about the food? Absolutely some of the best sandwiches in the central Florida area. What makes them great is when you break down the components. Fresh high quality meats, great cheese, and artisan breads. Add on speciality sauces and fresh produce and you've got the recipe that That Deli! Is known for. Also available are varying soups, which are well crafted and full bodied(I've personally had 5 different ones at the time of this writing). They rotate in and out and offer some good choices for any pallete. When it comes down to it, if your looking for a sandwich, this is hands down the place to go.
A great little gem hidden in plain sight!  I have eaten here three times in the last few weeks and I have never been disappointed. What separates them (for me) is they have a nice selection of vegetarian choices and gluten free.  They don't hide them like they are ashamed of them either. The staff is always friendly and courteous.  Overall it has a really warm, friendly, family owned feeling, delicious menu with lots of quality ingredients, reasonably priced and conveniently located!
Funny logo though.. I thought it said "Thai Deli" for a long time.. decided to check it out. Was pleasantly surprised. The "I-4" sandwich was very good. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is.. no one that works there smiles. Very little customer interaction. C'mon guys (and girls) it's not that bad.. smile. The food is good.. I'll be back.
I have only been here once, but it was good.  I had the tuna sandwich, which tasted fresh and was not loaded with mayo.  I will definitely go back to try other options.
If you don't think this place is good there must be something's wrong with your taste buds.
The food was just okay despite all the great reviews, but then again it is just sandwiches. I got the bird on the bayou and the chicken was so dry. The soup was really good (curry turkey) and the deli sides are different every day and I got potato salad which was amazing. I would go back again but hopefully I'll pick a better sandwich next time.
I have to admit, the first time I saw this shop in passing, I thought, "A 'unique' name like that won't attract any business!" Little did I know, it was the most packed sandwich deli shops in town. I also heard it from a co-worker who mentioned that this is the place to go for a savory sandwich. She had more fun saying the name of the sandwiches than actually describing the taste and ingredients. And I concur. The fun names pair well with the fresh ingredients, unique concoctions, and family-like service. I kid you not, I think everybody knew the owner. They were on a first-name-basis with this guy who asked each one what he/she would be having today. Not one customer said "the usual." I would assume that would be a crime. The menu is full of options. If you're satisfied with usual ham, cheese, and white bread syndrome then Publix is down the block. Taco Bell is closer if I dare mention. It took me awhile to narrow down my options. I had to remind myself that I only have one stomach. I decided to be festive and try the Rush Limbaugh: hot turkey, stuffing, cranberry relish, tarragon gravy with a side of red potato salad. I asked for walnuts and to my surprise, they did not have that ingredient. It's okay. I'm not picky. I had a choice of bread so I chose rye. Now this is probably my fault, but I didn't like it. Lol. It was mushy, hence the walnuts would have created that crunchy factor. And a hard sourdough would have been better fit. The mac and cheese looked great as watched them pack it up with other to-go orders so that will have to be ordered the next visit. But the potato salad is equally good! It just didn't work well with my mushy sandwich. Unfortunately I'll have to label the first visit as a false attempt... or practice round. Next time I know what to look for. But no matter what, I know that this deli makes everything fresh and in the house, including the soup. The service was a little slow for a deli but I would choose quality over efficiency so no argument there. I'm giving this 4 stars not based on what I ordered, but the menu options, the service, and the preparation into each ingredient. Try That Deli!
If I was ever stranded on a desert island and could only bring one thing with me, it would be the mac n' cheese from That Deli! Goodness that stuff is good. I want to bathe it in. But you're probably looking for sandwich reviews, those are unbelievable too. The I-4 is my favorite!
Cabbage soup was great. Frank Perdue and Caesar Too was real good but I wasn't sure what to do with the fried Parmesan. Lol They have Boylans soda. Real sugar! Service was good. Place is clean. I'll be back
That Deli!, I wish you would open up a spot closer to where I live because that would be friggin amazing! Anyway, on the occasions that I do end up in Lake Mary; I always want to see if I have time to stop by for a quick meal. Are you in a roast beef, melty cheese, & Portobello mood? Then I recommend the oh-so-delicious Beef me up Scotty! Do you want chicken instead of beef? Then the spicy Bird of the Bayou will satisfy your cock-a-doodle doo craving. If you're feeling whimsical, then blindly order their special sandwich of the day. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of their sandwich choices. The prices are reasonable considering the quality ingredients that make up your sandwich. I remember getting to go one time and not being able to eat my lunch until an hour later. When I finally got to my sandwich I was so relieved to see that it was still intact and not falling apart into a soggy mess. Yay for awesome sandwich bread!  In addition to your sandwich, you also get a side too. How's that for a combo meal? Service is always friendly and efficient. If you have questions, then just ask. They will gladly answer any questions or even offer samples of one of their daily soups. Yum!
Do not typically go to delis, but That Deli! is worth the stop. Excellent sandwiches and desserts. Have gone several times and will continue.
I've frequented That Deli on lunch and dinner breaks. It's a great little family run establishment with daily changing specials. Everything is made fresh and it really shows. You can order one of their giant sandwiches with catchy names like Beef Me Up Scotty and Looney Shrooms, plus one of their cold sides or casserole dishes. But the soups are really the standout here. Moroccan chili, clam chowder or turkey curry cous cous for the win. A major bonus: That Deli! has gluten free bread and other gluten free items clearly marked on the menu. Yay for dietary options!
Where do I begin to explain how amazing 'That Deli' is? RARELY do I ever get blown away from a deli. For the most part- it's just a sandwich, BUT not here! The sandwiches are filled with fresh ingredients, wide selection of different toppings/sauces, piled and stacked high, concoctions that will make you craving to try every sandwich on the menu AND most importantly it's made with love. Even the sides are plentiful and delicious- I love that this restaurant does not hold back on quality OR quantity. -Caesar side salad was a generous portion, dressing was creamy, salad was fresh, croutons and cheese definitely brought the salad to the next level. -Spicy chicken enchilada soup served with a piece of cornbread. Writing about this side makes my mouth water. The flavors were bold and it was probably the best soup I've ever had (Sorry mom!) -Roy's new munchies and Bird on the bayou deli sandwiches were phenomenal. Once again you could taste the freshness of the ingredients, the flavors all just came together so well, it was just exceptional! ....the only downfall is I don't live in Florida and I do not know if I ever will get the chance to revisit this amazing deli. That in itself saddens me. So if you are ever in the area- it's a MUST try! You will not be disappointed.
Unbelievable food! Homemade! Amazing gluten free bread and other GF items. I just can't say enough about this place. I'm sad that I waited so long to try it because I had always heard great things. Definitely check it out!
Freshest ingredients at any deli I've been to and great options from healthy to indulgent. I try to make it in here at least once a week to try one of their different soups that they make each week.
I was looking for a place that made their own soup and came across That Deli. I was excited that their daily special included Italian Wedding soup as it is one of my favorites. The place itself isn't bad and the staff is nice enough, although I didn't like any of their suggestions for sandwiches and felt a bit rushed. I opted to just get the soup and the mac & cheese because I heard it was good. However, the soup was not a traditional Italian Wedding and included red peppers, bow tie pasta, and what looked like lentils. I think they overdid it and moved too far from the traditional version, it would have been nice if that was mentioned on the menu. There was also a good amount of oil floating on the top and it got all over the side of the container, which made a mess. The meatball bits were tasty, but when I ate a full meatball there was the nasty surprise of a pearl onion in the middle, no thank you! I put aside the soup and thought, OK I can salvage this lunch, and reached for the mac. It was so dry! No creaminess at all, like they had just sprinkled cheese on pasta and heated it up. It was also really bland. Call me crazy, but I like some creamy, cheesy mac and cheese and Italian Wedding Soup without unexpected bits of this and that. Overall, it's not a terrible place, and maybe the sandwiches are good, but as for the soup and main side, nope.
My husband and I stopped in for lunch today. I had the Bird on the Bayou and he had Beef Me Up Scotty (his was on GF bread). Everything was very fresh and full if flavor. We will definitely be going back!
My party ordered the I-4 and the pastrami Mammi both were very good.  Their take on the pastrami was quite good.  Portions were large.  The black bean soup was fresh and spicy.   The side salads were also fresh made on the spot.  Salads had homemade croutons and cheese crisps.  There was a kids menu but it wasn't what I would consider kid food.  PB&J but on sourdough it was difficult for my 9 yr old to bite into.  All in all a great place for lunch!
Oh my goodness. Stopped in here after an appointment at the Sanford DMV (Which is amazing BTW). The place was packed for lunch, but that didn't stop us from getting seated and ordered really quickly. It was hard to decide exactly what I wanted just because there are SO many awesome sandwich combinations. I ended up ordering the I-4 deluxe, which according to them is "Great until it backs up" -- cold turkey, hot bacon, sliced avocado, provolone, tomato and tarragon mayo. My wife got the Greasy Floridian -- cold Ham, Genoa salami, provolone cheese, romaine, tomato, red onion and garlic mayo. Both of these were amazing. Everything was super fresh and delicious. Any sandwich you order comes with your choice of a side. We split the mac and cheese, the Tomato Bisque soup, and a side of blue cheese/bacon/red potato salad. The sides switch out regularly, but they always have the mac and cheese. If you go in and they have that potato salad, get it. Everything was fantastic, and the portions were huge. We ended up eating half of our sandwiches for lunch and then eating the leftovers for dinner. If you have leftovers they'll wrap the sandwiches all nice and give you lids for the sides too. If you're looking for a good sandwich, pass up the Subway or the Panera and come here, you'll be glad you did.
Stopped by here to try it out for dinner. After reading all the rvws, I had to finally give it a try. OMG!! I had the Bird on the Bayou and the soup special Buffalo Chicken Wing Soup. Both were soooooo good! And the sandwich was huge!! Loaded with so much meat, I gave half to my boyfriend. He couldn't stop saying how good it was. I will most def be coming back to this place! I found my new sandwich spot!!
So fresh. So much variety. So much care given to each order. Staff is super friendly. Can't be beat for soups and Sammiches. Salad dressings are good. Everything can be customized too so don't be afraid to ask them to go easy on the mayo. Oh, and one more thing, fresh cut avocados on nearly every sandwich. Can't say enough good about That Deli!
Without any doubt this is the best. Freshness that would melt your face and amazingly pure and complete flavors. Their soups are so fresh and untouched by anyone else in town. I love the chicken wing soup. The special sandwiches and soups I would defiantly go for... The more strange and different the sandwich is the better it tastes. The hang over sandwich is a great guilty pleasure and they even made a shepherd'a pie sandwich with gravy dipping sauce.
I tried their Bok Choy Chicken soup and it was fantastic. I've Bennett tried Bok Choy before, but they let you sample the soup before you buy it. It was delicious and filling. During the holidays, I also got the turkey noodle soup and it really hit the spot especially since I was suffering from the flu. I don't think you can go wrong with any if their soups.
I love the concept of this place, but there are a few execution flaws I just can't get past.  Great little deli with 5-6 homemade soups every day, enormous sandwiches and fresh made side salads - but service can be a little slow and the prices are a wee bit high for what it is. I've eaten here a number of times, both dine in and take out.  I love some of their soups, but I don't visit as much as I would because you have to check the website for today's soups every day.  There are no standards you can count on being available.  There is almost always a spicy soup or two, which I don't really go for, and I've found my "top pick" is often sold out before I get there.  Well, at least we know they are popular. Their soups are very creative - perhaps too creative sometimes.  On a recent visit, they had Chipped Beef and Toast soup (Yes, S.O.S).  It was thick and rich with meat juices but it was almost a bowl of gravy.  This suited my grandfather, who ordered it, just fine and he took about  1/2 his bowl home to eat over mashed potatoes for another meal.  However, if I had ordered it as a soup I would have been disappointed.  I've found this with a few of their soups - too rich or fat-packed to be enjoyed by the cupful.  However, on the upside, they are always willing to provide small samples of the soups before you buy, which I've found to be needed.  Sometimes the description makes it sound like a brothy soup but the sample proves it to be super cream-packed or nearly a solid stew so I appreciate the "try before you buy" consideration. Their sandwiches are good, but huge.  Great if you are planning more than one meal or have quick after-nosh access to a fridge.  Not so helpful if this is a pit stop as part of a longer day out.  Their Reuben is quite good and just what you'd expect from a reuben.  I've tried the Mae West, a mix of hot turkey, swiss, sautéed bellas, and tarragon mayo.  It was yummy but the mayo was a little sparse (I added mustard at home) and while I love sauteed mushrooms, I find the grey sludge they leak if not very well drained kind of off putting.  On my most recent visit I tried the Name That Tuna.  Not my favorite. The tuna was herby (very nice) but rather dry.  Paired with super thick slices of untoasted rye, the overall sandwich was dry, dry, dry.   Lots of raves on here about the mac n' cheese.  The large shell pasta is interesting, but I always forget how underwhelmed I was the last time with this casserole.  It is lightly cheesy but never with as much punch as I am hoping for.  Reminds me more of a hot pasta salad than a true gooey mac n' cheese. On food alone, I'd go 3 stars for this place. However, it bumps up to 4 when you take into account the super helpful and friendly staff, the commitment to customer service, the fact all the food is made to order and from components made in house, and the fact this is a locally owned shop.  They seem to be a wonderful addition to the community and I am always happy to see small businesses succeed.  Good place to grab lunch with some unique twists and tastes, but a little pricey for a sandwich shop.
This is the 2nd time we have been here and both times the food was fantastic.   I am a vegetarian and my husband is gluten free.   He has had zero problems eating here. Music is good and service is quick.
Love this place! Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The sandwiches are stacked with meat. They have specials that are unique. I couldn't resist the desserts and tried the brownie and the lemon bar. Both were tasty. They don't deliver but referred me to gowaiter.com which I never knew of. I will be returning often.
My son is on a gluten-free, dairy-free diet, and That Deli! now has items that he can eat (and enjoy!).  You have to love a place that accommodates special dietary needs. I would post a photograph, but I am not sure how.
Just thought I'd say that this place still rules. I don't really go out for lunch  that much, but this is usually one of my first choices. The last three times I went in I had the special. One was right after Christmas and was an open-faced turkey sandwich w/ all the standards from the holidays: stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy, cranberry relish....SO GOOD!!! They had homemade falafel as the special fairly recently - 1088990 stars.
A hidden gem in Lake Mary , The best soup I have tasted in 46 years was the sausage and corn chowder last night . Looking forward to tasting the other homemade ones very soon . Wifey had the Reuben . She said it was so good she decided to call the deli and told them it was the best she has ever had .
That Deli is a small little deli shop in Lake Mary located of Lake Mary Blvd. What's to say about this places? They have fresh salads and sandwiches  or you can even create your own sandwich. I have the Pastdrami, what is in this magical sandwich? Pastrami with cheese (Swiss)and cooked green peppers and onion on your choice of rye,wheat or sourdough bread,I choose rye bread and it came with one side(soup,chips,deli case salad,or fresh fruit ,mac and cheese or house,Cesar salad)  I had the green bean salad from the case salad.   For my side I choose the Roasted Green Bean, Bacon and Toasted Almonds, witch is basically green beans with bacon pieces and almonds, it was not to bad considering I am not a big fan of Green Beans but with the Toasted Almonds and the Bacon pieces it was actually good. The sandwich was delicious but a bit expensive  you also get a side with the sandwich, to drink I have a drink from there cooler that has Gatorade and waters and teas. My whole meal with the drink and tax was about $9.18 witch is a bit over priced but the sandwich made up for it because it was made fresh and it was really good and actually one of the best I have had in Central Florida. If you get anything to drink and you like tea I recommend the "Peace Tea" Lemonade and tea together it was delicious and refreshing with the food plus it cools you off from the heat. The service was good, we were the only ones there but they gave us our salad's or side orders first very quickly and the sandwich came right after not to long and they were friendly and nice. I will be coming back to this place even though I live a bit far away from this location it is worth the drive. I cant wait to come back and try there other sandwiches like the Rubix Cube witch has Hot Cube Steaks, Swiss Cheese, Caramelized Onions and Garlic Mayo.It  sounds very interesting. Most important the places seems to be own by independent owners making it a mom and pop place witch I like because that is were you get the good food. If you do not mind spending 9-10 bucks on a meal but really want to try a good sandwich, this is the place for you. My mouth is still watering from the delicious pastrami sandwich and the mustard witch was a bit spicy made it even better and also the toppings were excellent. I gave it five stars only because the place was clean and the food was top notch, good food and good service other wise I would of gave it four stars.
Great soup great sandwiches  very good side dishes  and they have some creative salads that you don't see often very friendly sandwiches made to order fresh meats creative sandwich named after the local area just an a awsome deli
Amazing soups! Great sandwiches, awesome staff. They have gluten-free bread and gluten-free soups, which is great for me and my allergy.  Plus they personally hand-wrap your leftovers and don't just throw a styrofoam box at you. They have specials which change all the time, and they're always amazing.  They owner is right there on the line with the rest of the staff.  Just try it, you won't regret it!
Great fresh food. Great service. Will be back. Owner very polite and friendly. Good value. Very clean.  Great conversation.
Great soup great sandwiches  very good side dishes  and they have some creative salads that you don't see often very friendly sandwiches made to order fresh meats creative sandwich named after the local area just an a awsome deli
Went for lunch yesterday with hubby. I had the Beef Me Up Scotty and he had the Daytona Beef sandwich. We both had the new potato/cauliflower salad as our side. Since hubby is not a fan of cauliflower that remained but I gobbled mine up...perfectly cooked. What I left behind was the undercooked new potatoes. This would be a fine salad full of flavor if all elements were properly cooked. Shame since this is a pretty large serving for a side dish. My sandwich was a home run - perfectly toasted sourdough, a nice amount of roast beef,  very tasty mushrooms and nicely melted cheddar. Perhaps for my taste the mayo was a little heavy and overpowered the cheddar,  but not so much as to put me off. Large portions are always a plus in my book ;-) Hubby seemed to enjoy his sandwich...except for the large amount of red peppers he pulled off... "too overwhelming" he said. I gave That Deli! a 4-star rating instead of 5 for 3 reasons:   * they gave you the side dishes to eat while you wait for the rest of your order. Now, since my side dish was mostly untouched this just made me more hungry and the wait for my sandwich seem that much longer. If perhaps you're enjoying your side dish then more than likely by the time your order arrives you're close to full from the large portion   * the side dishes come in very sturdy plastic containers best left for takeout as they are perfect for recycling or reuse at home. Sadly they are trashed.   * the undercooked potato salad. All-in-all, I enjoyed it. Great flavors, large portions at a fair price for what you get. Would eat here regularly if I lived here in the area.
This place was packed and after eating, it was clear why! Huge sandwiches - signature or make-your-own, and great sides (i.e. mac and cheese).  Staff was very nice and helpful. Perfect place for an awesome lunch.  I wish I lived closer.
We just had lunch here, and not only received a great meal but also had a pleasant experience. We had the Beef me up Scotty and the Caesar Teaser. Both were excellent! We are from California on a road trip through Florida and Georgia. This was our first stop and I don't know if anywhere else will compare. The only complaint I have is they don't charge enough for what you get. Where else can you get fresh ingredients made by real people-oh, and the owner works right there in the kitchen, makes sure your meal is great, and takes the time to talk with you. Thank you!
Sooooo good!!! When I worked close by I used to have lunch here at least a few times a week. I still stop in when I can, although sadly not as often as I used to. Ever since the day they opened they have been making AWESOME food. Every sandwich I've tried has been incredible. The soups and sides are always creative, fresh, and fantastic. You won't find a better sandwich in the area. That's for sure!!
I visited this local spot last night for the first time and I was extremely impressed. The staff dealt with one of the most difficult customers I had ever seen in a graceful and positive way, and then got right to our order. I recently went gluten free and their options are simply outstanding. The food tasted amazing, the atmosphere was great, and I will definitely be going back here again.
New Sunday hours - 11:30 to 3:00 and they have a lot of business, too. Sandwiches and sides are quite good, no skimpy portions either.
WAY too expensive. I've had better.
This is a great alternative to the chain sandwich shops. The quality is above and beyond with their bread, meats, and other toppings. The sides are always changing and tonight I really enjoyed a portabella mushroom salad that would satisfy any meateater and vegetarian.
Why anyone likes this place is beyond me. The sandwiches are bread you can buy from the store, the sides were cold and had no taste. I had mac n cheese and it was horrible!
I love this place! They offer gigantic delicious sandwiches, wraps, soups, salads, and a nice variety of sides.  There are many great vegetarian options as well.  The food is very flavorful and fresh.  The staff is very friendly, and the setting is quiet and pleasant. The prices are average and well worth the quality of food and portion size.
Solid spot for quality sandwiches, all natural ingredients, and family owned service.
OUTSTANDING!! Creative soups and sandwiches This gem is in Lake Mary and were loving it!
Great Gluten Free menu!! I've been eating here since they opened and have never had any problems with cross contamination.  The staff is always very conscientious about my food allergy and take extra precautions to  use different gloves and knives. Much appreciated!
So unbelievably tastey! And worth every penny! Bread is fresh, bacon was crisp, meat was cut thick and the sandwich was HUGE! I have been there three times so far and plan on visiting many more times. I get the I-4 Deluxe and it is AMAZING! It is so delicious I can't break away to try a new sandwich! The staff there is always super nice and it is just a cool place overall. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! The cost is about ten to twelve per person and, in my humble opinion, completely worth every penny. The quality of the food is outstanding as is the quantity! You get what you pay for. So if you are on the fence, GO! You won't regret it!
Super delicious, super fresh sandwiches. The service was fantastically friendly. It is possibly the perfect deli to visit for a quick, flavorful lunch. Rumor has it, the soup of the day is not to be missed. I predict that I will be back many, many times.
It's been a year-and-a-half since I made That Deli a weekly appointment.  As long as they're in business, I'll be visiting once a week for their awesome eats.  I also dig the friendly atmosphere and Roy's spot-on political views.
The portions are fantastic, the staff is very personable and honest with everything they make. This is reflected in the quality of the food they create. With sandwiches and soup specials that change frequently, you will never experience palate fatigue. If you are a person like my wife who enjoys having the same great sandwich, they deliver a consistent and outstanding tasting meal. If you are in Lake Mary and are looking for a family owned and operated business, then look no further. You will be happy like I am!
Go once and you'll be hooked. We eat here at least once a week. My favorite sandwich is the Beef Me Up Scotty (roast beef, cheddar, portabellos and garlic mayo), but I have never had a bad meal here. The soups are always fresh and absolutely incredible. There are side dishes like you've never had in anything but fine restaurants, like Asian barbrcue slaw and curry couscousThe owner, Roy, and the entire staff treat every customer like family. You will love this place!
Great deli with an extensive menu of specialty sandwiches.  I ordered the New Yorker with a cup of Thai Peanut Curry soup.  The portions were large and absolutely delicious.  They offer specials that are constantly changing.  You can't go wrong choosing That Deli!
Great find!  Nice atmosphere and staff!  Highly recommend the Beef Me Up Scotty w/ either the Red Potato Salad or Fruit Side.  Delicious!
Went there for lunch. Place was JAM packed, and I'm not sure why. Took 20 mins to get an italian on wheat to go, plus it was expensive. Over 10 bucks for a sanwich, side and drink. I'll probably go back during off hours (to be fair), but I really wasn't impressed.
Not that great. Not sure what I missed out on.
My husband, 14 mo old son and I visit at least once or twice weekly. First, the restaurant is very clean and the staff is very welcoming. My husband always orders the Steve Martin.  It is warm, thick and full of great flavor. He just had the Buffalo Chicken Soup as his side- it even came with a chicken wing to dip in the soup!  I change up my sandwich choice each time.  Tonight I had the Dagwood-Hot Ham, Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Parmesan Mayo, Swiss and Tomato.  It was great!  I enjoyed the Middle Eastern Pasta with Caramelized Onions and Curry Mayo as my side.  I would say it was more Indian due to the curry but excellent! The owner always cuts up some fresh chicken and warms it up for my son.  He is a little too young for the children's menu, so it is nice to have someone accommodate him. The amount of food is plentiful.  The sides are always awesome- they even have fresh cut fruit for those that want a lighter side. We really enjoy going to That Deli.   Go and go often!
I have to say that I read the reviews and was excited to try this place out. Although their food is good and homemade I was shocked at how expensive it was! I got a tuna salad sandwhich, with a fountain soda... and it cost me $11. HUH?! I almost said forget it, but then I just paid for it... I could have made about 20 tuna sandwiches for $11... Otherwise, it was a nice clean place and very busy.
My wife read my review and wanted to say the Mac and Cheese is phenomenal. I need one more stamp in my punch card for a free sandwich. The food quality is great.These sandwiches are really awesome. Sometimes the wait still takes a while but never as long a my first time.
Without question, the best deli outside of New York. Do not pass this by... BTW, come hungry
Nice atmosphere and amazing food. Some of the best damn soups and sandwhiches in this city way bigger portions n better prices n quality then panera. All the foods fresh and they have the loyalty cards stamp them and then get a free meal! Ive found a new lunch time favorite!!!
Some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The ingredients are fresh, and the flavor combinations are superb.
This is a lunch gem in Lake Mary. They make the soups in-house and always have a great variety--usually a GF and a vegetarian option. The sandwiches are excellent. I often get whatever they have as a special but the I-4 and roasted veggie sandwich are also a great options off the menu. The lunch special (half a sandwich, soup, and a salad/pasta) is a ton of food. It's conveniently close to a liquor store, in case you're having one of those kind of days.
This place serves some great sandwiches, sides, and soup! I love how everything tastes homemade, but with an eye for detail and finesse. The sandwiches are monstrous, so I usually end up splitting one with my wife. I try a different sandwich from the menu every time, and have loved everything so far! Everything from this (That) Deli is quality. As far as I'm concerned, the negative reviewers were looking for a bad Subway clone and should've stuck with fast food. Quality takes time, and isn't cheap!
The I-4 is the bomb on toasted Rye bread.
Ok, this is my "go to place for a great sandwhich". I love the variety of the menu, it's ALWAYS fresh. The salads and soups are all amazing. The staff is extremely friendly and remember you even if you've only been there once.  I have had a few sandwhiches, my fav is def the I-4 cause I love the amount of avacodos they put on it, they don't skimp at all!!! yay!  It's just the place you go to for consistantly good, satisfying and friendly service.  I took my boyfriend here and he was amazed att he simplicity of it and how flavorful the food was. :) So, yeah, go check them out. It's convenient, fast and so worth it!!!
The employees are super friendly and the food is awesome!
Fresh soups, great sandwiches and friendly service. What else can you ask for?
I was looking for a quick supper and checked Yelp for some inspirational ideas. I saw some good reviews for That Deli so I gave it a try. And I'm really glad I did. Real food. Friendly people. Really good real food. No kidding. I can't imagine ever going back to Too Jay's or Panera again. That Del! is That Sensational! Try it. You'll be glad you did.
Sandwich was HUGE! The garlic mayo made the sandwich. Mac & cheese side was good. Next time I'll get the 1/2 sandwich as the whole with a side was too much.
This place has received a lot of hype so the curiosity in me had to check it out. Like other reviewers have mentioned the customer service and helpfulness of the staff is great. I ordered the I4 deluxe and my husband got a French dip type sandwich off the specials menu. I enjoyed my I4. Ingredients were fresh. My husband was not crazy about his sandwich. I had read a lot of positive reviews about the Mac and cheese and it did not disappoint. I cannot give five stars because I feel that even though the portion sizes are large, the price is way more than I am accustomed to spending on "deli" food.
Tasty sandwiches and sides, friendly staff. Great selection of specialty sandwiches. Not super fast though, even with no line.
I absolutely LOVE this place.  I've read reviews for a couple of months and finally decided to try it in December and am kicking myself at how long it took me to finally visit.   The sandwich portions are huge and made with so much flavor.  I had to try their Mac N Cheese at my first visit, but I had the opportunity to sample one of their soups that they make homemade daily and I was blown away.  There's nothing quite like the taste of food that is made fresh and full of flavor.   I've been a repeat customer of this establishment at least 5 more times since my first visit and I can't stop singing their praises enough.  One of their most popular sandwiches is the I-4 Deluxe but I've tried everything from their Veggie, Beef Me Up Scotty, Postdrami, Pizzaface, and Steve Martin. Their location is a bit smaller, but they make up for their size with their personality.  I've been able to strike up great conversations with much of the staff and it adds a much more connected experience to the food.
Love their Gluten-Free menu!
Best Deli in town, hands down!  Food is fresh and delicious.  My wife and I come back again and again!
If you are allergic to gluten, do not eat their "gluten free sandwich." It was cross contaminated somehow or the bread wasn't completely gluten free. I have been sick to my stomach all day. I would like my 8 dollars back. If this restaurant advertises gluten free food, the staff needs to look at how they are preparing the food
That Deli! has a great variety of excellent deli offerings, all with tasty twists that the affible owner from Vermont serves up fresh in front of you. A must for fans of good food.
Why anyone likes this place is beyond me. The sandwiches are bread you can buy from the store, the sides were cold and had no taste. I had mac n cheese and it was horrible!"
Had the Korean Rueben for lunch. Very very good. Nice clean place to enjoy a bite to eat.
Roy is a Soup Wizard. The sandwiches are tasty, big and custom...but it is the soup that really gets me going back repeatedly. The best part is that there are different soups all of the time unlike other places like Panera that have the SAME soups every day. I tend to get a half sandwich and soup and it hits the spot every time. I highly recommend checking this place out.
Everything we had was excellent, best Reuben my husband has had in awhile, soup was delicious and my sandwich was so fresh and amazing, can't wait to go back and try more of their menu
My wife and I went to That Deli! yesterday for the first time.  When we walked in for lunch the service was very friendly.  They asked if we had ever been there before and when we said no they explained everything very thoroughly.  My wife loved that she could be picky about her sandwich and change a few things.  She ordered a cold turkey sandwich and the macaroni and cheese.  They offered a sample of any of the soups and I sampled the tomato and blue cheese bisque.  Wow it was so good.  So I ordered a "Bird on the Bayou" and the tomato/blue cheese for my side.  We sat at the counter and had some small talk as they made our sandwiches.  They have a couple of outdoor tables, several inside tables and several counter seats.  We got started on our sides while we waited.  The macaroni and cheese has nice large shells and is very cheesy and yummy.  When we got our sandwiches they were quite large with generous portions of meat.  The veggies were very fresh and the bread is delivered fresh baked daily.  The food was so good we ordered some soup and sides to take home for dinner.  Our only regret was not having discovered this place earlier.
Without a doubt, the best Sandwich in the area. All fresh and fresh made. Not to be missed. Been here maybe 2 dozen times already and keep going back, it's that good!
Been there many times, consistently great food and service. Daily specials and soups are killer!
I'm in love!!  When I first saw that this place had opened in a strip mall and the name was "That Deli!"  I wasn't impressed.  I stumbled upon a menu and work and was intrigued.  They have all kinds of original sandwiches with crazy names, and they serve homemade mac and cheese!  I got take-out today during lunch time and they were pretty busy.  That is a good sign in this economy!  I ordered a sandwich called the I-4 something or orther.  It is turkey, bacon, avocado, cheese and tarragon mayo on your choice of bread.  It was huge and excellent!  The bacon tasted like I fried it at home.  It wasn't that poor quality bacon that you usually get on a sandwich.  I got to pick a side (mac and ceese, chips, deli salad or soup) to go with my sandwich.  Of course I picked the mac and cheese.  I was not disappointed.  It is made with shell pasta and is very rich and creamy.  This was a ton of food.  I'm usually a big eater, but could only finish half of each.  The prices for sandwiches are around $7 or $8 which is a bargain for all the food that you get.  I will be going back again soon to try something else!  They had a deli salad today called potato salad with BBQ mayo and a seafood pasta.  Both looked great.    They also had baked goods and fudge that look homemade.  It's located in the same plaza as TJ Maxx and Homegoods, near Blockbuster and Subway.
