Such a great experience! It was the first time going to the Cassadaga Hotel and Restaurant. The food was excellent!!! The prices are great for the quality of food you are getting. Everything is made fresh to order. They even did a few extra special plate designs for the birthday girl!
Sinatra's Restaurant is delightfully unique. The only real way I can describe is as a lost in time restaurant inside of a lost in time hotel located in lost in time Cassadaga. But it gets better than that since oddly enough Cassadaga, Florida is the winter time resort of a two part spiritualist community, the other being Lily Dale in Cassadaga, New York, which as the designated site of the  "Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Meeting Association" shares the title of being the twin Psychic Capitals of the World. So if you come here, don't be surprised if you note that some of your dining companions are spiritualists. As for the food, I'd say a weak four stars but for an overall dining experience a solid four stars plus. If you're in the area, it's an experience not to be missed and one that I have no hesitation in highly recommending. The menu is basically Italian, rather complete but if you note a mention or reference to Arthur on the menu or elsewhere, be aware that Arthur is the spirit or ghost who haunts or otherwise occupies the hotel. But not to worry, he purportedly only lingers there because of a fondness for the smell of gin and cigars. I had their Caesar which didn't amount to much but also their pan sear diver scallops finished with a champagne citrus basil beurre blanc sauce accompanied by a risotto, the scallops of which came nicely sauce polished and true to their menu statement, bronze on coloration.  My dining companion went for a meatball sandwich which I found to be robust, hearty and full flavored.
This place is a fabulous place to come for brunch or lunch!  if you plan on spending the day in town doing some shopping and meeting with mediums then I would definitely suggest stopping in here which is located inside the hotel! The restaurant is very nice and classy looking, clean and well decorated! They have a fabulous menu with a great selection of things to choose from! All of the servers and staff members are incredibly nice and attentive! I definitely suggest trying the escargot for an appetizer! It's honestly the best escargot I have ever had!!! And they have great salads with a variety of different proteins you can get with your salad! My mom and aunt both got Caesar salads with fried calamari and they went on about how much it was just to die for! If you plan on coming to cassadaga then definitely stop by this cute and quaint restaurant and enjoy a bite to eat!
Great food! Highly recommend the lunch menu. We try to select something different each time we come and have never been disappointed. My husband loves there eggplant sandwich. The chips are homemade, awesome.
I'm very impressed with this place. The food here is incredible. The wait staff was very helpful. You have to go here because words do not do it justice. I travel a lot for my job and I'm all about the hole-in-the-wall locations or mom-and-pop places, and this restaurant is a Florida hidden gem. The bartender, Brittni, is the sweetest young lady. Very personable and offers intelligent conversation that puts other bartenders to shame. Trust me: you are missing out if you don't go here. Worth the drive no matter if you are from Akron, Ohio in town on business or from Orlando, FL looking to get away from the Disney crowds. And the location is incredible. What are you waiting for?
As I review this restaurant, please keep in mind that I am comparing this restaurant to others in the surrounding area ( Deland, Orange City and Deltona). A seasoned diner will surely find better fare in other areas... Winter Park and Orlando. However in this part of Volusia County, the food is very good and I would dare anyone to find a more charming place for a drink and dinner. Located in the Cassadaga Hotel, this restaurant is CHARMING. The dining and bar area are reminiscent of the Lakeside Inn in Mt. Dora. The dining area is spot on in set up with a small piano bar. Really... Just go. It looks like the type of place you could get a gin  blossom or a glass of Hochstadter's Rock and Rye, but we all know that you can only get that the Imperial at Sanford. The Good: A nice affordable wine list. You can get a decent bottle at a fair price. My husband and I "went around the world" as we like to say. For us, this means drinks, appetizer, dinner and dessert. We ordered a bottle of Cabernet (Root1). I think the price was good compared to what I pay for it in retail. Appetizer: We went traditional and ordered the calamari with peppers. I really wanted to see it with marinated sweet peppers and not  greek  peppers. It was pretty good though. Dinners: Trust me when I say that we know italian food and pasta. Because of this we instinctively stayed away from ordering any of the dishes. Instead we ordered chicken dishes (saltimbocca and figs). The dishes come with a soup or salad. My husband went with soup ( 3 piggies), a trifecta of pork which was delicious. I opted for a ceasar salad, which was weird as it came out as wedge. Still tasted ok. Our entrees were pretty good as well. The chicken dishes were above average and the only off part was the side of risotto. The risotto was tomato basil which was just way too bright for the heavier dishes that we ordered. I would have liked a basic garlic and Parmesan. With that said, there is nothing around here that could compare so I actually feel bad complaining. Dessert: We ordered cannoli. It was pretty good as well. Did I mention the prices? In my opinion, this place is super affordable. It came in at less than I expected, so hey!!! And besides, nothing feels and IS better than spending your money locally. In summary... Service is good, food was good and possibly better than good for the area. Surely better than Deland's newest offering , Byte and Dally on the Alley. Atmosphere is great. So if you live near here or are visiting this area... Please give this place a visit. I know I will come back. Word of advice: Bring a few dollars to tip the piano performer! The night we were there it pained us to see the lack of tips. While he might not have been the best, it is hard work and they deserve some tips!
Food and service great! Piano player tooooo loud! He must tone it down and then will give 5 stars
This restaurant has an amazing menu, we ate dinner and then breakfast the following morning. We were not expecting such 5 star flavors and tastes to be melded together so eloquently. I was pleasantly surprised to try the chefs risotto creation of blue cheese pear and red onion. We were served by the owners daughter and were fortunate to receive wonderful kind and informative service.  The breakfast special was banana foster pancakes and it was just wonderful!! 3 pancakes topped With warm syrup and Sautéed bananas, so delicious!  I would definitely eat here a 3rd time!!! The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because I think their decor could use some improvement.
I had dinner here after spending the day in Cassadaga. I was a little apprehensive because I had heard not so great things about the Cassadaga hotel in which the restaurant in located in and the owners of the bed and breakfast we stayed at said the restaurant could be hit or miss, but we wanted to have dinner in Cassadaga and the hotel does have an interesting and  mysterious quality to it. We arrived a little before 7 on a Monday night and the restaurant was pretty empty. They have a full bar but we stuck with wine and ordered the bruschetta appetizers. I was impressed by it. The tomatoes were very fresh tasting and I loved the balsamic vinegar reduction that came on the plate. For entrees my boyfriend went with the pasta bar option where you select a pasta, a sauce, and can add a protein. He got tortellini in marinara sauce with meatballs. It is nothing I would have ordered for myself but he really enjoyed it and trying it I thought the pasta tasted fresh and the marinara was light and flavorful. He liked the meatballs, and I thought they were ok, but seemed to be a little heavy on breadcrumbs in the mixture. I ordered the chicken and figs which was kind of a twist on chicken Marsala with figs added into the wine reduction. I thought it was really delicious and will probably be adding figs to my own Marsala in the future. The chicken was perfectly cooked and had a nice texture (I can be very picky about chicken breast). It was served with a tomato basil risotto which was very well prepared. Both our entrees came with a choice of soup or salad and since it was a little chilly this particular evening we both went with the creamy mushroom soup which was also very good and had whole fresh mushrooms in it, not little mushy mushroom pieces. For dessert we got mini cannolis and red velvet cake. Both were made in house and were really good. I was very impressed by the meal, and prices were very reasonable, especially after adding the coupon I had found on their website (make sure to check there before dining). The service was decent. The restaurant definitely has a unique atmosphere and charm to it, and I think it is worth a visit if you are in the area, and definitely beats driving into the nearby town for any sort of chain restaurant meal.
Because I don't give bad reviews I will say that this was the nicest part of Cassadega:) The owner(I think) was very friendly and spoke as I wandered the area. I believe he was one of the only ones that spoke the hour I was there (Shelly in the welcome center was nice when I approached her) anyways I heard his food was fab. And hey customer service goes a long way. I didn't even eat at the restaurant but giving it 5 stars based upon the warmness of the owner. As a spiritual person I was pretty disappointed otherwise.
This place is fantastic. Not only is it eerie and the location makes you feel like you're in the 1940s surrounded by attractive witches who put a spell on you (and your food). The head chef also won that one thing on TV.
I'll admit that I didn't exactly have high expectations of this place, considering it's the only restaurant in Cassadaga (a very tiny town near Lake Helen and Deland), and it's inside the hotel. However, I ended up being very pleasantly surprised by our meal here. My mother and I dined at Sinatra's on a Friday night, and we were literally the only people in the whole place. Needless to say, we got great service. We started out with the fried ravioli (which were absolutely delicious). Next, we each got a small Caesar salad, and then our main dishes. I decided to be adventurous and ordered the tortellini in a vodka sauce (which I'd never tried before) with a side of meatballs, while my mom ordered penne in marinara, also with meatballs. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal (except the meatballs... they were so tough I couldn't even bite into them easily, so they were quickly abandoned), and my mom even preferred mine to her own entree. It wasn't that hers was bad, she just liked mine much more :) There were other restaurants a mere 10-15 minutes away in DeLand, and we tried two other places during the course of our trip, but this place was far and away the best of the bunch. I honestly don't see myself returning to Cassadaga, but if I did I'd certainly plan on dining here again.
An unexpected treasure! We stopped by while waiting for an appointment and split the chicken and figs with risotto- absolutely delicious! It is not something I would have normally ordered and I loved it. I highly recommend stopping by if you are in the area. I can see why Executive Chef Danny Veltri won Hell's Kitchen!
Spur of the moment, we decided to try this place.  Outstanding best describes this dining experience.  The atmosphere was perfect and there was a guy playing the piano and singing.  I started off with the Mediterranean escargot and had the special which was a filet on a bed of tortellini.  My girlfriend had the scallops.  It was fantastic.  We finished it off dessert and coffee.  The service was tops and all the food came out in order.  We are definitely going back.
Amazing - Amazing - Amazing! My husband and I recently took a trip to Cassadaga and spent a night at the Cassadaga Hotel. (And what an experience that was!) Well it turned out that the hotel had a restaurant attached called L'Aldila. There aren't many restaurants around, so I figured we'd be forced to eat here, regardless of how good the food was. I was pleasantly surprised. We ended up having 2 meals there and they were both outrageous. For lunch, I had a chicken parm sandwich, and it was delicious. (Note, I am from North Jersey, where you can barely walk ten feet before hitting an authentic Italian restaurant). That evening, I had to go back for more. I had the cheese tortellini in pesto sauce. Yum! The food really was perfection, and the portions were huge. The staff was also very friendly. If you're anywhere near the Orlando area, you MUST stop by Cassadaga (for more than just the food, too). This place is awesome!
I haven't had time to write a review since visiting. I had the pleasure of visiting this beautiful restaurant in Cassadega with my boyfriend for our two year anniversary. The restaurant is part of the hotel - it is also the only restaurant nearby. However, don't be fooled! Walking into L'Aldila is like walking into New Orleans in the 1800's. The wood floors are accented by beautiful portraits and dim-lighting. The food is mind blowing and it is fresh! I got to meet the chef briefly and learned that he was on Hell's Kitchen - wow! I would HIGHLY reccomend visiting it.
This is in the heart of Cassadaga. I swear that there is paranormal activity happen around here. My first assumption that I would be greeted with folks with sleeved tattoos and pierced earrings. That assumption was completely mythical. This restaurant is located within Cassadaga Hotel and is worth a trip if you are around Deltona area. L'Aldila is priced quite reasonable, and I had the panini which was delicious! As for the atmosphere, you could step back in time and enter a world of quiet grace and charm. It has been warned that many spirits do reside in this inn. Plus it is rare to see an early 1900s place in Florida, so you would grab some history. BONUS TIP- Check out the hotel gift shop where you will find a vast array of delightful treasures, and many are hand-made, definitely a unique shop. You have been warned of the spirits but go and eat a nice quaint meal at L'Aldila :-)
What a pleasant surprise we found today in Cassadega,  FL.  Located in the Cassadega Hotel is a wonderful gem called Sinatras Laldila.  Amazing crab bisque w/red pepper was perfect for this chilly day after Thanksgiving. Highly rec the bruschetta burger with patatas parmegiana.  The eggplant rollatini superb and delish pinot noir by the glass reasonably priced.  In fact all the food was very well priced and delectable. If ever in the area for a spiritual reading, make the time for a delicious lunch in this historic hotel and precious old Fla town!
Good food, wonderful service, and paranormal activity...what an interesting combo! I guess some people plan on coming here, for us, it was serendipity! We were hungry and did a search on my iPhone. Ended up going off the beaten path to the peculiar Cassadaga area. We had the chicken piccata and it was amazing! Their grilled veggies are yummy, too!
This place has so much class!  It is owned by the Grand Niece of Frank Sinatra, Jodi Sinatra (maiden name), and it has wonderful Italian cuisine.  We have had both dinner and Sunday brunch and the food was fabulous.  They have Eric Hall playing the piano during the brunch, which is from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm.  Jodi's daughters also waitress for her and the service is outstanding.  My loaded omelete and hash browns ROCKED.  They are open to off menu manipulation and will be coming out with new menus soon.  They will also be launching a website soon so stay in touch.  You need to try their Cassadaga salad for sure.  See them on Facebook: facebook.com/#!/Sinatras…
I loved this place.  They were playing Sinatra at the time I walked in.  I thought that was special.  When they are not playing Sinatra, they mix some beautiful music in between.  The food is amazing and the ambiance is great.  I would have given the place 5 stars but the service was a little off.  I sat at the bar and the bartender was young and not too chatty.  I usually don't expect much from bartenders unless they seem like the friendly talkative ones, but for a place with history such as this I expected at least some attempt to impress an out of towner.  There was only a few beers on tap, and a wonderful local brew that I enquired with the bartender about.  He either didn't know anything about it, or didn't care to talk to me about it,  because after he said he didn't really know about it, he really said to me, "Google couldn't hurt", and walked off.  I mean thats just blatant ignorance of your job and your location, easy conversation starters.  I gave him all the ammo he needed to in order to form just one mini converersation, and he did nothing with it.  It was early day time so I'm sure there are better bartenders on at busier times!
Went to Sinatra's with a group of friends and have to say the food was excellent and terrific, as was the service. In addition, the piano music was good and the kareoke ( we went on a Saturday evening) was fun. We all thoroughly enjoyed the evening and intend to make it a monthly "event".  I would recommend Sinatra's to anyone.....
