The wife and I went to Mulberrys during our recent trip to Buffalo to watch the Bills home opener against the Dolphins.  We arrived without a reservation, which is a no go during dinner time.  However we were able to sit at the bar and order dinner and enjoy drinks and a good meal.  First of all this place is in the middle of a residential area, if you don't know about it you probably will never come across it on accident.  There is ample parking to include street and two parking lots, one right across the street and the other on the side of the restaurant.  So now to the food and experience. As i said earlier the wife and I sat at the bar because it was a hour wait to get a table.  Seating at the bar did not change our experience it actually enhanced it.  We both ordered white wine and we were given very generous pours.  For an appetizer we shared one of their homemade meatballs sliced and topped with fresh mozzarella.  Let me tell you, this was the best meatball we've ever had.  It was delicious, full of flavor and it did not fall apart.  For an entree we decided to share a order of lasagne, and I'm soooooo glad we decided to share.  The lasagna server was huge.  It was about 6x6x3.  My wife is a very hard critic when it comes to lasagna, we went to Italy recently and she did not like the lasagna there very much.  After one bite of the lasagne, she turned to me and said, "this is by far the best lasagna I've ever had".  Just for background info, she always orders lasagne at an Italian restaurant and Italian is her favorite type of food. During dinner a local Buffalo couple sat next to us and ordered drinks while they waited for their table to become ready.  We told them that we were from San Diego and this is our first visit to Buffalo.  We talked to them for a good thirty minutes.  THe people of Buffalo are so friendly.  Prior to being ushered to their tabled the nice couple bought the wife and I drink of our choice.  Shortly after they left the owner, Joe Jerge joined us at the bar.  We talked to him for a while and he also purchased drinks for me and the wife.  Not only to he buy us drinks he also provided us with two restaurants to go to during our upcoming trip to NYC and provided us personnel notes to give to one of the bartenders at this restaurant and have our bill put on his tab.  This has never happened to us, EVER!!!  So if your in Buffalo make sure you visit Mulberrys. Lastly, as we were leaving Thurman Thomas walked in for dinner.  Perfect way to end the best dinner experience ever.
At first glance, this restaurant appears completely out of place since it is situated in the middle of a small neighborhood.  However, after eating here, I understand why it fits in. The restaurant has a family run restaurant feel without mom&pop shop appearance.  We ordered the meat balls, the lasagna, the chicken parm, and E.Woods (one of the specials of the day).   1. The meatballs - absolutely delicious.  Full of flavor but doesn't feel like it's been filled with bread crumbs, and it is very juicy and light.  Even though it was "just" a meat ball, it has definitely set the standard for future restaurant meat balls to be compared to.  We ordered it with it sliced and cheese melted on. 2. The lasagna - home made, soo good.  The waitress ran down a list of 4-5 different meats (I can't even remember which ones were part of it) but it sounded super appetizing.  Once again, it sounds heavy, but it was made so perfectly that it was packed full of taste and didn't leave you feeling gross at the end of it. 3. The chicken parm - it was good, but nothing to write home about.  It was tasty and the chicken stayed juicy.  However, compared to all the other food we had that night, it really paled in comparison.  I would try all the other stuff instead of this. 4. The E. Woods - it was gnocchi + prosciutto + lobster + truffle butter + deliciousness.  The gnocchi was so light and tender, it was like eating air.  The lobster was plentifuly and cut to the same size as the gnocchi, so each bite was a surprise.  Am I getting a bite of gnocchi? Am I getting a bite of lobster?  Either way it was win win!  The truffle butter and prosciutto were just icing to the cake. All in all a great place to eat.  Definitely a hidden gem.  Will be coming back here soon!
I'm going back. No point in mincing words. I was skeptical of the Food Network hype, but they get a pass. One of my bellweathers of italian places is how good the chicken parm is and these folks have the best I've had. Somebody actually prepared this from the beginning, placing a bit of coating on there as an ingredient not as a breading jacket like it is in other places. The meatball, yeah, it is that good. Listen to your twitter. It's comfortable, not snooty, there is a good selection of beer available and really good pasta, quality canoli and even the bread worked. Yeah, I'm going back.
It doesn't seem that much more needs to be said about Mulberry's, but I feel compelled to add another 5 star review because the food is THAT GOOD.  It's down home delicious Italian made with the freshest ingredients.  At the end of the meal even though you're completely full from the hefty portions... you'll want to lick the plate.  Look around at the faces of all the other patrons and you'll see they want to lick it, too! The caprese salad, lasagna and eggplant are all outstanding.  Even though I typically don't order lasagna, it had to have it because it's their signature dish.  It was one of the best I ever had (sorry Nana!). Definitely worth it... and if you're too full, I'd suggest getting a cannoli to go because they are fresh and delicious. In addition to the awesome food, everything came out relatively fast and the waitress was very pleasant and attentive.  Of course service doesn't matter because they could take an hour to serve me and deliver my meal with the grumpiest of waitresses... and I'd still go back because the food is THAT GOOD!
Happy we found this little gem while traveling thru NY.  Food was prepared well and incredibly fresh.
My first time at Mulberry's, my friends have raved about this place and it was featured on Diners,  Drive-in's and Dives.   I didn't thinking this was either of those descriptions. I was pleased to see they had a couple local beers on tap, and I enjoyed the Hamburg Brewing Saison at the bar as we waited for our table.   When we sat, after a very short wait (we did have reservations) I looked over the menu,  it was hard to decide what to order,  so many items sounded appealing.   I settled on the lasagna with a side meatball. The meal was fantastic and huge portions.  It was so good I ate more than I should have and left quite full.  But I was not able to finish my meal and took leftovers and enjoyed it for lunch the following day. I will be going back to try some of the other menu items.
Truly a hidden gem! Tried this place out with friends and the wife last weekend.  Its always packed apparently. We had to wait for a table but we didnt mind. Was only about ten minutes. We were looking at  the decor and it was great. All these old baseball pictures and offical signed football jerseys. Finally sat down at our table which was in another room and there was more great memorabila of the 50s and sports. Waitress was very polite and was always available. We shared a bottle of Francis Coppola wine. Also, tired their soup was delicious. Wife and I split the rib eye steak. Was a huge portion and steak was so flavorful. Came with brocolini and white potatoes. We were all too stuffed for dessert but there is always next time. Recommendation: Go and enjoy! Great place for a birthday, anniversary or date. Service is great and food is amazing. Make sure to get there early, after reading other previous reviews place does get very busy. Also, try the meat balls or lasagna. We noticed other people enjoy it at the other tables.
The Good: Hidden gem. Best Italian in Buffalo.. sure I haven't tried them all but I'd be willing to bet on it. Changing menu, bring on the specials (and the day's lasagna). The Lasagna.. especially if it's veal of pork that day. Fresh ingredients. Tastefully decorated, warm and comfortable setting. The Bad: It's so good you'll have a heck of time getting in without reservations on the weekend / holidays... And an even tougher time actually finding the restaurant (seriously it really is hidden). Bottom Line: Want to wow someone with a special dinner ( without breaking the bank). Mulberry's has got you covered.
Went here for my birthday, my first time out with our new baby. I went expecting good food in a sports bar atmosphere and nervous about bringing the baby. Exceeded my expectations in a very nice way.  Seating area was lovely with winter decorations and strings of white lights that captivated my little one. Waitress was very friendly and patient with our many questions and slow pace, she even offered a sample of the sauce to my food-picky husband. Started warm bread on the house, then ordered the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. Pricey, but SOO good. Came with wedges of crusty garlic bread and a delicious bed of greens. My husband and I loved the homemade pastas and meatballs (he had spaghetti, I had the ravioli special, delicious, creamy cheese). We both took boxes home and felt we got not only excellent food but great value for money. Only the salads failed to delight: good, but not great. I'll try a different dressing next time. Also enjoyed a traditional cannoli. It was small, but priced well and just what I was looking for. The shell was nothing to write home about, but the filling was absolutely delicious. Overall, delightful experience, will definitely go back; I think we've found our new Italian 'home'.
I have only picked up food to go here. My first Impression was bad because the bartender was ignoring me and taking care of was seemed like regulars at the bar so I waited. Finally she took care of me but the food made up for it! Everything was amazing! Usually when you get food to go it's not as good (in my opinion) but this was great). The place is very small but I will be going back to enjoy more!
After much deliberation due to many great looking dinner options and the fact the original place myself and 3 others (including the little man) were going to go was closed we decided to venture out to Mulberry's. For a Thursday night the place was rather full at 7. We waited 10-15 min for a table. The wait for the waitress wasn't to bad at first and she brought our drinks out rather quickly. However for the next 15 min that was all we saw of her. We were about 2min from walking out when she came and took our order. Both of the guys ordered the famous meatball for an app and one ordered gnocchi with lobster and the other ordered chicken parm. I ordered cheese ravioli with a meatball for my dinner. The guys were not impressed by the meatball. All entrees come with a salad and choice of dressing. The salad had a good mix of greens some onion and a lone tomato. The tomato dressing I chose was rather tasty. From this point it took the better part of an hour for our food to come out. Now if the place was still packed I would understand but it had emptied out quite a bit. When our entrees did finally come they weren't very good. I lucked out and had the best dish even though my ravioli were a bit undercooked and not very warm. The lobster in the gnocchi was rubber and the chicken in the chicken parm was sour like the chicken wasn't that fresh. Really weird. Bry ate about 3 bites of his gnocchi and that was it. Now for those who have read other reviews of mine you know if I'm not "drinking" then I just order water. I'm not a soda drinker. On this occasion it was a water night and my water sat empty for the last 30 min of the meal even after the waitress came and took Bryan's gnocchi away and I asked for more water that never came. Also the other party that was with us ordered a glass of wine that also never came. I'm sure this review is a bit all over the place but it was just not a good time. Between all the waiting and subpar food I would not recommend this place. The only reason this isn't 1 star is because the waitress took the gnocchi off the check even after we said we would take care of it.
Always decorated so great is this small neighborhood restaurant.  Hostess and waitress could have been a bit friendlier- I mean it is holiday time.  Hostess was annoyed that we were "up" one person and said well you'll have to squish in the table I had you at.  We ended up at a perfectly accomodating table but she felt the need to be a bitch at 20 years old.  The waitress was blah- no personality - just serving. Beans and greens were fab. I ordered a small lasagna and rec'd a large but took it home for next day.
The only place in town designed to make you think long and hard about forest fruits. (Mull Berries). OK, weak intro... to perhaps THE BEST restaurant in WNY and THE BEST Italian American I have ever had. Anywhere. If you order certain dishes (parmed meatball appetizer... and Lasagne as your main). But then again you have to consider that I like Italian American better than Italian Italian. WNY has the best Italian American food on earth, as well as Pizza, Wings and Souvlaki... the Welcome To Buffalo sign should say: Italian American - it's better here. And Mulberry is the crown jewel. Let me explain why it's so freaking good. So it's not the prices. They're a little more than what I'd usually pay for a dinner. Well worth it though. The portions are well sized too. It's not the service, which is okay. Nor is it the location - on a back street in a residential housing estate by an abandoned industrial park out in Lackawanna, close to the Skyway. So then why do I like this place? Nay, absolutely indescribably adore this place? The decor is not the reason, although it's nice. It's an airy, NYC-Italian-themed place that really pulls off the charm much more effortlessly than Chef's or any other wannabe Italian joint in this region does. It goes all out on the decor, and definitely scores. But that has zero, nada, zipsky to do with why I love it. So finally, we get to the point... the food! The fact that worldfamousmeatball.com and worldfamouslasagne.com are the 2 websites for this restaurant should tell you something right away. The Chicken Parm is okay, but it's not the reason to come here and not what you should order... The 3 cheese Gnocchi wasn't good at all, the salads are okay. So then you get where this is leading. It's the meatball. And the Lasagne. Seriously, I don't think I've ever really thoroughly orgasmically enjoyed a meatball (the kind you swallow & digest) in my life until the day I set foot in this establishment. Not only is it good, they've managed to re-invent the dish completely, it's utterly spectacular! It's the most spicy, dreamy, sexy, seasoned, juicy, luscious meatball that you'd never have imagined! It shouldn't even be called a "meatball" because that conjures up images of generic hamburger meat, when this is an absolute delicacy. It tastes more like exotic Gyro meat from the Middle East, perfectly spiced, than any meatball I've ever had... Better yet, if you get it "parmed" for an extra dollar, this enormous ball of heaven comes sliced, covered in luscious melted mozza cheese, and topped with DTS (dreamy tomato sauce). It's enormous, filling, and at $6, you can't go wrong. In fact it's big enough to have as a main course - I have a big appetite and it fills me completely. The sauce here is absolutely phenomenal. It doesn't get much better than this rich, spicy, wet, tomato sauce. Emphasis on wet, just because I'm partial to that word and its connotations. I almost always end up licking the plate afterwards (but then I do that a lot). Someone once saw me licking and commented on it. Awkward. Yes I know it's my own fault. If you have a problem with me licking the plate, then stop trying to make out with me after my concerts. Oh that wasn't you? OK never mind then. Forget I said anything. Now for the best part. The lasagne is, if possible, EVEN BETTER than the meatball. Believe me, I've been looking for an amazing Lasagne in America for a long, long time. I love Lasagne in England, but never found a truly spectacular one in the USA. Never, that is, until now. Forget the fact that they use 3 different delicious kinds of meats, which change daily. Forget the fact that it is so stacked and filling that you can't finish it in one sitting. Forget the fact that it includes drippy drizzly mozzarella cheese with aforementioned sauce and one of the meats is almost always their famous meatball. All you need to know is, it's the BEST and most unique Lasagne you'll ever try, and once you try it, you'll be addicted. By unique I don't mean "weird tasting and hippie ish and would be at home in Portland, OR". No, I mean unique as in uniquely hearty, Italian American, and utterly, incredibly DELICIOUS. (I'm a hippie too, no offence hippies.) They need to clone Mulberry and put one in the Northtowns too so the Northtown, then they need to stick one in Cleve, Pitt, Ro-cha-cha, C-bus, Detroit (what!?), Da Cuse, and Albany, and watch them take over the scene. Then they need to go for the jugular and put one in Chicago, Boston, and ultimately... right there on Mulberry Street in NYC. Am I getting ahead of myself? Well I've already spoken to Billy Joel, and he's writing a song about my proposed expansion for this restaurant. But he is focusing on the wine. Which is annoying because any place can sell a good bottle of wine, but ain't nobody serve dem meatballs and dem lasagnyays betta than dis hizauss yo. Is there a better Lasagne or Meatball out there? I won't hold my breath.
For Italian in the Buffalo area, this is the place to take out-of-town guests.  Don't take them to Chef's.  Chef's is great for locals but does not really "wow" out-of-towners. Mulberry does, this is the kind of Italian restaurant you would find in Manhattan.  Highly recommended.
Awesome food- serious depth in the flavor dept!! Try it you'll love it!! We had 6 people including 2 children thats split a order of rav with sauce on the side- 2 meatballs parmed for an appetizer, 4 main dishes,dessert,drinks and coffee cost 140.00 plus 30.00 tip. Already planned our next visit !
Totally enjoyed our dining experience at this establishment. My husband and I split lasagne and chicken violanti. We could not decide with dish that we enjoyed more. Our server was very friendly, and the atmosphere was cozy. I will definitely return if ever in the area again.
Out of bounds is a good way to describe the meatball and the lasagna which Guy probably did.  This DDD favorite of mine is a good place for lunch or dinner although you may need a nap after the lunch because the portions are large.  The lasagna is different because they use their meatballs, Italian Sausage, and chicken in between the hand made pasta.  Highly recommended, but make reservations for dinner especially on the weekend!  Good service paired with the great  food makes this place five stars.
Sharing a meal with my beloved is always a lovely time, but even better when we are celebrating something. My husband is not a fan of Italian food, so to celebrate our first wedding anniversary I asked him to take us here. He made the reservations and I assured him he would find something to eat that he enjoyed. (I was right, per usual) Had a res for Saturday night, which was a good thing because the restaurant was full and stayed that way til we left! We arrived early and sat at the bar and got some wine. Reasonably priced glasses, most were about $6 I think. The Montepulciano I had was very drinkable. We were seated in the back room which I was pleased about, the front bar area has almost a sports bar feel. The back is still pretty loud, but has lights strung above and is a little more intimate. Being the planner that I am, we took a look at the menu beforehand and had pretty much planned our attack. Started with the caprese salad and of course, a meatball. The mozzarella was very mild and creamy, the tomatoes and basil tasted very fresh. The meatball was delicious and as big as you've heard. For our entrees I ordered the gnocchi with a meatball and my husband got the lasagna. The gnocchi, as other reviewers have described, are fluffy pillows of carby goodness. I was practically shoveling them into my mouth. The lasagna is enormous and was enjoyed by my Italian-food disliking hubs. We got coffee and tiramisu for dessert. The tiramisu was a little bland, but we were so full that it didn't matter much. Not the most romantic or intimate setting, it's pretty loud and a small space. But the food is delicious and I can't wait to go back!
I visited here a few weeks ago for the first time and I can believe it took me that long. It's located in the midst if a neighborhood in Lackawanna and its very charming. We came here for a celebration dinner and were expecting an average experience but got one that we quite exceptional. It was a Wednesday evening with more than the expected dinner crowd. We had reservations and upon entering the restaurant we were greeted very pleasantly and prompted seated. Our server came over an greeted us shortly thereafter, informed us from the specials and gave us time to decide what we wanted. I would most definitely recommend the meatball as an appetizer. It's a giant meatball smothered in marinara sauce that comes sliced and is made for sharing. It had lots of flavor an we devoured it a little too quickly. The lasagne was also AMAZING. The sauce has so much flavor. Over all the experience was fantastic. Great service, fantastic food all for a reasonable price. For two people ordering an app, entrees, a bottle of wine and dessert the total was just under $100. Celebration or not I'll be there again soon. Absolutely worth a try!
The food was just ok. I've eaten at nice places all over the US for my job for many years, so I know and can appreciate good cuisine.  This was my 2nd time here- so I have to help you people out :) The signature lasagna was cold in the middle even After reheating attempts. Shrimp ravioli special had no identifiable shrimp pieces in them. What restaurant this day and age can't separate a check with a Micros ordering system? They state the system not capable?!? I needed a separate check for corporate expense account.. Get your stupid act together Mulberry's. Bush league at best..will never return.
I just realized I've never written a review on this amazing restaurant!! I absolutely love Mulberry! I've gone there quite a few times with Brad and once with his parents. It is about a 30 min drive but so worth it!! I always get the Ricotta Gnocchi and meatball. Their gnocchi are like small, warm, soft little pillows I want to take a nap on. I have been begging Brad to replicate them (he makes homemade gnocchi) but he always fails. Right now, writing this, I am craving some. It will always be the dish I get there. The meatball it comes with is huge. When I talk about it, I tell people it's the size of a baby's head. And that is no exaggeration. The meatball has been hit-or-miss for me. I remember one time I went and it was too peppery. But I still ate the whole thing. The whole dish is huge. I think it lasts me 3 meals. And the gnocchi are still quite good once they are reheated. I would definitely recommend Mulberry! Just make sure to make a reservation. It is quite a small restaurant. I am now drooling and am probably going to make a reservation to go back next week...
Mulberry's is practically hidden in an industrial Lackawanna neighborhood. Before you go consult Google Maps because this place is oddly located and can be difficult to find. Once there, Mulberry's is a tastefully decorated Italian Bistro with incredible classic Italian dishes. For appetizers we shared the Stuffed Banana Peppers and Mulberry Meatball which were both big enough for a meal. The meatball was so moist, flavorful and delicious. For dinner I had the Homemade Manicotti served with another of those incredible meatballs. My wife had the lasagna. We both tried a portion of each others meals and were blown away at how delicious everything was. And the service? Superb. Our waitress was funny, friendly, and attentive. Could the best Italian restaurant be tucked away in Lackawanna? If you're an Olive Garden fan, well, I feel bad for you. Broaden your horizon's by visiting a real Italian ristorante. Start with Mulberry's, but be forewarned - No unlimited salad and bread sticks here.
Mulberry has been on my Buffalo restaurant bucket list now for quite some time and this past Saturday I was finally able to check it off! My husband and I made reservations for Saturday evening at 8:00 pm, upon arrival I immediately noticed how crowded it still was and I overheard there was a 45 minute wait for a table without reservations! I took it is a good sign that most people were willing to wait out for a late dinner, this food must be good! The atmosphere is very cool, low lights, lively crowd at the bar and a lot of cool decor to look at it while waiting. We were seated promptly at 8:00 pm and our waitress immediately took our drink orders and left us with some warm bread, which anyone who knows me, is one of my favorite parts of an Italian dinner. I went into this dinner with a pretty good idea of what I wanted but I browsed the menu to get an idea of what was available and went with my gut, Chicken Parm. My husband ordered the lasagna which was on the specials menu for the evening. Our food came out in record time and damn, was it good! When Mike and I are enjoying our food, you typically won't hear many words exchanged, just a whole lot of "mmms" and "oh wows"! I could not finish my meal because the portion was overwhelming but Mike conquered his tower of lasagna. Due to the size of those meals we chose to skip dessert, I just couldn't bear the thought of eating anymore! Although those choices looked real tempting so maybe next time I will have to save room! Overall, Mulberrys nails it, the food, atmosphere and staff are all excellent. I would highly recommend taking the drive out to Lackawanna to check out this hidden gem!
Delicious & the service was excellent. Bring your appetite! The portions are huge. The lasagna can feed 2 people. The dinner comes with a salad as well. The cannoli was yummy too. It was busy for a Tues night, but it had great energy. Not hard to find either. Just off Rte 5.
Definitely one of the better Italian joints in the city. My husband always orders their lasagna which is a different stuffing each time.  Its huge.  Speaking of huge. ... their meatballs are big enough to be a meal. Gnocchis are homemade and amazing. Expect a wait add they are always packed
First of hopefully many times now at Mulberrys.  Tucked away off route 5 this is the best Italian in all of Buffalo.  Our party of 4 started off with their Famous Mulberry Meatball.  It was served sliced which is perfect for sharing and smothered in cheese.  The meat had the right amount of spice and was perfectly cooked.  We then had 3 orders of chicken parm and I was the lone wolf and ordered Lasagna.  The lasagna changes nightly and I more than lucked out this evening.  It contained beef pork and Italian sausage.  Like the meatball, the flavor was perfect.  The sauce is also amazing, not overly sweet or too chunky.  The chicken parm was simply a massive portion.  Two means, three if you portion it out.  The breading is delicious and the chicken was moist and flavorful.  Mulberrys is a definite must for any Italian lover.
This place has it all.  Good food and great atmosphere and reasonable prices.  It is in the strangest location (very out of the way).  But is is well worth the trip.  There is something about it that you just feel comfortable.   Been there a few times before and had some of their Italian food with red sauce.  This time however I tried their scallop in cream sauce special.  It was OUT of this WORLD delicious.
The Best Italian food in Buffalo beside my grandmother's. I recommend the Hop Pepper soup when it's on the menu.
Everything is excellent.. Lasagna, chicken Parmesan, meat balls etc... The food has exquisite taste. Great atmosphere. Just service could use a little help, other than that I love coming here.
Truly a gem 1st time here tonight Friday the 25th food was great and service was great also very good menu will have to go back a few times to try everything. Parking is a problem but I would walk a block or two to eat here..................................
I am dropping a star because I am angry about my visit last night. Hubby and I stopped in because we noticed tasty changes in their menu. Additions that screamed "eat me!". We were seated at the smallest, rockiest two top that I have ever seen. Shame on me for not asking to be relocated. Waitress arrived, in a manner of speaking, and asked if we were ready to order. We were provided with regular menu and specials menu and of course my fav, the WINE LIST!! After selecting our libation in bottle form, I proceeded to order a lovely app that I've had previously - stuffed squash blossoms only to be be shot down mid-sentence. I was informed that if these lovely little savory flowers were not on the "Specials" menu, they were not available. OK. I ordered the beet salad "from the specials menu" and was informed that it was no longer offered.  Whoa, did I slip through some looking glass?? I pointed out my selection and the waitress agreed. It could be purchased off of the specials. Blah, blah, blah. Hubby requested the lamb/risotto special for his main done medium rare. Waitress told him it's done one way, no special requests (which she recanted shortly thereafter). I ordered the Chitarra Al Pomodoro.  Simple and easy. But nothing ever is. Food arrived per a third party. Here I must digress, the beet salad. Wow. Roasted golden and red beets. Topped with pea shoots and pom seeds with a burata portion in the middle.  Balsamic over all. I am a beet fan and I was in beet heaven. I tasted the lovely mix in the center and wondered "what am I partaking of???".  I associate burata with heirloom tomatoes however it worked wonderfully here. Chitarra Al Pomodoro, well, lovely. Perfectly put together with a nice spaghetti. Much better than the house sauce that comes with the godzilla meatball. My issue. Our waitress was pretty much not around much. She had three tables to attend to versus other servers who had more. She was also the chatty kind who didn't know when to zip the lips. I ordered a second bottle of very pricey wine and her comment was "Wow, you guys are going for it!!"..and the "Are you guys saving room for dessert?" insert smileys here. I spend, as does my husband, lots o cash on dining fine. When I do I do not expect to be chatted to during my selections or re-orders.  Fine servers should be seen and not heard. Like the children I wish I had and not the one's I'm saddled with. Good restaurant..needs better help.
This is by far my most favorite Italian restaurant in Buffalo, and I'm a picky Italian! No matter what item you choose on the menu, you will be impressed. They also have daily specials that are always different, and always perfect. The pasta is cooked al dente all the time, the flavors are just right and genuine. The lasagna is a classic, and can easily feed two. Their appetizers are also very good (try the meatball!), and their homemade pappardelle are a favorite of mine, no matter the sauce. Great and speedy service too.
Mullberry is one of those restaurants that I've heard about for years but never made it to until recently. As a local guy I've always had my preference for either Amici in Kenmore of Chef's for Italian in Buffalo, but after going to Mulberry I can happily say its right up there with the best. I've been here twice in the past few months and both times have been fantastic! The place has your standard older buffalo and NYC pictures and jerseys on the wall around the large bar and definitely feels a little more relaxed than some Italian restaurants. The wine list is as extensive as you'd expect, while beers are standard and bottles only. For appetizers I've had the caprese salad which was essentially a softball sized amount of tomato and cheese alternating in a spherical shape--very cool presentation. The meatball...well if you've heard one thing about this place it's the meatball. It is absolutely the size of a softball and is made with a combination of cuts of meat and couldn't be more delicious. Definitely get it! Entrees I've tried for lunch include the homemade gnocchi (fluffy pillows that melted in my mouth), penne and prosciutto pasta that was just killer, pasta bolognese (possibly the buttery-est meat sauce I've ever tried...incredible), while dinner entrees included eggplant parm that was flawless, and shrimp fra diavlo that may have been a bit too spicy for my liking. In the end if you decide to check this place out (and you should), don't be discouraged if you find it hard to locate for the first time. If you're in a tiny neighborhood near the Ford plant off Route 5 you're probably close. Just keep driving. Favorites: Eggplant parm, bolognese, meatball for an app Not-so-favorites: If they make portion sizes any larger they'd have to clean bits of me off the walls after my inevitable explosion.
I am so sad to say that we will probably never go back to Mulberrys. Not because the food is bad, but the service is horrible! The past 3 times we have been there, the service has dropped the ball. The number 1 issue is with a server named Kim, we had her the past 2 times, and she ruined our whole experience. The minute she gets to your table(after you are already waiting at your table for 10 min) she rushes you to order your drink, appetizer, even your meal! The way she offers you a drink or app, is kind of like how they do it at a chain restaurant, pushy like they have to sell a particular item. This past time when my husband and I took my 87 yr old Grammy she forgot my Grammys coffee, finally when we asked her about it when we got our meals, she said she was brewing a fresh pot- we didn't realize it took 10-15 min to brew coffee?!? She also tried clearing our plates while we were still eating. I could go on and on about her service, but also when we got there, they had said they didn't have my reservation. I called a week prior to make the reservations, the hostess checked the night before, and they had my reservation for the night before. Why do they have my phone number? Should you call if that person doesn't show, or call to confirm, like Tempo? I don't know, the food is good, but we feel, we can go to Tappo and have a great experience, with great food and not have to drive so far. Sorry Mulberrys, but you let us down for the last time.
This place was very good! My friends and I were very satisfied. You need to make a reservation though because there isn't much space and you are crammed into a small area to wait. The good was delicious and our server was very nice. Great food!! Will definitely be back!
I've been here many, many times. I've enjoyed the meatball, which changes ingredients to an extent every time. It is definitely an appetizer to split, since it's so big! I've also had (and liked) the caprese salad as an appetizer. I've tried many of the entrees, and have only had 1 bad experience. I ordered a spicy pasta dish, but received a mushroom dish instead. I was a bit disappointed in this, but I ate it anyways. Either way, I wouldn't go off of this one bad time, since I've been there so many times to say it was certainly a surprise. Atmosphere wise, it's a nice place. It's got a bar side of the restaurant, as well as a dining room side on the other side of the bar. It's decently spaced, so you're not cramped up next to other tables. It's got pictures of New York all over, which is nice or not, depending on New York is your thing. I saw another review that mentions reservations. It's 100% SUPER IMPORTANT to make reservations. I cannot stress that enough. This is just another piece of proof that this place is that great. I made a reservation for Friday on Wednesday, and I had to either pick 5:15, or 7:30. All in all, I think you should go here. It's a bit away from Buffalo, but it's worth every minute of the ride!
When Julie C invited me out to the Mulberry, I no idea what to expect. But since the Mulberry has apparently claimed the domains "WorldFamousLasagna.com" and "WorldFamousMeatball.com," I had an inkling. (I specifically avoided watching the episode of "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" featuring the same, as I wanted it to be at least a little bit of a surprise.) And thus I found myself cruising out over the Skyway, out to Bethlehem Park, the land that Bethlehem Steel forgot. Jackson Street, on which the restaurant is located, is a residential street in the midst of this middle-class neighborhood, set among grim factories and grain elevators. It's an unlikely locale for upscale Italian fare, but there it sits, a pleasant surprise on the curve of the road, with a parking area crammed with cars. At lunchtime on a Friday, it was surprisingly packed with people, mostly middle-aged folks and families, mingling around the bar and laughing. The main room is all hardwood, and it echoed with the sound. For some reason, I'd pictured old-school fine dining -- the kind of place with aging professional waiters shuffling across wine-colored carpets, with linens slung over their arms and  five minutes' worth of specials memorized in their heads. But this was a far more casual South Buffalo scene, lit from above by neon beer signs. And it was CHEAP. Most entrees came in around $10, and as I saw from peeking at other folks' portions, that still got you plenty of food. Another pleasant surprise. Our waitress came quickly, and offered a few excellent suggestions. Within a few moments, boom boom boom came the food. A salad arrived with roasted-tomato dressing on the side: decent, nothing mind-blowing. Then came the arancini, two huge and tasty rice balls in a pool of sauce that weren't afraid to show their big-grained insides. We had to order the meatball, which arrived on a bed of the most perfectly-pillowy housemade gnocci I've ever eaten, each dumpling stuffed with silky ricotta. It's saying something that the Mediterranean soup that arrived alongside almost stole the show, with punchy flavors of feta and olive. (It was so good, Julie C ordered another bowl to take home to her husband.) The tiramisu that came last was a bit anticlimactic, creamy but bland -- but it didn't matter. It's obvious that the Mulberry's savory stuff is the draw, and it's really something special. I'd gladly drive over the Skyway again to take out-of-towners to this Buffalo staple - although the significant carb crash that comes after might make it a little bit treacherous (I haven't wanted a nap that badly in a long time!). Still, it's worth it.
I'd write a huge, sweeping review about this place, but I'm going to keep it to three things: 1. Reservation required. 2. Meatballs the size of softballs. 3. Call ahead to make sure they have zucchini blossoms. Why are you still here?  GO.
My first bit of advice, is make a reservation.  I've been to this place on several occasions, all of which fell on a weekend and its always busy.  I'd hate to be a walk-in on a busy Saturday night, because you'll be hanging by the bar for a while. At first glance, the menu looks small, but fear not, your portions are definitely worthwhile and substantial.  This past Saturday, my group and I made a tour of appetizers, as we have been known to do - the stuffed peppers, zucchini blossoms and aranacini.  The stuffed peppers are a Buffalo staple, and they were quite good.  I have no idea what a zucchini blossom is, how it's made or what part of the zucchini it's from, but it was damn good.  I am an aranacini connoisseur and this one was quite good - small and flavorful.   I had the beet salad, which has been a new item for me lately.  6 beet slices, blue cheese crumbles, greens and it hit the spot.  Very good, served cold and it helped prep me for the next round.   My entrée was the chicken picatta - which was great.  The saltiness of capers always goes well with lemon juice.  I was expecting perhaps a small side of pasta to go along with it, but instead I received broccoli rabe.  Not complaining by any means, I was just expecting the traditional accompaniment.   I also got a meatball, which if you've never had one before, get it.  Its freakin' huuuuge, Buffalo.  Huge.  Definitely a staple at this place and certainly worth the extra calories.   Four Stars, well done.
Tucked away and hidden in the old Bethlehem Park area off Route 5, this place lives up to the recommendations from friends.  Give it 2-thumbs-up and on par with the good Italian restaurants of WNY.  The pepper soup was a nice change. Gnocchi Mulberry was very good and yes the gnocchi do melt in your mouth.  Oh, the Tiramisu was better than most. VERY whipped creamy thick.  Was quite crowded for a Wednesday but only had to wait 10 min's for a table.  Suggest you make  a res. Now Mulberry's is finally off my bucket list but  ......  'I WILL BE BAAAAACK'. Next on the bucket list, for Italian, is Francisco's. But first, Webster's Bistro in N.T. is this weeks planned eatery (again).
This place has an almost cult-like following so I just HAD to try it.  It's even been featured on "Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins" (Maybe not that exact order...but you get the picture). Anyway... "The Mulberry" is tucked away in a residential/industrial area of Lackawanna that I NEVER would have found without my trusted GPS.  The decor is fantastic.  I love the red walls.  It's warm and inviting.  The menu is very complete with old standards as well as inventive specials.  And, the prices are quite reasonable, especially with everything being homemade and the portions being so large. The service was friendly and attentive.  The only thing that I was a tad disappointed in was the food.  Seriously.  It was good, but not great.  I had the manicotti with a meatball and my friend had the gnocchi with a meatball. Both came with a side salad and bread.  The salad was so-so.  The lettuce was a bit wilted and there was only one teeny-tiny grape tomato.  The homemade Italian dressing was very good.  The bread didn't taste home baked and the butter was in little packets (a pet peeve of mine).  The entrees were huge.....especially the meatballs which were easily made of 6 ounces of meat each.  My manicotti was good enough, but the sauce was a bit acidic.  I prefer a smoother sauce.  My friend agreed.  While the pasta was good, the sauce just didn't measure up to that in other places. We passed on dessert.  We were just too full.  But, the waitress said they were all homemade... and they sounded delicious.
Tucked away and hidden in the old Bethlehem Park area off Route 5, this place lives up to the recommendations from friends.  Give it 2-thumbs-up and on par with the good Italian restaurants of WNY.  The pepper soup was a nice change. Gnocchi Mulberry was very good and yes the gnocchi do melt in your mouth.  Oh, the Tiramisu was better than most. VERY whipped creamy thick.  Was quite crowded for a Wednesday but only had to wait 10 min's for a table.  Suggest you make  a res. Now Mulberry's is finally off my bucket list but  ......  'I WILL BE BAAAAACK'. Next on the bucket list, for Italian, is Francisco's. But first, Webster's Bistro in N.T. is this weeks planned eatery (again).
Fantastic dinner. Pasta e fagioli, homemade Caprese, baseball size meatballs, roasted beet salad, E. Wood Big #70 Gnocchi, TV size seven layer lasagna, Tuscan Farmers pasta and chocolate peanut butter torte and a wafer thin mint (Monty Python joke). There were only four of us but there was food for three times as many.
My boyfriend and I love to dine here. The appetizer meatball is the closest i've found to replicating my Nana's. Have never ordered a red sauce as a meal simply because I am from an Italian family, until I came to the Mulberry. The Gnocchi is to die for, the joe shaw is spicy but was not as good as the gnocchi. The eggplant pasta dish, I wouldn't really recommend but it was still good. I have had their banana pepper soup, AWESOME and very spicy. Wine is not too pricey. We never make reservations, always walk in and are seated pretty quickly.
Finally got around to trying Mulberry yesterday and it did not disappoint.  There's a separate area for walk-ins vs. reservations so be prepared to wait a little bit if you come during peak dinner hours.  But the wait was actually enjoyable b/c this place has some of the coolest NY memorabilia hanging from their walls I've ever seen.  From superstar-signed photos and jerseys to what I think is actual Yankee stadium seats in their waiting area, this place is packed with history and we didn't even have time to take it all in. I went w/ the small lasagna packed with italian sausage, veal, mushrooms, banana peppers but this changes nightly.  In retrospect, I wish I had ordered the large just for more shock value but the lasagna was packed with goodness.  It's always weird to me when you can taste every component of a dish w/ so many ingredients, but I guess that means everything's done right.  On top of the lasagna, we each had our own meatball to ourselves.  The $5 meatball is about the size of a softball and I think Guy Fieri said it best (youtube.com/watch?v=6yVm…) as not only did it hold together really well but it just falls apart in your mouth.  Good stuff. Overall, I think this place is best w/ a group of friends rather than a 1-on-1 date b/c it can be a little loud.  But good food and a great atmosphere always makes a winner in my book.
Easily one of my favorite places to eat in the area.  It's great to visit places that make fresh food from scratch daily.  The owner certainly takes pride in his craft.  Meatballs, get them.  Lasagna, amazing. Our server was hilarious and extremely cordial.  Always a great menu, always a great time.  I have nothing bad to say about this place. Make a reservation because sometimes they get packed.
Featured on Diner's, Drive-Ins, and Dives.. Be prepared to wait, esp if you dont have reservations. And dont try to make reservations on the day you want to go - make them a week or so in advance if you want to reserve a particular time slot. They were out of their signature meatballs when we arrived. The hubby can go back without me to try them, but im not interested... Hubby got the lasagna - he really liked it. I got the gnocchi. They use the same generic sauce on all of their pasta dishes, and I thought the sauce was lacking. I had about two bites of the dish, and left hungry, with no intention of ever finishing my leftovers. Sorry, I'm not a fan.
Tonight was our family's  first experience dining at Mulberry's .  We of course were all anxious to try the Giant Meatball .  We ordered it as an appetizer along with the Capresi salad and stuffed banana peppers which we all shared & all of which were excellent !  The food was very good and the service was prompt and courteous.  Our server, Kim was very helpful and answered all our questions about the wine and dinner choices.   We enjoyed her service very much.   It was well worth our trip in from Dunkirk and I'm sure we will return in the near future.   Note:  Be sure to call for reservations and if you want a quieter dining experience ask to be seated in the back room.
June 16, 2007 Although its was a bit difficult to find, this place was well worth the search.  Mulberry's is tucked in the Bethlehem steel park neighborhood a few blocks past Ridge Road (take Madison to the first left Jackson), heading out of the city of Buffalo on Rt. 5. Our party of four chose a Saturday night and had four different delicious dishes.  The Spaghetti & Meatball (just one, but it was huge!) was good with a lightly flavored somewhat sweet Italian sauce, I added parmesan cheese to enhance it.  The Veal Parmagiana was thick, crispy and an oversized portion, topped with homemade mozzarella.  The Pasta Joseph was loaded with shrimp and flavor, not overly garlicky, but a touch spicy.  The rib eye steak was excellent (not atypical in an Italian restaurant) nicely cooked, very tender served with crisp broccoli and fries.   None of us had room for dessert, but I did see the ricotta cheese cake going to another table and the slice was huge like all of the portions at this place.  Good coffee, great service, fair wine selection, good prices. Online menu does not contain all the same dishes as the in house menu, but I am told that if you ask for a particular dish not on the menu they can likely accommodate you.  There were over ten specials that night but since this was our first visit, we chose menu items. Mulberries looks to be a village pub converted to a restaurant.  A bit noisy, but well worth it if you go to eat for the food and not the ambiance.  Ample parking in lot across the street.  We cannot wait to go back again.
This place is DELICIOUS.  I had heard nothing but good things going in, but I was still blown away.  Dress is very casual, which is nice, because the quality of food is something you expect to see as a much fancier restaurant. It gets a bit loud, but it's such a great atmosphere.  The waitress was very nice, and service was all around excellent. Upon perusing the menu for what to order, we both found so many things that sounded good, that we already decided we should come back! The bread and oil was pretty ordinary, but still tasty.  My boyfriend and I split the giant meatball (which I thought was delicious) for an appetizer.  I had the Pollo Saltimbocca, which was very, very delicious.  My boyfriend got the Chicken Parm.  The portion was enormous.  He said it was good, though.  The prices were definitely reasonable for the quality and amount of food. One down side was the noise level, as it did get loud.  My boyfriend and I were also seated in the corner, and in the next room there was a loud machine noise that would start up for a minute or so, then shut off.  It had happened I believe 3 times during the meal.  But overall, a fantastic meal and restaurant.  I definitely plan on going back. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
Just a very brief update. I met some friends who came into town, yesterday before the hockey game.  I suggested we go for dinner and asked what kind of food they were interested in, the response: chicken parm.   So we ended up here. They were absolutely blown away!   The food was fantastic, the portions generous, and the service extraordinarily friendly.  Thank you Joe, Tim, Marilyn, Danielle, and Kim for really helping some Down-easters get their evening in town off to a great start!
This is a wonderful, casual restaurant that suggests reservations on the weekend.  We went last Thursday and it was packed! The food, gorgeous as ever, two in our party had rib eye, one the Rigotoni all Vodka and I opted for the Gnocchi alla Mulberry which was fresh gnocchi, italian sausage, fresh mozzarella and hot cherry peppers over a lovely red sauce.  Two of us split the ricotta cheesecake melba and one on us tried a sample of the tripe appetizer. As per usual, the service was excellent and the entrees so good it will be very hard next time to try something new, but we must, but the last was just sooooo good!
Wow, the Mulberry has really really good red Italian! Spaghetti with the big meat balls, sausage and lasagna - excellent! It is an adventure getting there but it is worth a visit in this old converted house. The servers are great and friendly just as most Buffalonians are. The prices are not cheap but not pricey either. Get there early, it gets busy!
I have been here a handful of times, but all the visits were over 4-5 years ago.  My significant other has never been before, and has been asking for over a year now to dine here.  We just never seem to make our way out to this area, so finally I planned ahead and made a reservation for a celebration dinner. I forgot ahead of time, but I should have requested a table on the right hand side of the restaurant.  It is more intimate and feels a little more like 'fine dining'.  I obviously knew what to expect, but my boyfriend was not impressed with the 'bar side' where we were seated, surrounded by sports memorabilia and red paint.  He said it felt like a 'hole in wall sports bar' (which he actually likes to frequent, but not when going out to a 'nicer' dinner).  Oh well, luckily I was prepared.  Note to self:  request table on other side! Our waitress was friendly and helpful.  When she came to our table we were unsure what kind of wine we wanted to order.  She gave us some suggestions and we said we would just need a minute to decide.  We knew the appetizers we wanted to order:  the famous meatball and the soup of the day, chicken and gnocchi.  We put those orders in and assumed she would be back right away for the wine order.  Well, before she even had a chance to come back, a couple minutes later our meatball and soup came out! By the time we did place our wine order and it arrived to the table, we were done with our appetizers.  That was a little disappointing.  The meatball was good, served with a sweeter sauce.  The soup was a complete disappointment.  This is my favorite kind of soup.  I make it a couple times of the year, homemade.  I assumed ordering this from a 'famous' Italian restaurant I would not be displeased.  Well for $3.99 I received a *very tiny* cup of broth, two pieces of gnocchi, one piece of chicken, and carrots.  You probably could have eaten the entire thing in 5-6 spoonfuls, yet I didn't even finish it.  I didn't feel like getting full on carrots and broth.  Finally our wine came, and we were pleased with our waitress's recommendation, which was an Italian bottle of Santa Christina, a red dry wine. For our entrées were ordered the: 'Homemade ricotta gnocchi Mulberry' with sausage and hot peppers and melted mozzarella cheese, and the 'Joe Shaw rigatoni' with a spicy tomato cream sauce, 'chicken' and hot peppers.  Needless to say, we like spicy, hot dishes; and that they were! I loved the Joe Shaw rigatoni, the sauce was perfect! My boyfriend was disappointed in the serving of chicken - or lack there of.  There really wasn't much chicken in the dish at all.  And the chicken that WAS in the dish was small crumbled up pieces.  I would have preferred more meat in the dish as well, but I felt like everything else was so delicious it made up for it.  We were both thoroughly impressed with the homemade ricotta gnocchi.  Like everyone says, the gnocchi were 'tender little pillow that melt in your mouth'. The sausage was delicious and plentiful (I borrowed some and put it in the other entrée).   Both entrees also came with a side salad. Overall, I was impressed with the amount of food we received for the price we paid.  We slipped out with a $70 something dollar bill, which included a bottle of wine, two appetizers, two salads, and two entrees. It was definitely worth it.  I would give Mulberry's 3.5 stars because of some of the hiccups mentioned, but I guess I will round up to 4.
Rating based solely on the lasagna.  Literally the best lasagna I've ever had.  Thin pasta, between seven layers of goodies such as sausage, veal, chicken, ricotta... it changes every day and is absolutely delicious.  I'm Italian, grew up outside of Boston, and have eaten Italian all my life.  This, ladies and gentlemen, is an absolutely outstanding lasagna.   The decor is nice, the other dishes were pretty good as well, everything else gets a 4/5.
This restaurant comes up when you google "best italian restaurant in Buffalo," and it probably is some of the best Italian food i've had.  It's not quite in Buffalo, but its about a 20 minute drive from downtown.   If you decide to come here to eat, be prepared to wait or make reservations.  My friend and I made reservations on a Monday night, and the earliest they could get us in that night was 8 o'clock.   We ordered a few appetizers to share.  The stuffed mushrooms were really good.  They were stuffed with sausage and covered with mozzarella cheese.  We also ordered the Spiedini di Mozzarelly alla Russo, which was a chunk of fresh mozzarella cheese with a pesto sauce.  Both dishes were delicious. For the main course, I ordered the Lasagna, which changes daily.  That night it was stuffed with veal, sausage, and slices of their famous meatball.  The portion was huge, and all the meat made the dish filling.  I could only eat 1/3 of it.  The sauce was really good too.  It was a bit spicy, but thats what I loved about it.  My friend ordered the spaghetti with a meatball.  Even though it came with one meatball, it was huge.  Probably bigger than a tennis ball, and tasted amazing.  My other friend ordered the fish of the day.  It was okay, but not one of the best dishes of the night.  Overall it was a really good meal.  I would definitely go back again.
God do I wish this restaurant was located in NYC because it sure belongs here!! (It IS named after Mulberry Street). I came here on my trip to Buffalo and lucky me knew the wonderful hostess who works here, who, during our conversation about food mentioned that this place was on Diners, Dine-In's and Drives! That sealed the deal and we made plans to come here for lunch. You could never have thought that a gem like this would be located in a neighborhood so ... let's just say it wasn't the nicest part of town (no offense to anyone). Anywhoo, I was blown away by the TASTE and creativity of the dishes. I couldn't stop eating the Roasted Pepper Bisque (special of the day) and the Roasted Beet salad with Gorgonzola had a great flavor profile (eating this salad made me feel like I was at a restaurant in NYC). Now to the main dish - Lobster Ravioli! I still can't stop thinking about this dish. I loved everything from the sauce - creamy, tomato/onion based delicious goodness to the lobster stuffing. Perfect ratio of the sweet tasting lobster and ricotta cheese. Delish! Then we treated ourselves to the following deserts: cheesecake, canoli, and the tiramisu. You can't go wrong with any of those. ALL TO DIE FOR!!! And ALL made on premise!  Oh before I forget... the bartender made us a "surprise" martini and let me just say she is one talented young lady!! It was a genius concoction of bitterness/sweetness/saltiness/ and yumminess! So, this is my place to go too every time I go back to visit. I can't wait to see you again Mulberry!
Ok I'm kind of done with all of the red sauce smothered entrees in Buffalo, but Mulberry has put a spell on me. The location is crazy... in the middle of a working class neighborhood in the shadows of a steel mill.  The space is small and almost cramped, but it works.  (Oh and one side is definitely more of a bar than the other so keep that in mind when you make reservations... And you need to make reservations) the wait staff is great!  Fast, knowledgable, helpful and friendly  but not fake nice.   I skipped the red sauce entrees and went with some apps instead.  How can they make something as simple as beans and greens taste so amazing!?! I don't know but I would eat a bowl of it again right now!   Our party also got the lasagna (huge hit and huge portion) and a seasonal ravioli dish that unusual and outstanding! The desserts were great too! I have to admit, I wasn't wowed with the menu before I went (a friend made the reservation) but somehow mulberry makes usual sounding dishes taste extraordinary! They won me over!
We stopped by for lunch amidst a road trip.  This place was perfect. It's nestled in a neighborhood, almost thought we were lost. Being later afternoon it wasn't too busy. Staff was crazy nice, tried the soup on the lunch special (tomato sausage florentine), it was amazing. I had the cheese ravioli, hubby had the spaghetti, both of us got a meatball. The meatball is like nothing you've ever had before. It's the size of a softball, and the flavor is just out of this world, and it melts in your mouth!   If I'm ever this far north again I'll be stopping back.
I can't say enough good things about this place! I took my parents here for their anniversary. We were looking for a restaurant that was sort of "up scale" yet not terribly pricey with a good atmosphere and settled upon Mulberry's. The food was FANTASTIC. The appetizer (stuffed banana peppers), entrees (highly recommend the manicotti--melt in your mouth delicious), as well as dessert (Nutella cannoli. OMG) were all phenomenal. Our server was excellent also, I believe her name was Ashley. Bottom line: eat here. Bring your appetite!
I have been to Mulberrys several times. The food is always top notch and I have always enjoyed each experience. Tonight I dined with family and I have a few complaints. I do want to say the food was excellent as always. Our reservations were for 8pm. If you are going to rush us out by carpet sweeping and not bringing more coffee and water during and after dessert then don't take reservations at 8pm. Carpet sweeping while people are dining is unacceptable. The waitress was friendly but seemed more interested in sitting with the other staff at the bar and we had to ask for another glass of water twice. We all had drinks, so it wasn't that we ordered just water. After spending $200 between the bar and dinner I would have expected more attention and better quality service. I'll write this off as Monday night in a restaurant but hope the next time I visit there will be zero carpet sweeping and a little more attention to the needs of the table.
Amazing. Tucked away but went with my family of 5 and had great service! From the caprese (which you have to get - has red and yellow tomatoes, pickled onions) to Arancini, to enormous chicken parm..the food was fantastic.
After 30 plus years in the area, I left in 2007 for the deep south.  On a visit back for the Bills home opener, I was treated to the new place in Lackawanna.  Despite driving through Lackawanna for years, I had never been off of Rt 5 nor even had a desire to.  So, it was quite a surprise to find this cute little restaurant buried in the remains of Bethlehem. Parking is a little tricky, there is a small lot which is likely never empty.  We didn't have any trouble finding convenient, free parking on the street. The outside isn't anything to write your architect about, classic Lackawanna for the purist.  Inside, nice decor, classic Italian bar/restaurant set up, lots of pictures on the walls.  Clean, bright, makes you want to eat there.   We had reservations so there was no waiting.  Great service, we were seated quickly, drink orders were taken and filled in a timely manner.  Service through out the meal was excellent.   The food was as good as or better than any Italian restaurant in the Buffalo area.  Pasta Fagioli was excellent, practically a meal in itself.  I passed on the meatball appetizer but did watch several members of the party gobble them down.  They are enormous.  The reaction you will have after finishing the meatballs is "who is going to eat my entree?" The entrees were all high quality, everything was very good.  Meal size is substantial.  I can't imagine how anyone can leave here hungry.  We had a fair amount of food boxed for snacks the next day.   Because I skipped the meatball for soup, I was able to try the Canoli. Good move! Interesting aside, the staff accidentally threw out the food we sent back to be boxed.  They replaced them with whole entrees ...... Highly recommend, great meal.  Can't speak to the cost, I was treated.  However, this was good enough that I would go back with my own money.
I really enjoy going to Mulberry's.  Out of the tons of great Italian joints throughout the WNY area, I'd have to say that this is up there on the list of the better ones.  They are named after the famous street Mulberry in NYC's little Italy, and the theme remains consistent within the restaurant with its photographs and decor on the walls.  The bar is large and welcoming, and they usually are always packed.  The were also featured on the Food Network which I think adds to the appeal. I really liked their lasagna- its huge.  But talk about huge, try their meatball!  It literally feeds four people.  I would go back for the meatball alone.   MMMM.
Great food and prices. Forget Chef's, this place is the real deal, and the lasagna is amazing!
I don't know what I was expecting my first time here but this was amazing! I had the manicotti which was heaven in my mouth.  I enjoyed every bite. yum
What a gem.  Hidden the Lackawanna (Lack-a-money, as I call it), in the ruins of the rust belt is the best Italian food I've encountered in Buffalo.  The wine list is great, the service was attentive, but it is a small place and draws a crowd, so be prepared for a little bit of noise.   Unfortunately, Mulberry's doesn't accept reservations on weeknights, so you'll have a bit of a wait.  But, the food makes it worth it.  Wednesday nights feature fresh gnocchi, which is excellent.  The vodka sauce is to die for.  I'd fully recommend making the gaunt over the Skyway to this place, tucked away behind the Mittal steel facility.
So, if you're in Lackawana, and want to eat someplace nice, this may be your ONLY choice. I wasn't sure whether they rated 3 or 4 stars, but I'm giving 4 partly because they are trying, and partly because it's probably a tough location. If you don't know where this place is, you're not alone. It's right in the middle of a small residential neighborhood, completely surrounded by the remaining and the abandoned steel mills. If I could nit-pick about any single thing, it was the cocktails served at the bar. My partner had a martini, which was 9it seemed), almost all gin. My whiskey sour, OTOH, was weak, and, inexplicably, served in a beer glass (???!!!). It was weak, and rather awful. I guess you can't get a good cocktail in most Buffalo restaurants. The wine list was fairly comprehensive, especially for such a small neighborhood restaurant. We ordered a stuffed zucchini blossom appetizer, which was nice, but for $8.50, you would expect to get more than just 2. I am, however, giving them credit for this dish, because  few Italian places seem to make these anymore. On to the dinner. I ordered a chicken saltimbocca (strangely, they didn't offer a veal version, which most Italian places do), and my partner ordered a pasta dish. The chicken saltimbocca was huge! It was a bit on the sweet side, but otherwise was quite nice, albeit a bit non-traditional. My partner's pasta dish was smaller, and he said it was a bit bland, lacking in herbs and spices. Still, for the price (and the locale), it was pretty good. Also, you certainly don't need to dress up for this place. The man in the next table was dressed like 'Larry the cable guy' for dinner, although a lot of the older crowd still make a point of dressing relatively well when eating here. All in all, I would say it's worth about 3.5 stars. **update** Upon finishing my leftovers from this dinner, I found out that, despite convention, what LOOKED like prosciutto under the rather heavy glaze was not. In fact, I guess it was just some basting sauce put on it to look like the prosciutto. So, since it looks like they cheaped-out more than I thought, I'm lowering my review to 3 stars.
Mulberry's is one of my favorite resturant's in WNY. I have been there around 5 times in the past few years and I always think I am getting solid value for the price. My standby order is the Homemade Ricotta Gnocci with red sauce and the large meatball. Most people hype the meatball but to me the Gnocci is the star of the show. Red sauce is very subjective, personally I like it but I understand that some may not. I usually finish off the gnocci and take the meatball home for lunch the next day. Meatball sandwich - yes please.
Plain and simple, this place was a game changer for me.  I sought this place out because for the first time ever we decided we do the "Triple Ds" road trip thing.  I know it sounds cliche but it was a fun little addition to our Niagara trip.  We hit up 3 featured restaurants, this one being the middle one. The location stumped me a bit.  As we neared the address I just couldn't convince myself this was the right direction.  1/4 mile from a stretch of desolate factories and hidden within a tightly packed residential area... but there it was. I won't try to repeat too much of what has already been said in other reviews but every single meal at our table was raved about.  Pork Shank, Penne Silveri, Chix Parm, the house Lasagna, and of course, a famous Meatball.  I tried a bite of everyone's dish and it was all delicious.  Mine was the lasagna and it was the absolute best I have had in my life. I mentioned game changer, best Italian meal of my life, one of the top dishes I have ever eaten.  I was gobsmacked at the size of the portion, but then counting the layers, about 8 of them in all, cheesy, meaty, a bit spicy.  Only after I had left there did I catch the video on how it was made.  We made sure to buy a styrofoam cooler just to make sure we could get all the leftovers home when we made our trip back the following day.  The meatball was exceptional as well, and having attended the Fisherman's Feast in the North End and another Italian place shortly after that, I had a good frame of reference. I have no idea where the folks were eating that said they felt the portion size was small.  Perhaps that was lunch sizes, but not a one of us finished our meals despite our best efforts.   Any trips west on I-90 from Boston now REQUIRE a stop at this establishment.  Top notch eats.
Simply the best. Can't beat their red sauce. I grew up in Brooklyn and like to think that I tried my share of American Italian restaurants and Mulberry's is on the same rank as some of the Brooklyn's best Italian Restaurants. Everything is always perfectly cooked and seasoned. Great value for the amount of food and great service.
If you want to stop in and try out their amazing dishes without the wait. Try going in for lunch or some time in the late afternoon. In a recent trip to the Southtowns we stopped here and their food and portion sizes never stop amazing me. We had a fantastic meal in the middle of the afternoon.
Was there Thursday night. The hostess was nasty and rude. Not just to my party, i heard her with other guests. Should be fired. The food was great, as usual. The meatball did seem smaller though.
Our favorite place to eat a nice Italian dinner. My personal favorite dish is the eggplant parm. Must get a reservation a day ahead of time to ensure you can get in.
I really wish I could give negative stars for this. I was here earlier last summer and wasn't really impressed, but sadly my Mom loves this place and wanted to go back for a belated Mother's Day dinner. For starters, the calamari were rubbery and over cooked, and the sauce that they had was gag worthy;either the plate they served was just leftovers form the other night popped into the oven for a quick heat up, or they just don't know how to cook decent squid. The Chicken Marsala was pretty good, but its a pretty basic and easy to cook Italian dish so no real redemption points for that. Now it is time to talk about the Bolognese, my Brother and I had a few tastes of this and decided that something tasted a bit like penicillin on it, of course we sent it back right away and was replaced with the rib eye. A sample of the stuffed trout was sent out for my brother to try, a few recommendations for anyone who is considering cooking trout: DON'T STUFF IT, EVER! The wait staff is very responsive, and was really helpful in fixing the fuzzy blunder. Really this place is only good for a couple of drinks at the bar if you live in the neighborhood.
Amazing!  Delicious generous portions of perfection!  We shared lasagna, eggplant, meatballs, and the chicken "V" and finished with a nutella cannoli that was heaven! Service was excellent, we had reservations for a Tuesday night.  This was a highlight of our convention visit to Buffalo.  We came from Long Island and are no strangers to Italian cooking but this was memorable!  C
Every time I visit Mulberry, I am never disappointed! This is my favorite restaurant for Italian food in Buffalo, hands down! The service is excellent, the food is amazing and there is a great selection of wine. The lasagna is always a must have! It was filled with meatball, Italian sausage and shredded pork last night! Outstanding to say the least.
I had the best manicotti I've ever had at Mulberry's a few weeks ago. I brought the giant meatball home for a friend. My dining companions enjoyed their meals very much. We got a lot of food (soup, salad, entree, great bread) for a fantastic price, too.
Saw the big meatballs from Mulberry on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on the Food Network and I was pretty much sold! They are BIG! And quite delicious actually. The tomato sauce was tasty too. So when you combine flavorful giant meatballs with a yummy tomato sauce, it's a winner. My fiance ordered their lasagna and it was tasty too. We arrived just 10min before the kitchen was about to close for dinner but still managed to get our food. The service was friendly and attentive, especially for a bar-type atmosphere. Getting there is a tad weird but just look it up on Google Maps or your GPS and you'll be good to go. There's parking available across the street - free (we think so anyway). Definitely will take the parents next time we're in town!
LOVE this place.  One of my favorite restaurants. Such a hidden gem.  THE BEST homemade Italian food. The Meatball appetizer is a MUST.  Lobster Ravioli - YUM!  Eggplant Parm- The Best! The portions are HUGE and the prices are reasonable.  This place blows Salvatore's "Italian" Gardens out of the water.
The absolute best food I have ever had in Buffalo.  Weird out of the way location in a small neighborhood on the South side of Buffalo.  Easy to get to from downtown.  Great food - all homemade!!!  Check it out on the Foodnetwork site.  You won;'t be diasppointed.
Wow. What can I say. This out-of-the way Italiant joint just keeps on surprising you. The location and building don't look like much, but it is well-done on the inside. The meal is perfect and the food quality is excellent. You've got to try their signature meatballs and also the daily special lasagna.
Fantastic! Mozz and pesto dish is out if this world. Meatballs are as good as promised. Must try!
Yes.. The meatballs are the size of a softball. Very good too.   Restaurant is a little off the beaten path in a residential area. Thank you to the steel plant not being in full swing like 30 yrs ago. Don't know if I could eat in the area with that cloud that used to hang over Lackawanna:/  really can't miss no matter what you get, even the salmon special was really good! Everything from seating to staff to service went really well.
Despite some of the negative reviews, I decided to try Mulberry Italian Ristorante and I have to say, I enjoyed their food very much.  My friend and I ordered Pollo Saltimbocca and Gnocchi with mushrooms.  The chicken dish was above average, at best, but the gnocchi was excellent!  We went on a weekday, without a reservation, and we had to wait about 20 minutes but it wasn't too bad.  I was able to avoid having to park my car along the ghetto street so I was happy. Few key points: 1. You do NOT have to have reservation to eat here.  Expect to wait without a reservation but reservation is certainly not required. 2. You don't have to pay for parking and the restaurant has 2 lots for customer parking.  If those lots are full, you can always park along the street but Jackson Ave is a bit sketchy. 3. When you're driving to the restaurant, you'll be asking yourself, "Is the restaurant in someone's house?"  The restaurant is actually in a residential area at the end of Jackson Ave. 4. I hate going to restaurants where they charge you an arm and a leg for a kid's meal.  Their portions are sizable so you, most likely, won't be disappointed. 5. It's LOUD here!!  Ask to be seated in the room without the bar.  You'll thank me as it's extremely loud there and people are constantly walking around, which can be quite distracting. 6. Dress is casual, although you'll find many people who dress up to eat here.  Most of those people, however, were at the bar. 7. Service was good.  I know it depends on who you get as your waiter/waitress but at least from my observing our waitress and those around us, it seems like they actually care about their customers.
I'm always inclined to visit a restaurant that has received some exposure on television.  Despite the program's often vexatious host, I'm generally attracted by restaurants I see on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  When I visit a restaurant, I'm not looking for a bargain, nor am I in search of a pretentious ambiance.  I simply want generous portions of delicious food. Mulberry exceeded my expectations in both of these categories.  The interior was intimate, a trendy design betrayed greatly by the building and location.  If you plan on going, you'll have to trust me and the other reviewers that there is actually a restaurant, open for business, at this location.  Mulberry is on a narrow one-way street in a small working-class neighborhood, nestled among decaying factories and grain elevators which now serve as monuments to Buffalo's past as an industrial giant and its recent decline.  Parking is limited, although to be honest I'm not sure how large the restaurant was.  There were about twenty tables in the main area and there was another room behind the bar, into which I was never quite able to see.  Definitely make reservations, because I couldn't foresee a weekend where the place wasn't packed. The menu is of a fair size.  Mulberry is exactly the type of Italian restaurant I love best:  they have a good mix of traditional Italian (think: covered in red sauce) and more inspired dishes.  It's unfortunate that most people where I live (Binghamton) are only interested in the former.  Sometimes, dishes of that nature are what I want, but it's criminal to limit the vast Italian palate to just these sorts of entrees. Our meal began with bread and salad.  Mulberry offers four housemade dressings.  I opted for the Italian, as I always do at a new Italian restaurant.  I'm nothing if not formulaic in my restaurant behavior.  The dressing was decidedly average.  My companion chose the balsamic, which both of us enjoyed.  The bread was similarly average; it was warm but not in the fresh out of the oven sense.  It was tasty enough, but nothing I would go out of my way for. The entree, however, separated this from just another Italian restaurant into a place to which I'll be clamoring to return, the next time I'm in Buffalo and in the mood for Italian.  I opted for their lasagna, which isn't even on the menu because it sells out so quickly they don't want to set patrons up for disappointment.  My choice was another move in my classic canon:  I always choose what a place advertises as its specialty.  According to the television segment (prominently posted on the restaurant's website), the lasagna is constructed from homemade noodles.  The filling consisted of ricotta cheese, slices of their baseball-sized meatballs, pepperoni (!), Italian sausage, and ground beef.  I, for one, had never heard of pepperoni in lasagna but I welcomed its appearance.  The lasagna was available in small and large portions, and I of course opted for the large.  It was massive.  The piece resembled an average-sized greeting card.  This exceeded my expectations, even having seen a piece on television and hearing people talk about how big it was.  My eyes lit up immediately upon being presented with such a large portion. Could the taste live up to the presentation?  Yes, and then some.  It was simply the best lasagna I've ever eaten.  I felt like Garfield scarfing it down.  There was such a tremendous layer of meat that I imagine it takes one of their entire meatballs to produce a square.  In addition to the other meats!  The pepperoni proved to be a nice accent, and the ricotta was nicely seasoned.  The sauce was excellent as well, not too sweet or too tangy, a very middle-of-the-road sauce. My companion ordered one of the night's specials, a scallop carbonara with escarole and speck, in a garlic broth.  It sounded delicious, but the portion was small (in my opinion, not hers).  It was OK, but I'm admittedly not the biggest fan of scallops.  My companion enjoyed the meal quite a bit. In summary, Mulberry can hold its own against any of Buffalo's myriad Italian restaurants.  The only downside is the drive.  While I relish the chance to go out of my way for a meal, I understand the majority of my peers do not.  It's especially treacherous if the Skyway is closed, or conditions are bad, as they were when I visited.  Still, I wholeheartedly recommend Mulberry for an excellent meal, at a reasonable price.
Just went today for a late lunch. Food was phenomenal. I had the chicken parm and my date had the manicotti and we shared a softball sized meatball that was pure perfection. Service was great. Could see where parking would be tricky if we had went at a busier time of day. If you have the chance you have to give it a try. We will definitely be back.
Pretty popular restaurant in the Buffalo area since they were featured on a Food Network show. Went there with the family for a big family dinner- and there were mixed reviews around the table. Appetizers were good but wayyy to small for the price. I had the Chicken Saltambuca which was good although the sauce was a little too sweet. My husband and dad had their famous lasagna- my husband loved it, my dad did not (although this was due to some spiciness that he was not warned about) Service was somewhat "Buffalo rude", not exactly professional. Their prices have increased and therefore the service should fit the quality they are trying to portray.
Super good food, huge servings. Fresh pasta yummy
This is a authentic italian Restaurant. The service , food and ambience is subperb! I have not had one thing on the menu that was not completely enjoyed. See you this Christmas. When in Buffalo, you must dine here. Hard to find but worth getting lost for
Get ready to stuff your face and enjoy some of Buffalos BEST italian cuisine. With the meatballs the size of a softball and fresh made lasagna every day you can't go wrong. Everything is in-house made and the staff is outstanding. You HAVE to go to Mulberrys.
The lasagna was delicious and the interior is more spacious than impressions of the exterior would imply. Be sure to verify the hours as our first attempt was thwarted when the parking lot mislead us into thinking they were serving the public when it was actually reserved for a wedding party. It's nestled in the middle of a subdivision of the stereotypical type matching the industrial surroundings, so you may think you're on the wrong street at first.
I drove from Walden, NY to get some food here because I saw it on TV. I LOVED it! it was well worth the drive. If I go back to Buffalo for a hockey game, I'll eat there again. I was with a group of 6 and we all loved it and shared so we all got to sample the menu. Great food.
Great ambiance! Fantastic food! Portions were too big...Everyone in our party took at least half the meal home. Fun bar! Definitely a favorite! Only downside: count on 1 1/2 hr wait for a table on Fri/Sat nite.
Visited recently with a party of four.  Had a reservation and was taken within 5 minutes of our  designated time.  For appetizers we had fried calamari which was crisp and light .  Also had an artichoke and mozzarella plate with a balsalmic drizzle.  They offer several gluten free options and the gluten free pasta and meatballs were cooked perfectly with wonderful flavor.  The waitress handled special dietary a requests without a hitch. Overall the service was cordial and efficient.  The price for 4 with salads, entrees, 2 appetizers  and non alcoholic drinks was $99.  Can't beat that for the quality of the food!
Great Italian food. I really wanted to try the lasagna but of course they ran out of it. Food was a bit slow getting to us but was hot and delicious.  Has the local Buffalo feel to it. A must to stop by and check out. Don't let the neighborhood and bad parking fool you.
I am from Long Island and come here everytime I am in Buffalo to visit family or go to the Bills game.  They named it Mulberry Ristorante after my favorite street in NYC.  I had to come, the Italian food is just as good as if I was going to one of my favorite places in Little Italy on Mulberry Street.  Ristorante in Lackawanna? " YES" Ristorante in Lackawanna.  The name alone tells you alot about whats going on here...  The meatballs have to be mentioned first because they are the biggest best ones I have had outside my own kitchen.  The zuchinni blossoms are my favorite appetizer, I dont know how a place in Lackawanna can get these on a daily basis, I only see them on NYC menus once in a blue moon.  They are so light and delicate and full of flavor, I could just have three orders of them and call it a night, but I don't because I power on thru the flavorful, creative dinners and specials that are offered, I never leave disappointed. Can anyone say Lasagna? Not after you try to woof down a nightly special version of this baby, you will have to say Uncle...  The staff is friendly and efficient whether eating at the bar,or having a raucous occasion with family.  Oh, by the way, the stuffed peppers...don't leave home without them, I mean don't leave the Ristorante without them. Got to go!
10/23/13 had the stuffed mushrooms, they were awesome. I then ordered the Lasagna as the main course. Wow the portion was huge but best of all it was delicious. We had a party of 9 and everyone loved their choice of meal. Great, cheerful service and the drinks were good, you could actually taste the alcohol. Kind of a back street place but they do say that all of the best places are off the beaten path.
Best Italian restaurant by far. The lasagna was amazing and the tiramisu was delicious!
Outstanding food. I had the lobster ravioli and it was great. The stuffed banana peppers were nice and spicy.
After seeing this establishment on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, I put this restaurant on my list on my trip to Buffalo/Niagara Falls.  We tried to call for reservations but they said only parties bigger than 4 get reservations.  GPS found it with no problem was because it was Friday evening, parking was hard to find but after a couple of laps around the block, we were in.  Added my party of 2 to the wait list and was told it would be about 30 minutes.  Ordered a drink from the ball and casually walked around the place to see what everyone was eating.  Seems that lasagna was the big hit, which was featured on the show.  One thing, I did notice was the place really seems a bit more fancy than the normal estabishments featured on DDD, but over the white table cloth, was a paper, so I guess that makes it more casual than it seems.  When seated, our friendly server, Lisa introduced herself.  We decided on the lasagna and linguini and clams in white sauce.  The lasagna was big just like the show with an abundance of layers.  Wife liked lasagna but I prefer some sauce on the inside where it was poured over the top.  The linguini and clams was delish.  Lisa was attentive to our needs, but it is sad to say, Buffalo is a bit far for another visit.
Visited Mulberry last night with my girlfriend and our 1 year old son. The wait was about 20 minutes so we got a drink at the bar and the bartender was nice enough to pour some of his finest whole milk right into our son's bottle! The walls were decorated with signed pictures of local sports heroes and I enjoyed checking those out before our meal. When we were seated the service was quick and friendly. Every table gets a basket of italian bread and we ordered the famous meatball baked in mozzarella as an appetizer. It was good, but the wow-factor of the size was diminished because they cut it into slices. Next, we had salads with the house charred-tomato dressing which is outstanding....a nice hint of basil to it. The hot pepper bisque was on special and it was honestly some of the best soup I have ever had.....creamy with the perfect amount of heat. Then our entrees came out. She had the spaghetti with a massive un-sliced meatball and I had the lasagna. Hers was very good and a huge portion. The lasagna was just ok. It had ground sausage, veal, mushrooms, and hot peppers. The mushrooms were very earthy and trumped the flavor of the dish. I would visit again, but Chef's is what I want for perfect Italian cuisine.
Tremendous!!!
Best Italian place in Buffalo, NY.  Try the stuffed peppers.
2nd visit to The Mulberry and there will definitely be a 3rd. The daily special lasagna is always a great choice but there are so many interesting menu and daily special items, it's hard to decide. The Lobster Ravioli was fabulous. Make sure you're hungry when you go!
Excellent food. Also have gluten free pasta, and meatballs.
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and the ambiance at Mulberry------it was a special night for us spent with great people, and we truly wanted them to enjoy the dining experience----- we all did!  We will be back again soon
