Words cannot describe how excellent the food and service is at Santorini's. Greek Salad is perfectly prepared and presented. The Gyro is plentiful and delicious.  I have never had a bad entree. Whether lunch, dinner, or date night this is a must visit. You will return.
Holy YUM Batman! What a great little spot in the middle of Downtown DeLand. The hubs and I stopped in late on a Thursday night (20 minutes before closing, we were a little nervous about being "those" people) and were greeted with a warm smile and sat immediately, completely free of any server angst! We enjoyed a Tzatziki sauce to start and then Gyro Platter with Lemon Potatoes and the Pastitsio with Rice Pilaf. And I do mean we enjoyed every morsel! They brought out the extra garlicky (YES) tzatziki sauce with warmed-on-the-grill-check-the-grill-marks pita that was the perfect combo of thismuch char and chewy. So good. They also served a small dish of olive oil, balsamic and chopped garlic with the pita as well! I could have eaten this plate of dip and been completely satisfied. but then the entrees came and we were even happier! The gyro meat was perfectly season and deliciously tender, served with more tzatziki and super fresh tomatoes and onions. I was really really pleased with just how fresh everything tasted. The Pastitsio was quite exceptional, I really enjoyed the delicate seasoning of the meat (love those unexpected "sweet" spices that makes the American palette go "what the what??") and the macaroni in the base wasn't mushy, also great given the twiced-cooked nature of the dish. The Béchamel topping was rich and creamy. The only "unmemorable" part of the dish was the rice pilaf, which was dry and just "meh" compared to the rest of the meal. Service was very friendly and the servers worked as a team to anticipate our needs. Always A+++++. Can't wait to come back again!
Horiatiki salad was amazing today. I was told that this is the "OG" Greek salad. Never had this before. So balanced between acidic mouthwatering and savory (salt/seasonings) and rich (emulsified oil). The tomatoes were so sweet that they tasted vine ripened. The cucumber sublime. This was all topped off with a slab the feta. I absolutely love this place. You won't be disappointed. :) It may be tacky to write this while in the restaurant but we had three big smiles when we left.
Every once in awhile I have a dining experience I enjoy so much that I'm excited to write a review and let everybody know about it. If you're passing through Deland, Florida and enjoy Greek food then this is a place you don't want to miss. Santorini trivia  - Santorini is the name of an island about 200 miles southeast off the Greek mainland in the Aegean Sea. The atmosphere here is by no means muted or fancy. They pretty much squeeze as many tables as they can into this place and then fill them with happy customers. I started with a Greek salad. Very good. My entrée was the Basa Athenian - fish fillet stuffed with spinach, feta, tomato and mushrooms and cooked in a lemon sauce. It was delicious and I highly recommend it. Dear old mom was with me and had the Vegetarian Mousaka. I'm known to finish everyone else's food once they've had their fill (I'm often referred to by friends as HGD or the Human Garbage Disposal) and the rest of her Mousaka tasted great too! For a side I had potatoes. They're prepared with a lemon sauce and really hit the spot too. Service was excellent and the price was more than reasonable. I happily give Santorini five stars!
Awesome gyros, service was superb. First time eating here and it will now be my family's go to Greek restaurant!
Had a craving for Greek food glad I stopped in the Chicken Atenian was absolutely awsome! If you like Greek food this is a great place to eat
Can't say enough about this place. Oh wait, one word.... FANTASTIC!  Great food. Nice wait staff. Super sweet owners. My husband says their Gyros are the best outside of Greece. I've tried to get him to go to other Greek restaurants.... nope! He's right; they are fabulous. Chicken Santorini melt... oh gosh, let's just say it's to die for. On a healthier side, the Greek salad and a side of chicken is just as good. I just had Santorini's blackened fish sandwich... yummo! Now let's talk about that tzatziki... I could eat it by the spoonful! Just don't eat it on a first date... Because gum won't help.
This is my second year in a row visiting Santorini's in Deland. The food is probably the best Greek food I have had. The grape leaves and hummus are absolutely delicious. We ordered the grape leaves appetizer as well as the dinner!!! 3 orders of hummus as well! We tried the Greek wine which was AWESOME!! The desserts are heavenly ( I will not attempt to spell them - but we tried all of them). A must visit!!!
Excelent all around. Best Greek food I have ever had.  The Calamari is so fresh and delicious.  My favorite is the gyro platter. Prices are excellent too.
It's been about 6 months since I ate here, so I feel very late to review. I was just reminded about the place and I remembered how much I loved it, that I felt I just have to review the place. We ventured here after a graduation at Stetson, a few blocks away. It's on DeLand's main street, which is nice to walk around afterward. We sort of took a leap of faith walking into the place, not really knowing anything about it. We were seated right away, but if it was a few minutes later, the place would have been packed and we'd have to wait. And it's a small place too. It was about 4:30 PM when we entered. Their menu looked interesting, but my eyes gravitated to a board on the wall, at the back of the place. I saw a Whole Sea Bass as their fish special for the day. The waitress mentioned that they fly it in fresh daily. It came with lemon potatoes and I also ordered the Avgolemono soup. I'll come out and say that everything was delicious. The Sea Bass was grilled perfectly, sitting in an olive oil sauce of lemon and herbs. The potatoes, also cooked in a lemon sauce, melted in my mouth. And the Avgolemono soup, made out of lemons too, was just as delicious! Yes...my mouth is watering as I write this. I loved it so much, I tried making a similar dish at home, and although it turned out good, it wasn't close to the perfection I had here. If Deland wasn't out of my way, I would eat at this place multiple times a month. Great job!
Stayed in near by Orange City, went to Deland downtown for a reasonable meal, what we found was something I didnt expect. Basa Cavadoro special changed the way I thought of greek food in general. Then char grilled octopus wow i cant tell you how good that was.. I just want to go back for more, I knew it could be like that. That server guy there was good too, he said he has worked there for five years and he just doesnt know how the chef does it.
I have eaten here a half dozen times or so since moving to Deland, I have yet to order something that has not been spectacular! It is small and crowded, but the service is great with some of the best Greek food I have ever had.
Friendly satff, very good food and fair prices. The only thing I dislike is that it is pretty cramped in there.
In Deland for a band event, we ventured over to Santorini for dinner beforehand. We've actually been 1 other time and were hoping things were still the same. Even though we arrived (purposely) early for dinner - 5:00pm there was a wait (15 min) and the place was packed - just like last time. While waiting outside I commandeered one of two empty tables. I was approached by the owner and she asked if I wanted to sit outside - YES! The weather was pleasant and even though Woodland is a busy road we were blocked by hedges so it wasn't too bad. We started with hummus, a Mythos and sangria. The hummus is very, VERY garlic-y but tasty nonetheless. The pita it was served with was warm, soft, and fresh. The sangria is housemade (red) and even though I tried it before, this time it was much sweeter. I'm not a fan of traditional red sangria and took this as a sign.  I finished my glass and move to Perrier. For entrees, the BF got the Grouper Athenian which is a filet stuffed with spinach, feta, tomatoes, and mushrooms. It comes in a lemon/wine sauce. While he enjoyed it a LOT I found the sauce oddly sweet. (Maybe it's just me..hmm). For the side he got the always delicious lemon potatoes. I went with the Vegetarian Mousaka and ordered green beans (however I received lima beans. A replacement was offered quickly and apologetically but I love lima beans so I kept them!) The veggie mousaka was AH-MAA-ZING. Truly. Done in typical layered form this vegetarian option starts with potatoes and is then topped with eggplant, zucchini, and spinach. It's completed with bechamel. My goal in life that day was to finish that mousaka. (I did not succeed, btw) The lima beans were soft and flavored with dill. Yum There is a reason it's always busy at Santorini and it's not because they cater to the college crowd with fast, cheap food. People drive to Deland for food this good. We do & so should you!
I have never had a bad meal here. This is one of my go-to places when I need a guaranteed better than average meal with no surprises. They serve pita bread triangles with a dipping sauce with every meal that is out of this world! The pastichio and moussaka combo is definitely worth writing home about and if the bouillabaisse is one of the specials, get it! Have a sangria or a mythos beer and your meal is complete! The tables are tight but take advantage of that and get to know your neighbors. It encourages conversation between strangers and makes the dining experience that much more memorable. This night, we sat beside a couple of ladies from Brighton, England who had ordered appetizers to share and one of them commented this is genuine Greek food! More so than what she had in Greece! Definitely put this place on your stop when you come to DeLand.
We've been here several times and we love it. We're actually recognized and greeted as individuals. They're quickly turning into our go to place.
This place is my absolute favorite!!! I try and go here as much as possible, and the fact that their prices are amazing and portions generous it's possible!!! The lemon potatoes and peas are perfection!! Their dip makes the best salad dressing and all of their many dishes I've tried are just amazing!! If you are in Deland and haven't tried this place - you are missing out!
One of very few 5 stars from me.  One of the best gyros I've had in a looong time.   Out of the way town, but worth a stop if you're hungry and on east side of I-4.   Keeper
Wow!  We love Greek food and this place is amazing. Try the Basa Athenian. The fish melts in your mouth. We also loved the garlic potato dip and the saganaki. The restaurant is small, so you may have to wait, but it's worth it. They also try hard to get you in quickly.
Hubby and I were in Deland looking for a place to have lunch, and Santorini's came up on my Yelp radar w/ a 4 and half start rating.  After reading some of the reviews, we knew we had to try it.  Nestled among the cuteness that is downtown Deland, Santorini's is on the smaller side, but luckily we were able to snag a seat right away.  You can tell it gets pretty busy there during lunch time.  Our server brought out some complimentary pita bread and some of their signature dipping sauce.  I believe it was olive oil, balsamic, garlic and herbs.  It was darn delicious!  For our meals we decided to split a Greek salad, the gyro platter w/ rice pilaf and a side of roasted lemon potatoes.  Everything was excellent!  I think the salad was the best Greek salad I've ever had...topped with pepperoncini, a nice block of seasoned feta, two bright red tomato halves, cucumber slices and olives.  The vinaigrette was perfect.  I wish I could've bought a bottle of it.  The gyro platter had a very generous portion of meat w/ onion, pita bread and perfectly ripe tomato slices on the side (seriously, where do they get their tomatoes?!).  It of course also came with some tzatziki sauce.  I'm not the hugest fan of tzatziki (I usually skip it with my gyro), but I actually really enjoyed the one at Santorini's.  The cucumber and mint flavors were on the milder side, which I liked.  Again, it was all amazingly yummy!  But for me, the star of the show was those darn lemon roasted potatoes...oh boy were those good!!  Perfectly infused with lemony goodness. Although Deland is definitely not close to our home turf, Hubby and I both agreed we would make the drive just to come back here.  Awesome food, good service, very reasonable prices w/ big portions...you really can't go wrong with this place.  Oh, and I forgot to mention, we could see the Greek chef cooking in the back, which was neat.  Gave the place a real feel of authenticity.
We only ended up here because it was cold (a rare winter day in Florida) and our party was crabby and cranky. We ended up ordering way too much food. But we enjoyed every bite. The lemon soup is a must try.
I am a fan of this wonderful Greek restaurant.   I've already told four people about this fabulous place, and it's been less than 12 hours since I've eaten there!  Trust me, I will be telling many more people about Santorini's.  The place is quaint...just the right size for a pleasant dining experience.  I think the size allows for top notch customer service excellence.  When we arrived, we were greeted so warmly and informed of a five minute wait.  Sure enough, we were quickly seated by such a pleasant hostess.   The walls are covered with murals of Mediterranean scenes and the menu has a very good variety of Greek dishes and also offers specials that are not on the menu, so there is definitely something for everyone! We ordered the Athenian Grouper (baked grouper stuffed with a mixture of feta, spinach, herbs, tomatoes, mushrooms and covered in a lemon, garlic, wine sauce) , a dolmades appetizer, and Chicken Corfu (chicken breast slices, mushrooms, and a wine sauce).  We had the lemon potatoes as a side dish. Soooo good!  The food was super tasty and fresh!   There is a free parking lot directly behind the restaurant or you can park on the street.  I can't wait to go again!
Very nice greek restaurant ..the lemon chicken drop soup was very tasty. Not too lemony but full of flavor. The chicken with spinach and feta cheese was very moist  and the feta gave it that extra pop!
The best restaurant in DeLand, hands down. Everything they serve is amazing, from their saganaki or gyros, to their signature dishes like the Athenian chicken (to die for). Their lemon-roasted potatoes are out of this world as well. The atmosphere is lively, and if you try to go for lunch you can expect a wait. The staff is friendly, and the dishes are incredible; I couldn't recommend this place more.
This restaurant is my go-to restaurant for quaint get-together with friends.  Their food is mild enough for my spice-fearing friends, but they offer more flavorful choices for those with bolder tastebuds (like myself!)  Their lunch portions are huge - I often order the gyro and even though I have a hearty appetite, I could easily split this with a friend.  Of course, many of their appetizers ought not to be missed - their saganaki is much more lemony and flavorful than many I have eaten in the Tampa metro area!  One of my celiac dining partners was pleased to discover that a waitress could easily point out the gluten-free dishes on the menu.  As more people keep GF, this could prove helpful. It's a small restaurant, so save this restaurant trip for a group of four or under.  When it is packed, the back of your chair is leaning on the back of the person's chair behind you.   If you're lucky enough to snag one of the two front alcove tables, it will be a treat indeed - room for your elbows and a beautiful view of the North end of the Downtown DeLand strip.  Their takeout isn't nearly as good - you can do it, but it's like the cooking difference between a microwave and an oven - just not the same... Desserts are way overpriced, which is a shame, because the spouse and I love galaktoboureko and it would be a perfect capstone to the meal. Parking can be a concern in the summer rainy season, as there is no connected lot to the front of the building.  I recommend the lot next to Firehouse subs and dashing across the street, but if you have young kids or adults not quite up to dashing, the lot behind the Bank of American building or the adjacent lot is perfectly adequate.
When Santorini's first opened, I thought it was decent, but nothing too special. Over the next few months, the place was consistently packed, and a repeat visit showed why. The quality improved, along with the quantitty of menu items. The bechamel cream sauce is incredible, and the seafood items are consistently good. Dolmades are tasty, and the grape leaves are almost the best ever. This place is as good as Greek Restaurants in Tarpon Springs and St. Augustine, good historic Greek communities.
Highly recommend the Dolmades with avgolemono sauce - wanted to lick the plate. Pleasant surprise in sleepy DeLand, Florida.
Absolutely one of the best places I've eaten in a long time. I'm from Chicago originally and there are a lot of good Greek places there, Santorini's is certainly as good if not better than any restaraunt there. The Saganaki is delicious! The lemon baked potato is fantastic! My gyros was very good, my friends chicken Santorini's was even better! Everything was so good, HIGHLY reccomended!
Great lunch spot yes come early it fills up fast, they have very good service and fair prices. The food is served fast and hot I love the gyro melt and good salads it nice to have a spot that isn't fast food
We love this place!! The staff are friendly and professional. They always remember us and what we like. They are awesome with dietary restrictions. The food is delicious!!! Lemon roasted potatoes is our favorite side. All of the entrees are delicious, especially the fish and chicken ones. From soup to wine, you can't go wrong. It's incredibly cute inside, and it's always busy--which attests to it's popularity. There are a few tables outside too. Favorite place in DeLand!
Decent Greek food, I think people in the DeLand area are just happy to have a choice when they eat out. It's also nice to see Greek's actually making Greek food and not trying to recreate Italian dishes. We did take out for our office and I don't think it did the food justice. Salad was good,but over dressed and the Gyro and Chix were on the dry side. Baklava is way over priced and not very good, same goes for the rice pudding. They use way to much Cinnamon. Don't bother with the "Greek cookies"- they are straight out of the box. I'll have to give this one another chance as a sit down meal. Based on what we had I would be reluctant to wait in line.
A huge, delicious gyro for $5.75!  All the rest of the food the restaurant was serving looked fantastic, too.  I don't get to DeLand very often, but everytime I do, I promise you I'll eat at Santorini!
I ordered the Catch Of The Day - it was decent but a I didn't care for the seasoning.   In hindsight the diners near me ordered classic Greek dishes that looked wonderful - so I suspect I would have been happier with the standard Greek fare.   The Greek salad I had was wonderful.  The homeade sauces very nice.  My server was very good, both pretty and efficient.   Next visit will probably be a 4 or a 5 I'm sure.
Wow, am impressed. Best Greek restaurant I've ever went to and have been to many. Had a few of their appetizers and their soup of the day was the best onion soup I've ever had.
Visited again. Was as good or better than last time. Athenian chicken was beyond anything I had ever seen, and it tasted great. It was two sizable chicken breasts with delicious spinach/feta mix in between. A giant chicken breast sandwich. Green bean side was not bland, that is for sure. Dolmades in a luscious lemon sauce. They must have some very talented cooks, they are very consistent. If you put this place in SF, NY, or Boston, prices would be 2-3 times as much and they would blow every greek place, except the most high end places, out of the water.
Came here for lunch when visiting the Stetson House.  Everything was delicious and the portions were enormous!  We ordered the combo if three spreads each of which was really tasty (eggplant, skordalia and tzatziki) and two chicken entrees which we'll be enjoying again for dinner.  Also the Greek salads were good...the small Is big enough for two to share!
Excellent!! Have been here 4 times in a few months and planning a trip back tomorrow (live in Orlando) Tried fresh fish "Bronzini" with lemon potatoes and the chicken with rice lemon soup 2 X, friends with me have said the moussaka is the very best they have ever had. The charbroiled octopus was very tasty, everyone at our table thought it was excellent. It's a small restaurant and always busy, it is worth the wait if all tables are full. Was disappointed when we arrived on a  Sunday and found out they were closed, but as fantastic as the cooks and staff are are they deserve the day of rest!! Wait staff always pleasant and restaurant very clean.
This was the best and most authentic Greek Food I have had since dining at my Greek friends parents home. It is amazing. We have sent dozens of friends there, American and Greek and all have raved about the food. I loved the chairs. They are super comfortable and the wheels make it easy to get in and out. Much better than the cheap straight back chairs some restaurant's have. The Chef is amazing and they have a really good staff of waitress's that are wonderful. HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!! Port Orange, Florida Family *****
Get there early.  Great food but limited seating.  I had to go elsewhere twice this week for lunch because there was no room at the Inn. :(
Un-freaking-believeable. I will grant you I have only tried 4-5 things, but I think they have all been wonderful. I have taken friends and suggested this place to them and I haven't had anyone be disappointed.  The gyros are AMAZING. Taziki awesome. Saganaki was very good and who doesn't like yelling 'opa' and a flaming dish of cheese. My mother's pastichio was yummy.  I absolutely loved my Athenian fish.  My husband had a pork dish that was a special that night and he thought he got the best dish on the table (I beg to differ but...;), and he usually picks the worst thing on the menu.  It's like a curse!  I don't think he could have picked a bad one.  The only two things that didn't wow me were the Taramosalata and the peas.  They weren't bad but forgettable.  It may just be that the awesomeness of the rest of the dishes overshadowed them. I dream about the food.
Great food however dining room is cramped. Gyros,lamb,humus all fantastic. However there are too many tables with too wide of chairs in a very small restaurant. Take out or eat at off times.---Update-- went back for lunch and they have replaced the oversized roller chairs with more appropriately sized chairs. A much more comfortable dining experience but it is a small restaurant. I would avoid the lunch rush at noon and go late or early 11 or 1:30. Still awesome Greek food!
We've enjoyed Santorini's 3 times now and each time the service gets better.  The food is delicious. I especially enjoy the dolmades, the Athenian Chicken and the bread with that garlicky oil and vinegar dipping sauce.  The wine list could use some work but that doesn't keep us from visiting.  Others in my group also loved the gyro platter and the roasted half chicken.  The lemon roasted potatoes and the green beans (really!) are very good.  Be sure to order the Saganaki flaming cheese appetizer so everybody can shout "opa!" with you!
Wonderful food in a casual environment.
Such a cute, & cozy restaurant, located right on the main drag in downtown Deland, FL. Sat at a table in an alcove overlooking the street....great table!  I haven't eaten Greek food in years.  Not sure why cause I sure love it!  Happy to have a Greek restaurant located so close to home!  I had the Moussaka, which I would describe as an eggplant lasagna.  It was a huge slice that was served with a wonderul lemon flavored rice.  Such flavors in the Moussaka!  I could taste soooo many different spices in there, all delectable! The hubster ordered the Gyro Sandwich.  Again, a huge amount of food.  You certainly get your money's worth here!  Each dinner is served with grilled pita bread & olive oil that was all spiced up! No Greek dinner is complete without Baklava!  The Baklava here was extra nutty!  I can't wait to eat here again!  Service was excellent & they also serve wine.
This is a different take for conservative Deland. The food is fresh and well-prepared and authentically Greek. The avgolemono (lemon chicken soup) is very lemony w/ large pieces of white meat chicken. Very good. The horiatiki is a basic combo of tomatoes, cukes, green peppers, olives, onions, and feta cheese, but very fresh. The large is enough to take half home. The chicken shish-ke-bob is very flavorful w/ huge peices of herbed, grilled white meat chicken and veggies served over rice. Pita pieces and a garlic/olive oil/balsamic dip are served w./ your meal. Very high quality olive oil. Unfortunatlely the atmosphere is very plebian and was quite crowded on this Saturday night. The tables and chairs are very basic. Drinks are from a machine w/ offerings of bottled Greek wines. The staff is helpful and friendly even if harried. Authentic Greek dessert, lattes, and take-out are available.
5 stars for great food, great service, and especially for winning my dad over! He ALWAYS has something to say about any new food but he absolutely loved it here and I don't see how anyone would feel otherwise. Our waiters was very polite and even struck up a conversation with my sometimes not so friendly father (hes an old sourpuss sometimes but I love em!) She even made him laugh! :) We all tried something different and it was all incredible! I especially enjoyed the lemon roasted potatoes, they were out of this world SO GOOD!
I'm from NY where the only way you can get better Greek food is going to Greece!! This place hits it out of the park!! Taste just like all the Greek food back home in NY that I used to eat growing up there and living there!! If you like Greek food this is the spot in Orlando, FL!! But get there early for lunch or dinner because if you don't you will be waiting a long time to sit!! Its that good!!
Get there early for lunch because it fills up fast ... and for good reason.  I am vegetarian so I can't comment on many of the meals but the horiatiki salad is divine.  All of the salads have a huge chunk of fresh feta.  The scordalia and the hummus are tasty.  The lemon roasted potatoes and the lima beans are to die for.  But the highlight of my week is when they offer the falafel special.  I have begged them to add it to the regular menu, but they have been nice enough to make it special for me.  The staff is friendly and your drink will never be empty.  My favorite!
Came in hot and tired from driving cross-country and the first sit -down meal was here. Saturday late afternoon and the place was full. Friendly staff.  Greeks were eating there!  Food was awesome. Had the gyro sandwich and it was huge!  Lots of lamb and all fresh veggies.  New favorite place!
This is a fairly new restaurant in Downtown Deland.  We started with the saganaki- flaming cheese. I had the Grouper Athenian, which is a baked grouper stuffed with tomatoes, mushrooms, feta and spinach. It came with one side, so I chose the lemon potatoes. The whole thing was delicious. My daughters had a veggie sandwich and a gyro, and both loved them. The only draw back is the rollers on the chairs. The table behind me kept bumping me. That made it a bit annoying. I felt trapped at the table and it was hard to get in and out. (And I am not fat. It was just one too many tables in the place.) Other than that, it is a must try.
LOVE! I just opened a boutique a block from here and when I order food to go it's always from here. The food is awesome, super authentic. The portions are huge, like most greek servings, which is perfect for sharing. The prices are just as amazing as the food. It's really easy to order over the phone and the people that work their are so nice. There's a reason this place is always packed!
Wow! What a homerun, this place was fantastic.  The portions were plentiful, food fresh & delicious. It is a bit on the "tight" side, there probably should be one less table. The waitstaff was attentive, knowledgable, and very friendly. If you enjoy Greek food this is a must try.
Super waitstaff.  Super food.  Super prices.  What more can I say?  We got more food than we could finish and we didn't over order.   The Athenian Chicken with lemon potatoes was killer and made 2 meals for me.  They even recommended a great local place for ice cream :)
The food is delicious..... Never disappointed...... Manny does a fantastic job!
Excellent! This is a great restaurant. Thank you Kim H. For the reccomindation. The bread with the olive oil, best anywhere. The shrimp soup, great. Gyros awesome! A new fav for sure. We had a great anniversary lunch. Highly recommended. We will come back amap. It is a small restaurant. like 11 or 12 tables. Food is top quality.
Food was out of this world.  To start with we shared the Spanakopita which was delicious.  Our friend had the Moussaka, my husband had the shrimp in garlic sauce and I had the roasted lamb.  Everything was fresh and tasted wonderful.  The lemon potatoes were a nice side dish.  For dessert we shared the chocolate cake and baklava, both were outstanding.  We will definitely be back to this gem of a restaurant.  The servers were very attentive and could not  be more helpful.
