I've always enjoyed the NSB location on Flagler and it's amazing that this location equals or rivals the original location. Bring your appetite if your eating alone the half sub may be a stretch to get down.  These are serious subs! Today it was the Broadway Hot Pastrami minus the banana peppers but plenty of provolone cheese and quality pastrami cajun mayo and spicy mustard add a bag of New Orleans Zapp Voodoo Kettle Chips and you've just hit a home run. Although this store is much smaller than the original you can find a seat most times either inside or out since most business people on their lunch hour order ahead and take them to go. I find the service here exceptionally friendly, funny and they are working hard to build your creation exactly as you ordered it. They aren't cheap but the quality is there and once you try them you will be driving by the other sub shops to get back here.
Wow, awesome sandwiches & another stellar Florida find. Super excellent gourmet sandwiches & a nice selection of bottled beer to boot. I'm almost afraid to recommend because I like this place so much!
I don't offer many reviews though I use Yelp often when traveling. Places like this don't come often no matter where you travel or from. Simply they are a sandwich shop for sandwich lovers. Shaved lettuce, paper thin boars head meat/veggies and perfect homemade bread. Sandwiches are my go to choice. I've had the best in most major cities and this little sandwich joint in the middle of Florida rivals them all. To the owners, thank you. To the sandwich makers, keep up the integrity that you offered me! It's the difference between "a pretty good sandwich" and "one of the best in the country". I'm surprised you guys have less then 20 reviews! I contribute this to being located in a very small town in the middle of Florida! (At least from the perspective of a city guy.)  Which in some ways makes you even that more impressive! *Luckily my in-laws are 10 min. from you! *For the record I had a sm. Italian Stallion and held the black olives. Every bite I had something good to say about it. (Better then the godfather at Bay Cities in LA that has nearly 3000 reviews!)
Absolutely the best sandwiches in all of Florida.  Must stop by and pleasure your appetite!  Bread is flown in fresh from NYC daily, just the options and dressings along with all the fresh cooked veggies, cheeses, meats etc are just out of this world.  If you're lucky there will be an old fashioned NYC argument between the owner and his staff... Lol
Passing through Deland today, used Yelp to locate a place to eat, that wasn't  fast food, quick so I could get on the road. Italian Sandwich  sounded good.  Ordered the Italian  Stallion, with everything on it.  My god, this sub sandwich was so good!  Ate half, that's all I could, very fresh sub roll, didd I say big! Ate the remainder for dinner.  Great place, a little out of the way, and parking was some what of a problem, but a great sandwich!  I want to try something else next time, but I don't think I will!
I personally don't like sub sandwiches much, until I tried this place. Every time I am in Deland I stop here. From the 911 to the Italian stallion, every sandwich has been excellent. The sides are great too, though I miss the boiled peanuts. Good news! They also have some good craft beer choices!
I'm sorry to say I think this place is really ho hum.  I expected more based on the other reviews. Probably should have had a sandwich but felt like a salad instead. It was average at best. Guy taking orders seemed to be training and could use a bit more work on customer service.
Parks Toyota always order from Manzanos.  The bread is awesome and the sandwiches are excellent.  keep it up!
Both the cold sandwich and the panini were quite good vegetarian choices, though the cold sandwich flavor was a little more unique. It takes a little while to make so be patient. Most sandwiches are meat-focused, that is more their specialty. Still, worth stopping in if you are vegetarian and in Deland :)
Best subs in Deland period end of story. Nsb is a favorite along with dippidy doo.  The bread is from NY and is mas delicioso. Small place that does gets busy during lunch rush call a head if you need to eat near noon.
Good sandwiches and good price!!
Very good and good prices!
Amazing bread. Not fast food- but excellent. I had the Broadway - hot pastrami on freshly made bread with Cajun mayo, melted provolone and onions. This will be the new standard by which all pastrami's are measured!
The most amazing subs ever!!! The true ny bread and top quality meats and cheeses are made in to a variety of unique and delicious subs!! The large is big enough for 2. A must visit downtown!
The sandwiches are amazing.  The staff were so cool. I showed up 30 minutes to close.  The guys working in there treated me as they would their first customer.  I respect this.  I gave them a hard time, and we had a few great laughs while they carefully crafted 3 delicious sandwiches.  My dad left impressed, and happy.  This is a difficult feat.  The sandwiches are flavorful, on excellent "New York" bread. Try the Zapps Voodoo chips, they're yummy.
The Manzano's in DeLand an expansion from its original location in New Smyrna Beach. This review is based on my experience with the DeLand Manzano's. Manzano's has earned its place as being my favorite lunch restaurant in DeLand. I can't get tired of it. I've tried. So why is Manzano's so special? First of all, Manzano's uses awesome ingredients - the veggies, meats, and cheeses are very fresh, and sliced there in the restaurant. The bread is incredible - sourdough for paninis and New York style bread for the cold sandwiches. The New York style bread isn't for the faint of heart - the crust will tear up your mouth, but it's VERY WORTH IT. Also, the sandwiches, particularly the cold sandwiches, are very big. I have a big appetite, and even half of a half sub is almost too much. There's a good selection of chips - regular and kettle cooked, and a great selection of lesser-known sodas. I've heard the soups are very good, but I've yet to try them myself. I'm sure many people complain about the layout - the restaurant was practically stuffed into a hallway - but I think the proprietor has managed the best possible layout with the small space. There's also seating outside, and many people order their food to go. Another thing to note - the food does take a little bit, definitely not fast food. This is a restaurant that takes pride in their work, and the result is worth the wait. Also, I love the staff - they're awesome, very friendly and pleasant. In my reviews, I usually try to recommend one food item in particular, but this place is so awesome, I simply can't narrow it down. Thank you Manzano's for making my lunchtime so amazing.
The food is great. Lunch fare - sandwiches, soup, chips, cold drinks from case. Sandwiches are all handmade - great ingredients. Three Cheese Caprese - delicious pesto w/ sun dried tomatoes warmed to a melted tasty slice of heaven. Onion soup had tons of carmalized onions - and NO MSG. (yay!) My issue is the layout of store - you can barely get in and once in, you can barely turn around.  You are on top of someone all the time. But the FOOD is great. Lots of folks took take out.
This is by far one of the best places in the country to have a sandwich! I've eaten at many "great sandwich places" around the country and few can actually compare to this place. Great prices, great value, great service and of course GREAT food!! Diners, drive-in's & dives should visit here! Can I give 10 stars?
This place is awesome. The food was freshly prepared and very tasty. I ordered the jerk chicken which was so flavorful and tasty. My wife had the bulldog which is their club sub and that was so amazing also. The portion sizes are very nice. i have only ordered the half sizes and could barely finish them so i can't wait to see what the whole size is like.This place is some place that I will be visiting often once I return home. The only down side about this is that size of the location but you can eat outside also. Check this place out I recommend it to everyone!
Mouth-watering, tongue-tantalizing amazing subs I could stop right there, but I won't. I come from Chicago and have had many amazing subs from the Chicago land area. When we moved to the Orlando area, we have been searching for great food. This is the place if you are looking for a sub. No such thing as a stingy sandwich here. So, really what makes this sub shop stand out? * Sub rolls are fresh and chewy, no doubt the best rolls I have tasted in Florida * Fresh cold cuts piled high so there is evidence that there is meat in the sandwich * Fresh veggies * Wonderful cheeses * A variety of condiments, including my favorite olive oil and vinegar with wonderful spices And Manzano's delivers this and more. Everything is done with love. I had the Clubber Lang which was made with ham, turkey, cheese, bacon and fresh veggies. Yummy, yummy, yummy. My husband had the Goodfella which has ham, prosciutto, salami, provolone, fresh veggies and oil & vinegar. The downside is the storefront is extremely small with a few tables. And because everything is made to order, the wait for the sandwich may be long. Bottom line: Fan-tastic subs made from love and are stuffed with yummy goodness. Manzano's is on my must return list.
Pretty good
Best sandwich place in town. An authentic NY deli, and it definitely feels like it. They use quality ingredients and have a nice little beer selection to boot.
Excellent sandwiches..very friendly service.. this is a wonderful gem hiding in the heart of Demand...
Try the jerk chicken sandwich. They have the best bread. Drools :$
We tried this for the first time today. I got the Up-In-Smoke sandwich. It was smoked turkey, smoked gouda, veggies and chipolte mayo. It was delicious. The bread, especially, is amazing. My compadre had a veggie sub and was able to finish it. I was not. If you go for lunch, you can definitely split a small sub, unless you have a hearty appetite. Also, don't forget to try the red-skin potato salad.
I have been to Manzano's many times and it has never disappointed. The paninis are awesome. They use top quality ingredients and everything is made right there for you. My only complaints would be there are a bit on the pricey side(but you get what you pay for) and most of the time they are extremely busy. Also, they have unusual hours for a restaurant. Most of the time I come to Downtown they are closed, which is about 7pm and on. Not complaining, but it would make sense to stay open later since they are popular.
Best bread ever!! The sandwiches are great and huge. We had to wait for about 25 minutes - I'd be sore about the wait, but they told us when we placed the order. For the food it was well worth the wait.
Excellent choice for a Sunday lunch.
