I'm fairly confident this place has moved down the road a bit and changed it's name to El Taco Locco.  We found it because we saw a sign for tacos.  We love tacos and we wanted something to hold us until dinner, so we decided to stop. Upon pulling up to what looked like a double wide trailer, we were a bit skeptical.  I'm glad we didn't let that deter us, cause we would have missed out on some of the best tacos we have ever had.  (My husband is from LA, so that's saying a lot!) El Taco Locco's tacos are like the kind you find in Southern California.  It's  on a soft corn tortilla (theirs were some of the best) with your choice of meat, (they had a lot to choose from) topped with some cilantro and onion.  I had one carne asada and one carnitas taco and it's difficult for me to say which one was better, they were both amazing!!  My husband had one el pastor and  one barbocoa taco, and he loved them both too.  The hot sauce had a lot of punch, but it was very flavorful. We really had a hard time resisting ordering a few more.  For 8 bucks we got 4 of the best tacos ever and 2 cans of coke.  I can't wait to go back for more and try some of there other menu items. The only thing I would say is try not to use the restroom, other than that you will love it!
Muy bueno!  I just finished my delicious meal at El Taco Amigo and am already making plans to go back later this week.  Having lived in Tucson, AZ for a decade I've been spoiled with every delicious edible Mexican incarnation imaginable.  Making the move to Florida was easy, but leaving behind the food was hard.  I told a coworker my sob story and she mentioned this place. I ordered the tamale and chicken tostada.  I was hoping for some chile rellenos, but they didn't have any poblano peppers left.  My husband ordered the hard shell tacos and queso blanco dip.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  I had to try their carne asada tacos in the corn tortilla and I wasn't disappointed!  Everything was perfect; the price, the service, and most importantly the food. Thank El Taco Amigo for filling the hole in my heart for authentic Mexican food!
Is there a better place to eat in DeLand? Doubtful. As a Stetson student this place was at least a weekly stop for enchiladas (it's not on the menu, but order at least one queso enchilada) and cokes in glass bottles. When I tell people about the "hole in the wall taco place" in DeLand, I have to clarify, no really, it is literally a hole in the wall of a mechanic shop. All the locals already know how awesome this place is, so if you happen to be passing through town, make sure you stop by!
Um...wow...wasn't expecting that at all. Some of the best tacos I've ever had. This place appears to be the dive of all dives when you pull up but any self respecting foodie will not let that stop them. That can actually be a really good sign. There is a drive thru type service window on the outside for your convenience. But if you make it past the screen door entry you will find another service window and a fairly respectable seating area. Sit and enjoy! I got a couple fish tacos and a tamale. The fish taco had a nice size chunk of perfectly fried fish, crisp shredded cabbage, sweet and tangy sauce and a sprinkle of fresh cilantro all on a soft corn tortilla. Get two or three cuz these puppys are good! The tamale is served on the corn husk it was cooked in. Perfectly cooked masa with moist shredded chicken in the middle. I could have ate three or four of each! I will be back and Im bringing friends!
We were driving down to Florida from CT and had to make a stop here (as recommended by some former Stetson students). I ordered the tacos de lengua, which is my go-to when I'm trying to eat authentic Mexican. My companion ordered an enchilada covered in green sauce. We were both super happy with the meal and hte menu has a ton of other stuff we would have tried, but we needed to be rolled out of there after our first course. It's a tiny place next to an auto garage and it even has a take out window, but i'd recommend eating indoors and enjoying the music.
Just moved here from Cali. And was looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant. We found it today. Had an Enchilada diner and a taco salad. Great green sauce! Yum! It's a little place you could miss it. Look hard it's worth it!
Such a cute, not what you would think, place. Saw it on yelp and decided to stop by while traveling through Deland. Great menu with lots of variety. Got the beef quesadilla with rice and beans and it was yummy. Wish they had some more spots for sitting outside but sitting in the car with takeout containers worked fine. If you're ever in Deland I'd stop by. I know I will again.
Being from Texas, we take our Mexican food very serious...this place is amazing. Hands down the best Mexican food we've had since leaving Texas 3 years ago. We got the beef enchiladas & pork tacos, both plates were great & we practically licked the plates clean. Best hidden gem we've found in Florida!
This is one of the best hole in the wall places in Deland. The tacos are excellent, not Americanized, and cheap. Parking is limited and it shares a building with an auto shop, but those shortcomings are easy to overlook as soon as you taste the food!
My husband and I found this place on Yelp  and I have to agree  with the other reviewers - this place is awesome!! Authentic non-Americanized Mexican food for a really good price.  The place doesn't look like much but it is clean and  the service is really good.  We tried  3 dishes and got chips with cheese and pico and came out under 22 bucks. I only recommend checking their hours because I think they close at 7 on some nights and 8 on others. You don't want to miss out so check for their hours and then get out  and try their wonderful fresh food!
If you're searching for great tasting authentic homestyle Mexican food, this should be your only stop in DeLand! From homemade tortillas to seven simmered meat choices for your street tacos, this is Mexican street food at its finest!  They have daily lunch specials anywhere from $4-6 each for a hearty portion, and their dinners are served with your choice of salsa roja or verde, both spicy and piquant with the green sauce being more peppery and the red sauce with a subtle smokiness.  They have some of the familiar Jarritos and aguas frescas as well as Mexican Coke (made with cane sugar, not HFCS) for your bibidas! The seating area is modest, with seating for about 20 inside a small area adjacent to where the food is prepared.  It does have air conditioning, so don't be afraid to eat in, even in Florida summers!  There are also two outdoor tables with umbrellas for the more temperate months.
Best. Mexican. Food. Ever. A friend at stetson introduced me to this sketchy little slice of heaven and now we go out of way to visit her and 'my taco boyfriend' as we affectionately call it. Beware, the credit-card machine breaks - but they will let you go to the ATM to get money if you leave a few people there. The quesadillas are simply to die for. AMAZING hand made tortillas with your choice of meat, deep fried and topped with lettuce, tomato, and creme mexicana and limes. LOVE them. LOVE this place. The people there are super friendly and are some really really great cooks.
TACO LOCO!!!!! This place is the bomb. Should be on Woodland in a 25,000 square foot restaurant feeding the whole city. The #1 restaurant I miss in DeLand after leaving school.
I guess this is as authentic as you can get in Deland... But I'm Mexican, so I'm picky when it comes to my Mexican food since I'm used to authentic home-made Mexican meals. Being so far away from home, that isn't possible anymore...so I came here. This is a tiny restaurant with a few tables jam-packed inside. My sope was hard and I almost broke my knife trying to cut it. Everyone says their food is "freshly made"...I had a better experience the first time I came here...maybe sometimes it's fresh and sometimes it's not. Who knows, but you get what you pay for... PS. Just because you see Mexicans cooking, doesn't mean it's authentic. And just because it looks authentic doesn't mean it tastes authentic ;)
Best tacos in the area, love the fish tacos!  Remember they're closed Monday/Tuesday!
I unfortunately only discovered El Taco Amigo in my last semester at Stetson University. It is the most delicious Mexican food I have ever had. The location looks a little sketchy, located next to a car repair shop, and having an open window to order from, but I implore you, don't let that scare you away. You will not find better Mexican food anywhere. My personal favorite dish is El Burrito. Make sure to stress the El, of you may just get burrito, which isn't quite as delicious. The lunch specials are of an amazing value and a a severe reduction of the dinner prices.
Awesome authentic Mexican food. Just like the tacos you get at the taco stands in the Southwest. Ambiance it doesn't have a leanto added to an old garage but the food makes up for the lack of aesthetics. Quite a large selection of tacos with different meats if your adventurous. Price is cheep and the green salsa is incredible. The guac when fresh is also a must have.
This is some of the best Mexican around. Better then anything in Daytona Beach.
Also try their  burritos, which are huge. And the flan. The flan is delicious.
The interior feels a little insubstantial but is quite comfortable. Yum, definitely not TexMex, my wife says is reminds her of taco stands in Mexico. Beware the hot sauces which are HOT! Fresh and tasty. The "interior" is surprisingly comfortable and clean, although from the outside it's hard to imagine. BTW, They're closed on Tuesdays, much to our Tuesday chagrin!
Love this place. The best authentic mexican food in town.
Best tacos around!
Great little taqueria in downtown Deland.  It is basic food, but it is prepared well, per order, and run by a really nice family.   The food is also good and the fish tacos can be divine.
BEST RESTAURANT IN THE WORLD! There is not a day I do not crave it!
Don't be put off by its extremely strange location. The food is great, and the close location to the university is brilliant.
this place is a hidden GEM! lived here for 7 years before i ever got the balls to eat there... but, best REAL mexican food ever!! "el burrito" is my fav!
