Never a bad plate of food. Happy staff and great service.
Enjoy it very much.  Especially the banging chicken.  Add jalapeños, wheat wrap, remove the cream sauce and it's a home run.  Nice selection of hotels sauces and chips are served with your dish.  Fast and friendly
I dig this Tijuana Flats...clean, friendly service, good food.  I was glad when they opened this location, as the next closest one to me is all the way in Lake Mary.  Really my only complaint is that it's hard to get in to the parking lot if you're on the opposite side of the street.  You have to turn in to the plaza next door and drive through their parking lot.  Kind of a pain.   If you're not familiar with Tijuana Flats, it's a Tex-Mex chain that started in Central Florida 15 to 20 years ago and has now spread throughout the country.  If you live in the Orlando area, then it's safe to say you've been to a Tijuana Flats...they're pretty popular round here.  Seriously, I don't think I've ever met anyone who doesn't like Tijuana Flats.  But what's not to like?  It's yummy food at a cheaper price...can't go wrong with that!  One of the things they're known for is the hot sauce bar.  There are several of different heat levels to choose from, and most have clever, yet raunchy names.  My personal favorite is the Smack My Ass Jalepeno.  Make sure to stop by on a Tuesday for Taco Tuesday...you get two tacos, chips and a drink for $4.99.  Great deal!
Look, TF is what it has always been. Inexpensive extensive tex-mex menu. Good food fast. Lots of flavor, freshly prepared, good ingredients, excellent service and OMG the hot sauces. Its very very casual, simple beer and wine, mostly wear your flip flops, t shirt and eat with your fingers. But the Orange City location is especially great. A very clean and comfortable restaurant with the most friendly staff imaginable. If Betsy is there (and she usually is) ask her about the specials, the preparations and even catering for your party. She's wonderful and makes the place a joy. So if you're in the OC (Orange City) skip the burger joints that dot the landscape and go see Betsy for something better. TF brings the flavor and  BRINGS THE HEAT!
Not so great experience. Food great as usual but help was not friendly at all. Guess thats FL for you. Been to better ones.
A surprisingly diverse menu, fast and friendly service and the food is delicious.  They have a ton of sauces to pick from and a server was very helpful throughout our meal. The prices were fair.
Stopped in to place to go order, first time here and the selection was good between the Norrito bowl, the Mahi Mahi salad, my chimichanga, and the kiddie quesadilla- there was something for everyone.   The cashier was so quick with processing our order and offering add ons - super friendly. Savannah's service was so solid I gave her my work contact info if she ever wanted to work in my field.  Great visit everyone loved dinner. Very satisfied.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!! Everytime we go, service is awesome, the girls are great, manager is personable, food is delish!
It's a good place to have TexMex-esque fast food at a decent price.  Better quality than taco bell. For some reason, and this is my only complaint, the food is always cold by the time I get home (5-10 minutes away). Definitely try the hot sauce bar.  Blackened chicken is the bomb-dizzle on my tacos. Taco Tuesdays - $4.99 and free beer Wednesdays I believe.
I don't give out many 5-stars and generally wouldn't consider it for a fast-food place, but, this place rocks!  First, was the service.  The two young ladies who helped us were very, very professional, polite and attentive...something you don't find amongst the really younger servers these days.  I hate to say it but, these young women were EXCELLENT servers.  This was in Mid-October, right after the main lunch rush.  I can't get it out of my mind, how professional and helpful these young ladies were.  The food?  Wow, I was impressed.  For fast food?  It was nice and warm and fresh and best of all, it WAS GOOD!  Very tasty.  I was very, very pleased with my visit here and came to find out, it was one of my brother's favorite places too.  I will definitely be back.
Love the chain, not this location. Have had numerous errors with to go orders that take forever, generally unhelpful staff and management.
I freekin LOVE Tijuana Flats. EVERYTHING. i wish i could give it a million stars. IT is clean, COOL, fun. The people are nice and the walls are decorated so cool. The FOOD is AMAZING! If you don't know what to order then I will do it for you. Now I hope you are prepared for the best tasting thing you ever put in your mouth. order this: a Chimichanga with pork (not on the menu) with everything. DO NOT make it wet with queso or salsa. just plain. THE NEXT STEP IS CRUCIAL - Take your food after they bring it to you to the hot sauce bar and top your chimichanga with the sauce named "slap my ass and call me sally." be careful not to put too much. its sweet and spicy. I promise you will like it. I showed my friends this and they all agree that its the shizzle. YOUR WELCOME
Love this one! Only thing I could suggest is offering refills to the ladies at the table as frequently as they offer the gents.  Also, the manager/owner is very attentive to his store and though the crowds get large, they handle it very well.  I used to go to this one every week, since moving this one isn't as close, but when I have a chance I choose TF OC!
These restaurants are fun. They have really loud colors and murals on the wall. The seating is booth style, square top tables, or high rise round tables. They serve cold beer. There is a hot sauce bar jam packed with sauces from the mildest to the deadliest. The sauces are rated on a smiley face system. You can also buy hot sauce by the bottle. They offer three sizes of burritos. The mega juana being their largest. It's large and in charge. It's a good South Western restaurant. The service is great and the managers are always walking around checking on you. This location is smaller than some of my more frequented locations, but still does a great job none-the-less. Mmm...Burritos. I recommend a chicken and black bean burrito, wet with Chipotle sauce.
I love this place.   It's clean, it's well organized, and the customer service is out of this world.   The Smack My Ass And Call Me Sally habanero sauce is the ace in the hole at every Tijuana Flats.   I really love everything I've had here, including the black bean burrito today (see pic).   What sets this Flats apart from the other ones that I've been to is the customer service.   Everyone is extremely pleasant, from the greeter to the cashiers to the people walking around refilling your drink to the manager walking around checking that everything is up to your expectations.   It really is great experience to get your burrito/taco/flauta/chimichanga fix here. The churros rock too, fyi.
Checked it out tonite with my picky eater son and we really enjoyed ourselves. Taco Tuesday is good, service is attentive and nice. Enjoyed myself; I'll be back :)
This place is awesome. Period.
Good, fresh food...I got a fish norito bowl special (call me slow, but it had to be pointed out to me that "norito" means "no burrito"). They have a salsa bar with a good selection to choose from, including a mango salsa that went great with the fish. I also really enjoyed their refreshing, slushy sangria. The walls are covered with bright, graffiti artwork and the music was not too loud. I really enjoyed it and I wish we had something like it where I live (we're lucky to even have Chipotle).
This place rocks, great food and awesome service at an acceptable price.......what more could you ask for!
This place is amazing!  Best chips and salsa I have ever had....recommend the fajita quesadilla....hubbie had chicken chimichanga and rice and beans....said it was "exceptional"...excellent service, fun decor and great ambiance!...will be back!
Pretty good fish tacos.  Many hot sauces to choose from.  $20 for two to have black beans & rice, two tacos each and drinks.  Looking forward to going back.
This place is great. Clean, fast service, friendly employees, great tasting food.
This is one of the better franchises when it comes to service and food.
