Im a big Carrot Cake Fan and have not found a Place in Florida to ever Compare to my Bakeries in NY. However I walked into Jacqueline's the Other Day and Saw a very pretty Looking Carrot Cake in the Showcase. I asked the Lady to please cut me a slice so I could try it.   I could not believe how good it was. I felt like I was right back at Home. It was one of the very best pieces of Carrot Cake I ever had. I give a big Thumbs Up to this Place . Cant wait to try some of there other Cakes and Desserts!
If you are craving authentic French bakery foods, this is the place to go. Jacqueline is a small French lady with a heavy accent, and for some reason this makes her food significantly more authentic and delicious to me. The location can be hard to locate, but then again that's what makes it such a gem.  Seeing as it is located on one of the busiest roads in that area, I would suggest going on a weekend morning or at least avoid anytime near 9am or 5pm.  What makes it hard to locate is it's in a lower elevation plaza and the fact that it is crunched in-between a few shops.  When searching for it, just look for the sunken in plaza near the train tracks with a gas station on the corner.   Once you have found the place you certainly won't forget it. They have a continuously revolving pastry menu that is sure to please.  They always have a few sweet pastries baked very fresh because they sell out so often.  Chocolate, Almond, and regular croissants are by far their top sellers with chocolate seeming to be the favorite (as well as my favorite). They also serve fruit pastries at times and the apple is to die for. They also periodically have savory pastries, and these are what keeps me coming. From the times I have been Spinach, Cheese, and Mushroom are the normal ones.  I could devour four mushroom pastries in no time.  The mushroom pastry is my favorite food in the whole bakery. I have not tried the cakes or custom pastries she bakes but form what I have heard they are great. There are tables inside to sit so you can enjoy your pastry hot and fresh.  The pastries are definitely higher priced than a normal grocery store but they are very reasonable and totally worth the price.  One thing to keep in mind is that she has a limit on how little the charge is if you are using credit/debit (I think it is $10.00) but it really is not hard to find another pastry that you want to up your total. Don't be surprised if you come in and they are out of almost all pastries, the popular ones go very fast.  If that happens though the owner is more than happy to throw in a fresh batch for you and trust me, it's worth the wait. Note: They are closed on Mondays so you can't rely on Jacqueline to cure your Monday blues.
After reading the good reviews on here we decided to go eat lunch at Chez Jacqueline. It was a little difficult to find (even with directions) and we almost missed it. We went during lunch time on a Wednesday. After seeing pictures posted on here of quiches and fruit tarts that's what I was planning on ordering. Neither of those options were available. There was only one small menu at the counter. The woman at the counter was nice and seemed to be the only person working. We ended up getting two crepes- a ham and cheese crepe and a caramel crepe- they were ok. I was hoping there would be more of a selection of pastries. When we entered the cafe, we were the only people there and later two other parties came in. There are three tables with two chairs each. At the front of the cafe are these two darling table sets that look so chic and comfortable. Some ladies wanted to sit there but she said it was "for display only." So we all ended up sitting at small metal tables (ours was wobbly). It seems like a nice little place, but it did not live up to all the wonderful reviews I had read. I'm hoping maybe there's a greater selection on weekends and am willing to give it another try. For French bakeries though with a wide selection, I think I'll stick with Croissant Gourmet in Winter Park.
I thought it was okay.. I didnt think there was much variety .. If ur looking for somthi ng to snack on with coffee yes this place is for you but if your looking for a dessert like cake French macaroons and a big selection . then no
I LOVE this bakery!  It is a truly authentic French bakery - there is no doubt that the pastries are made fresh each morning.  I try to get there each morning - a great way to start the day!  My favorites are the chocolate and almond croissants!  The only two downsides are: 1) the bakery does not open until 8:30 a.m., which makes it hard to get there before work, and 2) I wish that they brewed fresh french-pressed coffee as well.  Even still, the bakery items still deserve 5 stars!
On a whim, we stopped by Chez Jacqueline for a late lunch last weekend. After perusing the displays we located a menu near the register and took a seat while deciding on what to order. We knew we wanted something heartier for lunch so opted for the ham, cheese, and asparagus crepe and the ham and cheese crepe. I do enjoy that she offers several types of cheese for the savory crepes. We also tried the strawberry crepe for dessert (because what's lunch without dessert?!) I initially wanted the apple but she was out. As we waited for our food many other people came in looking for that one special thing - only to be told she was already out. This is not a problem for me at all. It lets me know she's using fresh ingredients and won't be pulling backups out of a freezer! The savory crepes were very filling and the crepe itself was soft, thin, and slightly sweet. The strawberry crepe was warm, heavenly and a perfect finish to our meal. We also purchased a chocolate croissant to bring home to my daughter, which she really enjoyed. The only drawback is that (on the day/time we went) Jacqueline was working on her own. Because several people came in after we placed our order it was quite a while before she was even able to start our crepes. All in all, we spent a good hour there. However, the entire time only one other couple dined in. It seems the thing to do is take out. Jacqueline is kind, talkative, and genuine. She takes pride in her food and it shows. We will definitely return in the future.
Stopped by on a random visit and fell in love. Some of the best pastries I've ever had.
I knew we'd found a real French bakery run by a real French pastry chef when I saw her handwriting on the chalkboard outside. They don't teach Americans to write like that! Jodi pronounced the pain au chocolat to be the best she'd had outside France, better and more authentic than the pastry at Boulangerie des Halles in Epcot!France. I had a chocolate-raspberry souffle that looked like a cupcake but wasn't nearly as sweet; the delicate, moist chocolate cake of it was only as sweet as the raspberries inside, which was the perfect balance.
My parents are from Europe and love a French Bakeries.  This place is fantastic and authentic fresh pastries, food, homemade delicacy.  The almond and chocolate croissants are to die for!  Call ahead and make sure they have some.  I are the quiche also fabulous!  Seriously my parents introduced me to it and just a great bakery place.
Each time I've have visited Chez Jacqueline has been a delight. The moment you walk in, Jacqueline the cheery French woman who owns the business greets you. Jacqueline makes the majority of her dishes fresh daily, so there is some variety on the offerings. The environment is clean and tidy; however there is limited seating. On my first visit, I was a little surprised to find several tables that are set only for show (there is a sign asking patrons not to sit at these tables). It's cute, yet odd at the same time. On my most recent visit, I chose to try the ham and cheese friand. Jacqueline changes the traditional cake-like friand into something that resembles a pastry. The ham, cheese, and flaky crust went very well together. I was left wanting another, though I resisted. I also tried a croissant. The flaky exterior and fluffy interior were paired perfectly, although it is a bit messy to eat. I can easily say that both of these treats rival similar items I've had while traveling in France. Chez Jacqueline does require a $10 minimum purchase to use a credit card, which, needless to say, is annoying. So, just make sure you have some cash, or you'll be buying some extra items like I did. Overall, give this place a try; I doubt that you'll be disappointed by the taste and quality of the food.
Each visit to Chez Jacqueline has me appreciating something new and delightful, aside from the charm of the French baker and proprietor, Jacqueline. I was greeted with a "now serving crepes" sign and a expanded menu of sweet and savory crepes.(pic)  Will come back for those! This visit had me seeking out croissants for the next days breakfast and a baguette to enjoy with mussels. The plain croissants are still my favorite so buttery and flaky. But, the chocolate and almond croissants are a sweet departure if you crave some additional decadence with your pastry. My hubby  and folks love the chocolate stuffed croissants. If you are buying pastries for the next morning, give them a quick reheat in the oven at 300 degrees and you'll be very pleased. The crusty baguette was the perfect accompaniment to my mussels at dinner. Fresh, yeasty and it was delicious toasted or untoasted. When I mentioned our seafood dinner Jacqueline, she asked if I was stopping next door for my seafood purchase. I informed her that I was and received a smile and a nod, along with her pronouncing Lighthouse Seafood "The best seafood". It's nice when small businesses support each other.
First of all, Lakesha J. is completely right and I sincerely appreciate her review because I completely missed this place. Secondly, how come I didn't come here sooner?!? This delightful bakery/cafe has been open for six months and I could have been eating the most perfectly buttery, flaky, crisp, well-made cherry danish ($1) that WHOLE time. Everything you order is perfection, be it sweet or savory. Owner/operator/pâtissière extraordinaire Jacqueline is a peach and makes superior indulgences. She is a kind, generous, hard-worker. I think she might be my new crush. Sorry chef Tony from Big Wheel, but you've been ousted. Easy to lose out if you're not looking for it, Chez Jacqueline is located in the shopping plaza behind the 7-11 at the intersection of Lake Mary Blvd and Country Club Rd. in Lake Mary. Jacqueline advised that a website is in the works which will make deciding what you want to devour a lot easier. Or not. It's all SO good! Credit cards accepted for orders of over $10.
If you ever want to taste a little something from France, come to this place. Everything she makes is just delightful. When you walk In to this bakery, the vibe you would get is simplistic and elegant. The pastries are mouth-watering and Chez Jacqueline always greets you with a smile. The macaroons are absolutely amazing. Highly recommended!!
The raisin croissants are the best!  Simply amazing!  Almond pastries are terrific too!
Better pastries than in Paris, France. You must order the chocolate croissants. They are so delicious. One bite and you'll always come back. No preservatives and made that day. It is sinfully delicious.
Had the ham, spinach and cheese crepe. It was delicious! I will definitely return to try more crepes and maybe a pastry. Highly recommend!
I've been here about 6-7 times now and I'm never disappointed in whatever I decide to try.  For a long time I would go back on rare occasion to get the chocolate croissants which are amazing as are the raspberry twists but during my most recent visit I saw that she had a chocolate souffle with raspberry filling and couldn't resist. I picked up two of them for me and my girlfriend (who had never tried them).  We put a little home made whipped cream on top that we had left over from a dessert we made the night before and both agreed it was one of the best things we have ever had.   Most of the negative reviews on here are from those that stop in for the first time (probably in the afternoon) and are disappointed in the selection available.  You just have to realize that Jacqueline makes everything from scratch and doesn't use any preservatives so when she is out for the day then that is all.  If she made more then a lot would be wasted.  I would rather her do it this way than to serve day old pastries.  If you want something specific go early or call ahead and she is alway happy to make sure what you want is available.
What a delightful little place! I stopped here on a Saturday morning and enjoyed the chocolate banana crepes - they were fantastic! I took a chocolate croissant home for later, and it was also delicious (I stuck it in the toaster oven until it was warm - yum!). My roommate had a quiche with tomato and asparagus, and said it was "awesome." My only complaint is that there wasn't much seating... In fact, there were tables and chairs near the windows that were labled "decorative only," which was a bit annoying. Otherwise, great food and friendly service will keep me coming back for sure!
Jacqueline now makes delicious crepes. She had sweet (coconut, Nutella, dark chocolate, etc.) and savory (ham, cheese, turkey, etc.) She whips these up in just a few minutes and bit are they to die for! She makes the dark chocolate sauce herself and it tastes like the dark chocolate in the chocolate croissant. Today, she also had some spinach danishes and some mini chocolate raspberry cakes. We went with the crepe, a chocolate croissant and a fresh, hot baguette. Everything was delicious - per usual. I think I'm going to try a savory crepe for lunch later this week.
So happy I found Chez Jacqueline!! Pastries are as authentic as it gets, I feel like I'm in Paris every Saturday!! Chocolate croissants and coconut macaroons are my favorite. Thank you for making my weekends even better!
As soon as you walk in the door--BAM--you are enslaved by the aroma of buttery croissants and fresh bread.  The night before, my sister had said she wanted to try crepes--I knew that we should not go to an IHOP.  Instead, we went to Chez Jacqueline--best to start with the best!
Continuing my mission to find the perfect French Bakery here in the Orlando area, Chez Jacqueline is easily missed if blink it is located in the shopping plaza behind the 7-11 at the intersection of Lake Mary Blvd and Country Club Rd. in Lake Mary. Being my first visit I simply purchased a fresh baguette - still warm to the touch. That baguette didn't make it home....I ate it all within my 20min commute home!!
Formidable! Superbe! You must visit this amazing, totally authentic tiny French patisserie/bakery, somewhat surprisingly located in a very ordinary shopping plaza at the intersection of Lake Mary Blvd and Country Club Rd in Lake Mary. Mme. Jacqueline, the charming and gracious proprietor/patissière, makes tender, flaky croissants (including chocolate croissants, and almond croissants with the most delicious almond filling I've ever had), succulent mini-quiches perfect for lunch (the spinach and goat cheese I highly recommend), cupcake-sized coconut macarons, crème brulée and other refrigerated desserts, as well as excellent baguettes, and a galette des rois (pastry with almond filling for Three Kings' Day) that is paradisal.  Come early -- or your favorite pastry may be sold out for the day!
We discovered this fantastic place when my MIL send my husband a birthday dessert from here. It was so good that I had to stop by to see what else they had to offer and after tasting one amazing baguette, I will definitely be making a weekly stop to pick up fresh bread for my family because it without a doubt, beats anything my bread machine has to offer.
I can boast about many things concerning this That this bakery is better then most Patisseries en Paris. I am able to say this statement as I have been to Paris about 15 times- never on a "tour bus" and with all those stays adds to about 3.5 years... First, Chez J's is not a patisserie as someone suggested below, but more of a Boulangerie ( similar to those located in the Latin Quarter, only better, then just about anything in on Rive Gauche). The Baguette is superb, and made with a tradition steamer oven, ensuring you will get a very soft inner and nice hard crust. If you are lucky enough, and she still makes a Boule, grab it, as it is divine. The Croissant are most worthy of waking up an extra 15 minutes in the morning to truly enjoy,. As for the sweeter side of her store- anything and everything is good, Meringue, Chocolate mouse, Lemon Curd, and I agree whole heartily with previous blogger, as they are "yummy". Anything with framboise is is my favorite. *I suppose the "worse" thing about her store is that if she runs out of anything, especially a baguette, you will have to wait for her to make more- but it is worth it. I have found her to be very accepting of "call" in orders :-) *Best thing about her store- is not only is she wonderful (I am no more then a patron and do not know her personally) but so are  the baked goods she hand makes. Prices are good- but as I do, bring 2 twice as $  much, as you never know what else she might have as a  surprise, as she does this often.
Crazy good chocolate croissant and French bread!  I also had a delicious mushroom and cheese savory pastry, it was so creamy, cheesy, and good! Cute place and Jacqueline herself was warm, genuine, and friendly. Love local bakeries and this place is outstanding!
I love this place!  As I exit from my weekly purchase at Lighthouse Seafood, i can't help myself as I'm pulled into Chez Jacqueline by the beautiful scents of French pastries, croissants, and baquettes!  And Mme. Jacqueline is a complete delight!  Having spent a good deal of time in France, I can attest to the authenticity of everything that she makes.  Do yourself a favor and forget the diet and simply enjoy!!!
She does not have a good variety of tasty treats. In addition, she does not make her own coffee. Lastly, she doesn't take cards for purchases under $10.
This little gem would not be unusual in a neighborhood in Paris, but is a real find in central florida!  Everything here is just like Paris, where we are going in two weeks.  The pain au chocolat is one of my favorites and her's is just like Paris.  The bread is so much better than what you can find elsewhere and the pastries are to die for.  Buy some flan or the chocolate soufflés for your next party and you will look brilliant!
Stopped in for a chocolate croissant and picked up a few items to take with us. Small inviting place with a couple tables.  The owner was cooking some good looking crepes when we arrived.  They looked very good...spinach and cheese...I want to sit down and try next time.
You know when you take your first bite of something and you think to yourself, "holy moly, that's delicious"!  and then you hold all others up to that standard?  Chez Jacqueline's coconut macaroons are the best I have EVER consumed.  I tried one from Croissant Gourmet this weekend and it made me yearn for Chez Jacqueline's. I presume the woman who greeted me all three times I went into the bakery is Jacqueline.  She is a sweetheart.  She is friendly and accommodating.   So, "why three stars?" you ask?  The three times I have been in the bakery there has been a very small selection.  I was lucky to have tried the coconut macaroons on my first trip, because those are what motivated me go back the next two times, however she didn't have any macaroons those two times.  She told me they sell out quickly.  No kidding, they're to die for.  Anyway, I asked her if I call earlier in the day could she save me two when I stop by later in the day, and she said that was no problem.  A couple of weeks later I called twice during the first hour of business and there was no answer.   Also, because there is not a large selection of pastries, if she doesn't have what you want, there isn't much to tempt you into buying a substitute.   Long story short, the three stars is because of the inconvenience.  This is the kind of bakery I will use for placing orders, not for dropping by on a whim.
wow went there today and tried the chocolate croissant, creme brulee and plain croissant but i have to say the star of the show is the chocolate croissant for $2 + you get to experience the most flaky buttery delicious chocolate croissant that could compete anywhere, after all jacqueline is authentically french. that is my favorite the plain croissant is also very very flaky and delicate. be aware though she only has two tables with two chairs, so if those are taken you will be standing. i have to try her crepes next time!! umm nutella anyone? this place is a winner ! The Tony Montana of food
This little bakery is a bit hard to find. It's in a strip mall with very little signage. We visited on a Thursday afternoon and the selection was not great. The cake case was completely empty.  We had a chocolate croissant and chocolate cake. I guess I was expecting a little more to choose from. The chocolate croissant was great. The chocolate cake ended up having a raspberry filling which was not advertised, so that was a bit disappointing since my friend doesn't like raspberry. It seems like a nice little bakery, but it did not live up to the hype and left me wanting more.
This place is amazing I had the chocolate croissants and it just melted in my mouth. The owner was a very warm individual and she had the cutest accent. I'm going back here as long as they are open.
The coconut macaroons are AH-MAZING! Like insanely good. It's huge, gooey and so amazing.
I was excited to go try this bakery after reading reviews. Disappointment. Walked in and all I saw were a couple macaroon cookies in one tray, couple cookies on a another tray and some bread...Was not impressed. Rather go to Publix.  Store sign was painted on the window and I had to look twice to find.
I finally get to try Jacqueline's handiwork, but do you think I could find this place without the GPS?  I told madame that she really needs a sign.  For the uninitiated, it's right next door to the seafood place.  She was out of coconut macaroons.  I settled on ordering deux douzaine to take back to Hong Kong, and an immediate sweet treat for my bride (et moi aussi).  The fruit tart at $3.95 is really a touch on the small side (5", I'm guessing), but what it lacked in quantity, QUALITY stepped in to fill the void.  The mix of the raspberry and blueberry filling, with the texture of the slivers of almonds, the raspberry seeds, and the delicate tart crust setting off each other in the most amazing way, was beyond words.  To be honest, it wasn't much to look at; but close your eyes and savor the mastery that's pitch-perfect, and you realize that price doesn't matter sometimes.  It also didn't hurt that Madame Jacqueline was charming and gracious to a 'T', and most accommodating.  So listen up, peeps: go see Jacqueline for some excellent baked goods of many different varieties NOW - a talented and intrepid entrepreneur like her deserves your business.  I know it's a bit out of the way for me, but I'll be back, and not just to pick up my macaroons on Tuesday!  A bientot, madame.
After I voted yesterday, I decided to go to Chez Jacqueline since it hadn't been there in a while. I was craving a sandwich. As I walked in the door, I saw a sign for savory & sweet crepes. The day before I had a craving for a Nutella crepe. I was planning a search for a local creperie. Well, my search ended. I ordered 2 ham & cheese sandwiches, which is 1 baguette for both sandwiches, ham, goat cheese, cornichons, tomato & butter. I ordered a muffin for my grandma. It was a blueberry muffin, filled with sweet cream. Jacqueline made me a Nutella crepe. When I got home, I spent some serious alone time with the crepe. It was heavenly. It was perfect. The sandwich was fantastic. The cheese & cornichons gave it that amazing creamy & crunchy texture I love. My grandmother couldn't eat the sandwich I got her. But she had the muffin. She said that hadn't had a muffin like before. "This is delicious", she shouted. My aunt was on the phone during the muffin exchange. She asked me to show her where Chez Jacqueline is. I said, "absolutely".
Fabulous NEW French bakery! Finally, Lake Mary has a wonderful French Bakery; fantastic croissants, excellent baked goods. Jacqueline is there and baking away. And she is also open on Sunday! Check it out, chocolate croissants to die for!
Absolutely the best! The croissants are awesome (the chocolate are a special treat) and the creme brule is out of this world.  A true find.
What a fabulous find. The most delicious and authentic French pastries. The owner is very warm and personable. We had the croissants today- chocolate, almond & plain- and we will go back to try the other desserts.
jacqueline est superbe !! this place a place of france in lake mary. if you ever had real french pastries and miss it, well here is the area you have to go. Not only does she have fresh pastries every single day, and awesome french bread with croissant and pain au chocolat, she has king's cake ( galette des rois ) and it is definitely something you want to have. She is a sweet lady that loves her food and enjoys others loving it. I would so recommend her to anyone.
Discovered this French Bakery on Yelp and decided to visit. The place is wonderful, the service the best.  We were not intending to sit down and eat but Jacqueline was so enthusiast we could not resist trying one of her Nutella Banana Crepes.  She whipped one up in a few minutes and it was delicious.  Ordering an almond croissant to go was a huge mistake because it never made it out the door, one bite and we simply had to finish eating it.  Can not wait to go back and sample more delights and try one Chez Jacqueline's breakfast.  So happy to have found a true French Bakery right here in Lake Mary,
Went for the first time to check out the coconut macaroons, which are huge and delectable, but my tastebuds preferred the less sugary, yet buttery, chocolate  croissants! Would come back just for those.  Didn't find much of a variety in selection. Hoping to try the breads next time.
