This place is amazing! The vegan menu is such a delight. The Plantain Emoladas and the Black Bean Enchiladas are particularly delicious. Everything tastes super fresh and the flavors will surprise you. Not your typical vegan fare. We've been to De la Vega three times and will certainly go back as soon as we can!
Oh my freaking god, this place is awesome. Everything is fresh and all the flavors are perfectly blended. This place was recommended to us 2 years ago and I feel like we wasted those last 2 years eating at other restaurants. The house specialty are the asparitas. We ordered 6 to split two ways and wanted more. Poole con mole was delicious. Even something as simple as the refried beans were incredible. Can't recommend this place enough. Don't wait! Go now!
We did not expect to find such a place!  We were afraid we'd have to settle for a vegetarian sub at Subway, instead, we found a great little place with excellent food and friendly, attentive service!   The vegan enchiladas were great, as were the vegan Aspirinas!  The enchiladas came with black beans over rice, so the extra cup of soup we ordered really wasn't needed.  So often chefs add loads of fat and oil to vegan offerings: thankfully, the chef here saw no need to do so while still providing excellent taste and mouthfeel. You can bet we will be back when we next visit DeLand!
We love to eat here! We usually get several tapas to share amongst the table. Chicken empanadas are at the top of our list.   We love classier style of the restaurant yet the atmosphere is relaxed.
This review is to keep the good word going about De la Vega. We went for dinner last night and tried a couple of dishes we hadn't had before. I ordered the fisheladas, which are enchiladas but stuffed with fish and dressed with a very light cheese sauce. Delicious! My husband had the Cactus salad which he pronounced very good. It was beautifully plated and included fresh pineapple and greens. He and my sister also had a cup of the plantain soup and both of them loved it. I tasted that and it is yummy! As usual the wine selection and sangria are outstanding. We are so proud to have this wonderful restaurant in our town!
Very good food, reasonable prices and nice atmosphere. Highly recommended.
Tremendous surprise in DeLand! We were visiting my elderly in-laws nearby, and after two nights of eating good-but-not-great food at the dining room of an upscale retirement home, we offered to buy dinner "off campus".  The in-laws suggested De la Vega (they had never eaten there but the reputation was good). I will be brief:  we were expecting Spanish tapas but what this restaurant offers is more of a Latin fusion style of tapas.   1.  Aspirinas, a perfect appetizer of little masa patties topped with black beans, tomatoes, onions, quedo fresco and sour cream, garnished with a tomatillo sauce.  Comments at the table ranged from very good to excellent. 2.  Nopalitos, a grilled prickly pear cactus,topped with cheese, pineapple, red bell pepper and smoky guajillo pepper.  Most of the table found the guajillo on the bitter side but I liked it. 3. Plantains topped with a balsamic infused mixture of hibiscus, red bell pepper, quedo fresco and cilantro.  Unanimously delicious. 4.  Avocados stuffed with shrimp, lime and red onions.  Taste was great but the odd thing was a hot topping on a cold avocado base, a little awkward. 5.  Ajito de pescado, a grilled fish fillet on a spread of black beans, onions and zucchini.  The best thing I ate all night. 6.  Pollo en mole, a sort of Caribbean take on the Mexican standard.  Served on a sweet red pepper and rice.  The mole was very subtle, not as chocolat-ey as I am used to but very good nonetheless.  This was the one dish that could have used some heat.  Overall the food is nicely seasoned but never really spicy. 7.  Paired it with a wonderful Argentinian Malbec (del Fin del Mundo). Service by the delightful Nicolette was superb and earned her a healthy tip. Live music on Saturday night that added ambience without too much volume.  We sat very close to the singer/guitarist and could still have plenty of table conversation. Overall ... Outstanding.  Worth driving out from Orlando.
Excellent place.  Quaint yet bright and new era.  Food is fantastic,  service is great and music is wonderful.   A must visit to all my peeps.
This place was GREAT!!! We had: Ajito de Pescado Taquiza de Camaron Aspirinas Plantain Tacitas Enchilada Combo Every item we ordered was truly fantastic. We ordered full orders of each item that was off the  tapas menu and the portion size was very good. The only item we ordered that was not from the tapas menu was the enchilada combo and it's portion size was also quite good. I'm telling you if you want some very unique food that is just bursting with flavor and really nicely presented this is your place. Our server was Jennifer........haven't had better service anywhere in recent years.......she was great!!! I'm telling you......TRY IT !!!!!!
Great atmosphere, great service, and the food is awesome!  Hope to see Manni or his sister there soon.
Expensive, bland food. Looks good on the menu but doesn't taste like anything resembling Mexican or Spanish food. Good service...noisy room.
Stopped in last Friday night. Had the chicken Empanados, the Avocado Relenos and the chips with salsa, queso and quocomole .  Too much for 2 people so took some home. Food, wine & beer was wonderful. Very noisy inside with high ceilings and hard floors but otherwise was wonderful.
This was our first time here, and we loved it. We especially impressed by the large array of vegetarian and seafood options. The food was flavorful and interesting. Try the plantain soup. It was amazing. We also enjoyed the taqueria pescado and the plantains. Yum!
Their slogan is "Flavor is Passion...Savor the Difference!" I really wanted to like this place.  We drove out to De Land specifically to try it.  The good news is every thing here is very pretty.  The art is beautiful.  The contrast of the square white plates over the black table cloth feels refined.  There is beauty in the old building and the new fresh take on Mexican food.  Unfortunately the food has no flavor.  None.  It was as if they took the flavor out of foods that naturally have flavor.  I ordered the tamales with poblano peppers, steamed corn meal mush, it's really what you add to them that make them taste like something.   My husband ordered the Tacos Vegetarianos, again no flavor.  The black beans had no seasoning.  No garlic, no onion, not even salt. The avocado sauce tasted like yesterday's guacamole watered down.  Even the iced tea was bad.  We ended up asking for more pico de gallo to make our food taste like something.   Along with the art there are several TVs playing a loop of the restaurant's own commercial.  The brainwashing didn't work.  If "Flavor is Passion" there is no passion in this food.
You will love their take on Mexican, it's modern and eclectic and most importantly, satisfying. (Heaven for vegetarians and vegans as well.)
I happen to be in lovely DeLand for work and I wanted to stop at Cress, but they're not open for lunch.  So much the better because I had a lovely lunch outdoors watching people leisurely stroll to and fro.  Small towns are so peaceful.   To start, I used a check-in for a free aspirina.  It was a good small arepa of sorts.   For my lunch, I had the mole tacos and were they off the chart good with a beautiful presentation.  This is perhaps one the top 5 best moles I've ever had.  The hints of chocolate were there, but not too much.  The same balance was made between sweet and savory.  I just wish I had had some bread to sop it up with.   So boo for Cress not serving lunch, but Yay for Cress not serving lunch.  DeLand now has me sold on two spots.
I try to reserve five star ratings for reataurants which truly deserve it, and De La Vega is definitely among the few. The quality of food is well above the competition in the area, especially mexican food.  Its also one of the few restaurants catering to vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free diets--although you would never know if you tasted the food.  I try to order something different every time and have never been disappointed once.  Last, I make the drive out from Daytona Beach for this spot specifically, so I suppose that says a lot.  Highly recommended dinner location.
For many years, we would find our way to Penachos on Woodland Blvd. because it was the best restaurant in Deland.  Now that Cress Restaurant around the corner is getting all the press, we wanted to do a comparison trip to old Penachos and found it has a new name "De la Vega".  Might be a new name but Chef Nora is still the "Best in all Volusia County".  In addition to the wonderful things you will read in these Yelp reviews about the tapas, entrees and desserts, De la Vega offers the only "Vegan Menu" we've found East of Ethos in Winter Park, FL.  We love the food, ambiance and service at De la Vega.  Can't wait to do it again.
AMAZING!  I know this is a little late coming but my hubby and I were there on New Years Eve and it was nothing short of awesome! We have been there in the past and it was some of the best food I have ever had. A very classy place yet down to earth and casual and Chef Nora and her staff make you feel right at home. One of the best dining experiences in DeLand.
I was introduced to this place by a colleague while we were traveling in De Leon Springs for work. I liked it so much that I couldn't wait for another work trips just to eat here again. On my last go round, I had the hibiscus tacos, which were so delicious. The texture and the flavors were like nothing I had ever tasted in a a vegetarian taco. I'm sad I only get to eat here when I travel. I am a vegetarian with medical restrictions which make me more like a vegan, and this place is awesome if you are vegan.  This is one of those places where it feels like the chef is back there making the meals for you every time you come. If you are anywhere in the vicinity, you owe it to yourself to try it at least once. On my last go round, I went alone and ate outside under their awning. A spring thunderstorm came by and soaked the street, which gave me a great reason to hang around. Sitting outside and watching Deland go by is a huge plus. All in all, a great experience. I will eat here at least once every time I travel to the area.
Just had lunch here.  There were 6 of us and every one had something different.  My wife and I shared 4 small  tapas plates.  They were absolutely delicious, best tapas ever, even compared to this we had on a number of occasions in Spain.  One of the best lunches we have harm anywhere!  Ray M
Formerly known as the tex-mex restaurant Penachos, the transformation to De La Vega is a tremendous welcome. DeLand is overwhelmed with tex-mex restaurants, so to have authentic Mexican is extremely refreshing. De La Vega one of the classiest restaurants downtown. The decor is modern and clean, with the artwork of Hispanic artists displayed around the restaurant. The restaurant looks particularly warm in the evening with the candles lit on the table. The food is outstanding. For appetizers, I highly recommend the aspirinas or the trio sauce sampler (queso, guacamole, salsa). The queso contains crabmeat and is very rich and so delicious. With entrees, you can't go wrong. Everything is amazing. My personal favorite is the fish tamal, which is a filet of cherry snapper, served atop an open corn husk of Mexican black beans. The dish is served with rice pilaf and a fresh, crunchy cabbage salad. While, I have yet to try all the desserts, you can't go wrong with the flan. The restaurant has a decent wine list - and almost all of them you can order by the glass. I enjoyed the sangria, but if you're into sweeter sangria, this may not be for you. Also, I had the good fortune of going to De La Vega on Ladies Night, which is on Wednesdays. They serve two for one champagne drinks and they're awesome. Definitely a great way to get yourself through the middle of the week!
Perhaps I am a bit judgmental on ol' Deland, but I was certainly not expecting to find delecious spanish/latin american fusion upscale cuisine here. De La vega delivered. Delicious moles (some of the best I have had since traveling to Oaxaca) , very creative hibiscus tacos (which my vegetarian GF devoured and said were the best thing she has eaten in quite a while. Complimentary wine tastings of some of my favorite Argentian malbec's. I highly suggest the Ajito de Pescado, my favorite tapa of the night. Even my dad who is a pretty picky eater was impressed at how flavorful all our choices were. The flan was amazing, they even sang my poor embarrassed gf a happy birthday tune. Our waitress was a a delight as well. Will be returning soon! Note: this is not TexMex or your regular americanized crap-cheese+sour cream-covered mexican that some people may be used to. So come with an open-mind and palate and you will be very pleased.
We first tried this place when it was Penachos. We weren't that impressed and didn't go back until after they had their makeover. One of daughters and I have tried the place for lunch and brunch recently. The cheese dip and the guacamole are both delicious and flavorful. The chips are also warm, crispy and light. If you like spicy salsa, you must give De La Vega's a try.   I have tried the fish tacos, and they are delicious and not skimpy of the fish. I also tried the Huevos Divorcianos, for brunch. It is two eggs each served on a tortilla. One with red sauce and one with green sauce. Some of the best I have had. You should also try the sangria. This is probably the most upscale of the Deland Mexican restaurants.
Thanks to yelp I discovered this gem of a restaurant. I must say it did not disappoint! If you want to enjoy the love and passion that a chef has for their food...this is your place. I had the pleasure to speaking with the chef. Chef Nora has a passion for palate and staying true to her traditions. I did find out that she likes to make everything from scratch and use ingredients available based on the seasons. I highly recommend the Aspirinas for starters and the Huarache de Nopal. The sauce for the Huarache was amazing! (if she had that bottled I would have bought a few bottles) The Sangria was perfect. This was such a great experience that we went back for breakfast! The Huevos Rancheros and Huevos De La Vega were superb! I was tempted to order a second order of huevos! The service was friendly and efficient. Look forward to visiting Deland again just to eat here again!
Another fabulous dinner! Love this restaurant.  The food is soooo tasty!  And so beautifully plated. Such attention to the food - and the patrons! They were super kind and attentive to my allergies (msg, soy, and more but those are the biggies) and helped me pick plates that would not give me a migraine.  Yea!   I am glad I can trust them.  (It isn't always the case...unfortunately...)
Stopped in Downtown DeLand after a collectibles show. De la Vega was top rated so we decided to check it out. Started off with the trio of salsa, queso and guacamole. All were excellent but the chips were store-bought rounds out of a bag rather than homemade. For $7 you'd expect homemade chips. Checked in via Yelp and scored a free tapas appetizer, the Asperinas which are corn patties topped with refrained black beans, red onion, cheese and sour cream. The patties were tasty but the toppings didn't really stand out. A little drizzle of the garnish sauce on top of the patties would have gone a long way IMHO. For entrees we ordered the fish tacos which were prepared with the traditional corn tortillas and the tamale in a blanket, a pork, chicken or poblano tamale inside a chile relleno. I chose pork. The tamale was served with rice and a sort of pico de gallo / cole slaw hybrid that was so-so by itself but accented the tamale quite nicely when eaten together. The rice was delicious all by itself. The pork in the tamale was tender and still pink and paired nicely with the slight bitterness of the pepper and tanginess of the queso fresco. The fish tacos were good but not the best I've tasted. All in all, the food was tasty but a bit bland. As someone who has grown up on Tex-Mex, I expect bold spice and flavor and these dishes fell somewhat short. I do applaud their creativity and presentation though and overall I was impressed with this quaint little restaurant in small town Central Florida. I would return. If you're looking for delicious, authentic Central Mexican / Mayan food, I recommend Casa Maya in St. Augustine.
This restaurant not only has great food, it also has amazing customer service. We tried to use a groupon and for some reason it didn't work. After settling it with groupon manny not only gave me the money back for the groupon he also gave me a $15 gift card to the restaurant. He was so courteous and it wasn't even his fault. Support this local restaurant. Not only is the food melt in your mouth fantastic, they are loyal to their customers. Something you don't find often anymore. This place is top notch!
Yo. Salmon.  Delicious. I love this spot.  We had a large group and a great experience.  Every dish we tried was delicious.
The food is good quality but overpriced. The wine is overpriced as well ($12 for one glass? Ridiculous). I really wanted to like it more, but I think the quality does not equal the price.
Outstanding.  Their tagline says it all - "Flavor is Passion".   We stumbled across this place by accident, and it's a real gem.  This is creative, high-end Mexican, with big bold flavors and complete attention to detail.   The Aspirinas, small crispy masa patties topped with beans, tomato, onion and cheese were a delicious way to start the meal.  My wife had the lime-marinated Grouper Veracruz, steamed in banana leaves with peppers, corn and carrots, which was outstanding.  The sauce was a taste sensation - perfect.  The waitress recommended the Huaraches de Nopal to me, a perfectly cooked chicken breast topped with poblano peppers, cream cheese and a mild red sauce served on a grilled cactus leaf, and it was delicious - big flavor and very satisfying.  The cactus tasted amazing. If you're used to Tex-Mex or other mediocre examples of Mexican-influenced foods that all seem to taste the same, this place will be a real eye-opener.  The prices are reasonable, and the food delicious - you won't be disappointed!
This place is a quaint little restaurant in DeLand. Blink and you might miss it as you drive by, but boy would you be missing out. De La Vega is not only a great place to eat, it's a place for Vegetarians to go eat off the menu, and vegans can eat here with a few omissions. Their menu said that they were famous for the Aspirinas, so I gave them a try. WOW, they were amazing. You have to get these when you go here, even if it's just an appetiser to split with the rest of your friends; you are missing out if you don't get these. Overall, this is an A+ place for anybody to go eat, meat eaters, vegetarians, vegans, and gluten free diets all have something here they can eat.
I don't usually go out for dinner, and seeing as Oviedo has very, very little in the way of veg-friendly (or, unfortunately, tasty) fare, I venture into Winter Park, downtown Orlando, and now DeLand for food. Deland mught be a long ways out, but De la Vega makes it worth it. The decor was lovely and I was able to nab a spot by the window, and the service was a little slow, but very friendly and the restaurant was packed. I genuinely don't like tex-mex, but this place doesn't serve tex-mex at all. Their Mexican food is fresh and flavourful. I ordered the cheese Flautas, which were full of deep-fried tastiness but not greasy or heavy in the least, and azteca potatoes as a side. By all means, try them out.
Went here with a group of 9 for my dad's birthday. I don't live in Florida, but next time I visit I'm coming back here!! They were very accommodating of our large group. Almost everyone took advantage of the 2 for 1 margaritas (fantastic by the way). Aspirinas are to die for. For my entree I had tacos with chicken and cilantro, yum! For dessert, flan rules. Best of all, their prices are extremely fair. De La Vega is truly a gem and I hope they stick around DeLand for a long time.
Excellent lunch. Quick, friendly and efficient service. Wonderful Mexican/Spanish cuisine. We will return on our next visit.
Great food. Really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Friendly staff. I can safely say this is in the top 5 overall restaurants in Deland, if not number one. Definitely recommend.
We ate here today and it was wonderful food! I ordered the fish enchiladas, best I ever had. It was expensive for lunch but well worth every penny.
What an amazing restaurant in downtown DeLand. I tried this place on a whim from friend's recommendations. I love that this restaurant has a downtown location with nice window seating. We tried the queso and chips appetizer with the house made sangria. The sangria was amazing, it had a nice, strong flavor. I like my sangria strong! For lunch my friend and I had the combination enchiladas and the hibiscus tacos. Enchiladas were different types of cheese and some chicken. The enchilada sauces were black bean, mole, green chili, and red pepper. They were all wonderful but I have to say the chocolatey mole was fantastic! My friend had ordered the hibiscus tacos, which we found out did not have meat in them. I must admit I scoffed at this idea. The hibiscus tacos have dried hibiscus flowers that are cooked in spices and basically sautéed together where it's almost like a meat substitute. Wow, the flavor was amazing, they had so much flavor and such a nice chewy, meaty texture. I was in love with them! I would definitely go back for dessert but I was so stuffed this time I couldn't eat any. Great place and really unique dishes. I would love to try the cactus and chicken next time. It has peeled cactus (which is similar to eggplant texture) and roasted chicken. Definitely going to try more menu items next time.
This is a nice little place. As others have mentioned, the aspirinas are incredible. Our group of four actually tried every variety as an appetizer, and they were all great. The rest of the menu is a nice mix of Americanized Mexican and more authentic fare. All of us enjoyed our dishes, and our server was attentive, and prompt to fix a minor error. Nice cozy place in DeLand.
Walking downtown Deland, weren't sure where we were going to eat. Nice trendy looking spot and it has the aire of 'hey, I'm a trendy place and i know it and you'll try something new here'. We were able sit outside, streetfront, which was really nice. At first we were like man, the service is slow and do they know we're sitting here?, but now I just think its just that kind of place where you plan on spending some time because it ends up being worth it. I'm not really into Mexican for the most part, but this wasn't the same old Mexican I end up getting and then thinking it tasted like what i could just make myself at home. We had tapas, nopalito and empanadas, with some sangria. Presentation was superb and really some great flavors. They didn't even mind that we ducked into the sweet shop next door to get chocolate covered bacon for dessert. Glad we chose this place :)
Great quality food! So fresh an presented beautifully. Only downfall is no liquor license. Margaritas are made with wine so don't be fooled and the cheapest wine by the glass was 9$ so that's a little pricey but the food definitely makes it worth it.
Yum! Our Aspirinas appetizers were light and crunchy and smooth. Manny does a really nice job, and his restaurant is the nicest experiences in Downtown DeLand, except for Cress Restaurant. The meals sometimes combine traditional favorites with clever twists.
born and raised in Deland and I couldn't believe something like this was right downtown LOL the food is very good !!! I love the atmosphere and service as well.
Excellent, excellent, excellent.  It is a different kind of Mexican restaurant.  I didn't see anything on the menu that I didn't want to try.  I am looking for a reason to return.
Took the family  out here for our first time. This place was a mad house because of the local beerfest going on but luckily we got a table. Our waitress was super friendly right off the bat and took our drink orders, I grabbed a glass of the sangria and my mom and wife got the margaritas (which was on a two for one special). Upon checking in, I saw that the restaurant offered a free aspirinas so we had to go ahead and get that. When it was time to order my wife chose the chicken enchiladas, my pops went for the chicken tamales, mom selected the Avocado Grilled Salmon Salad, and I picked the chorizo tacos. The aspirinas came out first which for the most part, everyone liked. Shortly after, everyone's food was brought out. I enjoyed my tacos but the plantains side that I chose was very bland and disappointing. My wife enjoyed her enchiladas which I tried and they were pretty good. My dad didn't like the tamales at all and said that they were bland and not tasty, he was right on that one. My mom enjoyed her dish which wasn't a surprise because she likes everything. All in all it was a good experience here. I highly doubt my parents would go back but even though I'm an out-of-towner, I wouldn't mind trying the place again.
Food was authentic & really good! Prices are good also
Pretty average food. Was disappointed that the chips were not fresh (basically, Tostitos) and the hot salsa was bland. The Paella Mixta was okay and the Combination Enchildadas were a mixed bag (some good, some not).  The service was good, but it's difficult to see how this rates 4.5 stars for other reviewers.
Spectacular food, wonderful service, great prices and an inviting casual atmosphere. I strongly suggest black bean soup, pollo con mole poblano and tres leches cake with Mexican coffee. You'll not be disappointed! Via De La Vega!
This is honestly the best Mexican restaurant I've to in a very, very, very long time. The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed, the service was exceptional and lets not start on the food. Their menu is fresh and unique. What is interesting to me is that there are a lot of vegetarian options which was unexpected. What is even better is that they don't just substitute cheese in their meals and call it a vegetarian meal... no.... they actually make a delectable, palatable vegetarian that stands alone and can even rival their meat options. The food is not smothered in cheese and guac; this is truly authentic! It's refreshing to see someone do Mexican the right way. I had the Cinco Tazas (Fresh squash stuffed with ripe plantains and covered in a red mild sauce made with hints of cilantro). Although the squash was fried, it was not greasy or overly cooked; it was perfectly balanced by way of savoriness and sweetness. The prices are fair considering how delicious the food is. Also, I usually am disappointed with the desserts in Mexican restaurants but this place was an exemption. The Mexican coffee was also divine. Definitely hit this place up.
This is not your normal American style Mexican place. The owner/chef here actually enjoys the art of cooking and creating. The menu is creative and delicious; we all loved everything we ordered, and indeed what each other ordered!   The place is modern and stylish, and the staff is attentive and nice. We Loved our experience and are looking for a reason to return to DeLand just for DeLaVega.
The aspirinas are delicious, and the enmoladas (I like them with plantains) are great.  Always great sangria!
This place is a great little find in the cute town of Deland.  I've lived in Orlando for a long time and just recently discovered how cute downtown Deland is.  This restaurant is Mexican with a twist. We really enjoyed everything we got and our server was really helpful. Definitely give this place and downtown Deland a shot!
Stopped in for dinner and tried the baby greens salad topped with salmon w/ avocado sauce and a citrus dressing on the greens. I usually ordered with toppings on side, not sure why I didn't request this time, guess I was thinking that it would be a very light dressing. The presentation was nicely done, and served with a few pieces of a deep fried cheese on the plate? interesting, but not that flavorful. I would have preferred a nice roll or bread to go along with the salad. I did find that the salad had way too much dressing and after  couple of bites it appeared that the whole salad was just swimming in the two sauces, which in my opinion did not mix well. I tried to strain out some of the lettuce, but my tummy complained later about the small amount I did eat. If you want to try I would suggest ordering with the dressing on the side. House wine ran $8.00-$11.00 a glass. A bit overpriced for dinner and wine.
Had an early Sunday dinner here after visiting our son who works at Stetson Univ. Delicious bright, light Mexican inspired cuisine. Mexican food can be so predictable. Heavy goops of cheese slavered over pasty burritos and greasy beans and rice. Not here The portions are not huge which is healthful. Menu  selection allows you to put together  your own plate...2 sides of your choice. These included unusual parings of roasted potatoes and carrots, squash and green pepper condiments. Two for one drinks are a special offer. Try it, you'll like it.
Looking for a mexican restaurant since there isnt anything good in my area and tried de la vega. Went on a wedsday which was ladies nite....1/2 price margaritas and sangrias. Yelp had a free offer for the aspirina tapas....excellent. Caitlyn was great. Had steak tacos which were really good. Also had chix empanadas with mole sauce...good but a strange flavor. Would definately go back
The Aspirinas are amazing.  You may not even make it to the main course.  On a nice day sitting outside is the best.
We have eaten at family owned and operated  De la Vega several times in the last few months and the food has been consistently delicious! I am officially in love with their Cinco Tazas (plaintain stuffed zucchini fried and topped with seafood sauce sounds weird but tastes magical) and Aspirinas (handmade flour tortillas shells with delicious toppings). My friend had fish that was excellent, and they have wonderful wines and good sangria specials! Scrumptious flan was a perfect ending to our meal. Original art work on the walls and fantastic live music on the weekend by a sophisticated duo-love those guys! Be sure to visit this downtown DeLand treasure!
We went based on the mixed reviews and We loved it ! We ordered Apple and Strawberry Margaritas, Paella mixta and the special which was Sirloin over Yuca. Topped it off with cheesecake and Tres leches cake - which was Fantastic ! I'll be back.
We drove 30 minutes just to try this place, and we were not disappointed! As other reviewers have noted, the aspirinas were really outstanding. We opted to have chorizo added to them. My son got the pollo en mole poblano. It was wonderful. My husband, who usually gets the worst dish on the menu, triumphed with the tastiest dish on the table, huarache de nopal. Both these dishes came with what is probably the most amazing slaw I have ever tasted. I had the enchilada combo. I enjoyed it, but it was the only dish we weren't blown away by. It may just be me though. I ordered this on the server's suggestion. I thought it was a good idea because I wanted to try so many things, however I neglected to take into account that I am not the hugest fan of enchiladas. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my food, but it paled in comparison to the other three amazing ones. Service was really great. It was relaxed, yet attentive. Presentation was very nice. I loved the artwork on the walls. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu. Like I said it's a 30 minute drive, but that's not going to deter me from going back, and soon!
Went to De La Vega for the first time this past Saturday, the food was great and so was the service.
My family and I eat at De La Vegas on a regular basis.  We love it.  It is not a typical American-style Mexican restaurant, however.  You will not be served runny, refried beans on an enormous platter.  This Mexican food is more gourmet and unusual--plaintain enmoladas, aspiranas, rajas, vegetarian tamales, etc.  We are vegetarians and are very happy that there are so many options for us.  They are even willing to make almost anything vegetarian by substituting a choice of ingredients for the meat.  It is one of our two favorite DeLand restaurants (the other is Cress).
