Great food with very reasonable prices. Service is always top notch besides a certain  flustered bartender.You won't miss with this place
I am going again Monday night for my second visit this month. Just realized I had not reviewed my first visit.  So here it is....7:30 reservations on a Monday night and we still waited a short time.  Had the night been a disappointment I would have thought this was a problem.  But OMG... What a wonderful experience!  Great atmosphere, great service and great food.  I don't consider myself a food snob and quite frankly had my doubts about eating here. I'm not one of those people that judges a trendy restaurant by the number of people that saw me eating there. THIS PLACE HIT ALL THE MARKS!!  I recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal in Buffalo. (btw..check it out on Monday nights....well seasoned staff that take pride in their "Mondays")
my first time there, others in the party had been there previous. The atmosphere was impressive, from what I understand the building had been a factory in it's past life. We arrived promptly at five per our reservation, were told the table wasn't ready yet (?) were sat at the bar until it could be readied.      Fortunately it didn't take long for the table to be readied, and our service (staff) throughout the meal was great. I can't say the same for the wine, which despite trying several small samples from several kinds, was bitter, and not a sweet wine to be found amongst them (even the "sweet" ones). In the words of my mother it was "the worst wine she ever had"  A disappointment for the whole party for the occasion.     Impressive menu, with plently to pick from, our party split three appetizers: the Calamari, "Fondue for two" and the hot banana peppers. I don't eat Calamari, but can only go by the words of the others that it was in fact delicious. The Fondue for two was spectacular, the dip sauce rich and creamy, fresh, the meat and vegetable selections that came with, again, delicious, the dish was perfect.     Banana peppers were cooked just right, and the cheese and sauce were delcious, but the peppers had no spice or real flavor to them, I know occasioanlly you'll find a fruit or vegetable in the bunch that has no real flavor, so I don't really blame the Left Bank for this, I think it was just one of those things...my bro in law split the last of the three peppers, and that seemed to have a little more flavor. Perhaps upon a return trip, i'll try them again.    For a main course I had Cellentani, served with grilled chicken, grape tomatoes, mozzarella, and served in a basil pesto cream sauce, it was perfection. Nice sized portion, fresh ingredients, vibrant flavor, no complaints other than i'm disappointed mine didn't come with a side salad, as it seemed the rest of my party's dishes did. Fortunately, they were willing to share, and I can say nothing but good things about the fresh, delicious side salad with a great tangy vinagrette. Others in our party had steak, which was fine, and no complaints on any of the other entrees. They did take quite a while to come out with the food however, long after the side salads and appetizers were done for, but i'm on the fence about it, it was a little bit annoying, but on the other hand everything had been made fresh, and was worth the wait. Staff was prompt to keep bread coming, and our water and sodas filled.      We were too full to partake in desert, so I couldn't tell you anything about them.    A wonderful experience neigh the minor things listed in the review, and loses a star from me for the terrible wine (again, all sampled were extremely bitter, even the "sweet" ones, and had little flavor.) And couldn't quite understand why we were made to wait (albeit a short while) for a table for 5 in a (at the time of arrival) empty restaurant. Otherwise than that, no real complaints, it was worth the money, the atmosphere was nice, (could get a little loud at times) and I wouldn't mind going back. Worth your try.
Left Bank is the kind of place that you'll never have a bad meal. It has a kind of dark and romantic ambiance. Voted most Romantic Restaurant, it is the perfect place to take a date. If your single, you'll still appreciate the food and experience a truly delightful meal. They make their own pasta, offering a fresh seasonal ravioli everyday. The service is impeccable. They also brag an amazing  brunch menu.
I really really enjoyed Left Bank. It was such a wonderful, romantic evening with my boyfriend. The ambiance and atmosphere was wonderful. The waitress was attentive and efficient. Knew the specials and gave great recommendations. The bar was chic and trendy. I like how the bar and restaurant were separated. We got the Ahi Tuna "Tartare" to start our meal. Was delicious. I haven't been there in over a year, but still I remember the tartare. The wine we got was delicious (it was a recommendation from the waitress---don't remember the name or the bottle, but wish I did). P.S. My boyfriend took me here because he heard great reviews, but also because the Sabres Hockey Team are known to come here too :-)
Hands down the best restaurant in Buffalo. The food and atmosphere is simply great. I always recommend this place to friends and family with no hesitation.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Buffalo and it has been for years.  I have never been unhappy with any of the food there.  Love the Panko chicken, love the calamari and the ravioli.  I have always found the service and the atmosphere to be great!!  I love any reason to go there!!  Try it!!
My favorite restaurant in Buffalo. Consistently delicious food, nice servers, good atmosphere. What more do you want?
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Buffalo - although I have only been here twice. They make the best mojitos and I had to order the salmon with jasmine rice both times I came. I like salmon, but I rarely am one to order it when given other options. But, I did the first time I went and so happy I did. The jasmine rice is delicious and the bread crumbs on the salmon add a perfect texture/flavor. For Buffalo, it is a bit more on the pricier side - which is why I don't go more often. But it is a treat when I do go! And next time I plan a left Bank visit, I want to go for their Sunday brunch which I hear is amazing.
Went there for brunch, no reservation but we were seated right away.  Service was good and attentive, food was great. The only drawback was that it was kind of loud but I would definitely go back,
The food is great and the little patio in the back is super cute. Our party of 4 arrived last night around 9:30 for dinner and the place was still quite busy, but we had no trouble getting a table. They have a great, extensive, but not overly expensive wine selection and our waitress was friendly and helpful. Our meals were easily big enough to have leftovers for lunch and so much of the menu sounded delicious, I'm sure we'll be back during future trips to Buffalo to try it all.
LOVE love love the outdoor patio at this restaurant. Although the menu is slightly more expensive than most places in Buffalo, it's well worth it. The service is usually on point and on Friday nights there used to be free appetizers and pizza and a dance party type atmosphere.
Always delicious!
Very nice.  Worth going back.  Only real nit is the espresso.
This is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo. The food is every bit as Oliver's --and the atmosphere is upscale without being stuffy. They take reservations 6 weeks in advance...but I've never had any trouble getting a table with 3 days notice. Also, there's a nice long bar -- separate from the main dining area. It's a good place to meet with friends.
Phenomenal food every time.
Hands down our favorite restaurant in Western NY area. Never had a bad meal there and everything my wife and I tried we were very happy with. Good atmosphere as well. Definitely a place to check out.
Absolutely LOVE this place!!!  One of the top things I miss about Buffalo.  The food is incomparable to anything else in WNY.
Food is good but almost impossible to have a conversation as it so very no icy.  Also I have been there 3 - 4 times and the tables are never ready for your reservation.  Always push you to the bar first for a drink.
this is the only nicer restaurant i went to in buffalo (i am a glutton for wings), so i am ranking this against other places i've been to elsewhere and not just buffalo restaurants. first the space is very lovely.  the dining area inside is set up with three different levels.  we were in the back level which was dark, candle lit, and intimate.  it is a little loud--we could hear the conversations of many people around us very clearly, including one extra-loud, total dbag  of course, that wasnt left bank's fault, but it was a damper on the dinner. the service was good.  one thing--the table was close to the ledge that goes to the kitchen/back.  one of the servers and a weird habit of, say when he was filling our water or clearing dishes, putting the empty carafe or dishes on the ledge, and then walking around to the other side of the ledge, and picking them up.  I mean, he has to walk around anyway, it's not like someone else is grabbing them from the other side of the ledge, so I didn't see any efficiency in the move.  it was a little off-putting. the food is fine.  for the appetizer, we got the egg dipped artichoke/tomato/mozz cheese tower.  this was ok, certainly impressive to look at, but could have used something more flavorful.  it also did not have enough basil, though i do like those types of apps best when i get basil in every bite, so maybe others would have been satisfied. the bruschetta of the day was cheese, artichokes, and grilled chicken.  again, this was fine, but it tasted more like an open face sandwich on small pieces of bread rather than bruschetta.  The chicken was very plain.  and i know that there arent strict "bruschetta rues," but i was expecting the chopped up tomatoes and garlic. We also got the homemade ravioli and the twin angus beef dish.  the ravioli was essentially chicken parm wrapped up in a giant noodle.  i agree with connor--don't get it.  it had lots of cheese, which i enjoyed but would have preferred outside of the noodle blanket, not enough spinach, and the chicken breading didn't stay anywhere near the chicken pieces.  the steak was delicious (i would argue they cooked it a little too much for rare, but i like steak still kicking).  The mushroom ragout that came with it was good, but there werent very many mushrooms.  i thought the bacon with it was tasty, but i dont know if it really made sense with the flavors--it seemed to overpower the ragout/meat flavor if i tried to eat it with the steak.  this came with mashed potatoes and veggies that were cooked perfectly--just a little crisp. So while I loved the space, I would not re-order anything we got save the steak, which makes it a 3-star place.
Great restaurant.  Good food.  Decent prices all things considered.
Overrated on Yelp.  Went there for a birthday and found the food to be average.  Fortunately it is not expensive.  Restaurant is noisy, service is slow and portions are huge.  Wine list is decent and the salads are good.
place is pretty dam awesome.. what else do you need to say
Oui, oui!!!  Ok guys.  I unfortunately must travel to Buffalo regularly for work.  I have finally found a place that (almost) makes the journey worthwhile - The Left Bank.  Where have you been all my life?  Just had a business dinner there last night with about 7 other people.  Everything was exceptional - appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts, wine, service, ambiance.  A couple of stand outs from the menu - grilled asparagus salad wrapped with smoked salmon, the focaccia appetizer (tried both the margherita and the beef with horseradish), and the grilled new york strip with gorgonzola.  Service was attentive and knowledgable.  Pacing was a touch slow, but it was pretty crowded so I am not going to give them a deduction.  Buffalo definitely has a disproportionate number of really good restaurants for its size, and Left Bank is a must try for anyone who enjoys high quality cuisine.
I love this restaurant.  The food is great.  The atmosphere is great.  Eating outside here is so much fun.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Was just recently dined here for a pre-birthday celebration. As always my meal was superb. Started with the fondue. Gorgonzola fondue with satay steak, portabelo fries, asparagus and pita points. It was a great way to start the evening. The fondue was mild and creamy. The steak was cooked to perfection and the deep-fried portabello strips didn't disappoint. Mixed green salad came next and then to my entree. Steak an pepper pasta with green and red peppers. To die for. I think this is my third time trying this dish and it has been one of my favorite meals every time. My Mom had the pork chop which looked divine and my wife had the steak special, which she said was delicious. For the quality of food and service you receive, the menu is very reasonably priced. as I first stated, one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Already looking forward to my next trip there!
Amazing! The night we went there was a but of a wait for our reservation but that was not a problem as we mingled at the bar until.the table was ready. The service was good not spectacular hence the 4 stars. But the food definitely picked up the.slack. The grilled tiger shrimp appetizer was stunning with the goat cheese center everyone at the table loved it, we also had the calamari which was good just not outstanding as was the flatbread we ordered. The pasta & seafood dish ordered for dinner was.a massive portion I was happy to share with another person in the group and we still had leftovers. Both the guys in the party ordered the Grilled CAB strip steak and raved about how good it was. At that point there was no room for dessert but the fruit tart type thing the table next to us ordered looked great, maybe next time we won't order so much to start. Can't wait to go back when we visit Buffalo again next month.
Service was awesome considering how busy they were and the food was excellent.
The Best Restaurant in Buffalo.
After living in Buffalo for 2 years and having the good fortune of sampling just about every nice restaurant in town, I would certainly recommend this most highly.  Excellent ambiance, great bar, superb food, and exceptionally reasonable cost.  Their bruschetta is amazing.  Be sure to make reservations well in advance if possible.
Enjoyed dinner with a group of 4 girlfriends.  Called 2 weeks in advance for reservations. Tried to call 1 day in advance could not get reservations.  .  Was told to  call at least 3 weeks in advance.  Ample parking. Wonderful atmosphere.  Was kinda of noisy.  Due to  being small.   But, really wasn't a problem when you  are in great company.   Wait for food was kinda long but the waitress stated the food is made to order.  But boy was it worth the wait.  Dinners order was panko chicken, salmon , some type of fish that is similar to the mahi mahi fish  (my friend said it was awesome.)  I ordered the Linguine with chicken and Spanish sausage,  The look wasn't to my liking but boy was it good.   Had the Hawaiian cake for dessert, it was delicious.  The dishes are a little pricey but  the portions are large.  Everyone had a take on box.    To sum it up, I would recommend this restaurant.   This was my first visit and it will not be my last. 2 thumbs up!
First of all, i really didnt like the coty that much. It was tore and old. We stopped by the naval park and a beach before heading to this restaurant. It didnt look appealing from the outside but the inside was gorgeous. I read the reviews before ordering. I had to pick between the carrot paparbella and the homemade ravioli. I went with with paparbella because i didnt like the filling of the ravioli that much. My boyfriend had their meat special for the night. It was a big Angus rib-eye. It was a little wait but it was worthwhile! We had the fried oysters for appetizer. It tasted really special! Crispy outside, smooth inside. Then the entrees were just fantastic after a tiring day! Highly recommended!!!!!!
The Left Bank has been on my "try" list for quite a while. Somehow, I've never had the opportunity to enjoy a meal here. Recently I was given the task of choosing where to have a business dinner with some colleagues and a vendor.  Finally a chance to see what all the fuss was about. For a fine dining experience there are some oddities about Left Bank. First, the curb appeal is limited. The place looks somewhat like a dive bar from the outside. Strange. This is the intimate dining experience I've heard people rave about? Second, the prices here are pretty stellar for fine dining. $15-$20 entrees? Wow. You can easily have a dinner for two here for under $100.   Onto the atmosphere. Left Bank is fairly small. It's also loud. If you we're thinking about coming here for an intimate anniversary dinner this may not be the experience you were looking for. Decor-wise the place is alright. Brick, dark woods, warm, and comfortable. Food is stellar! We started out by sharing three appetizers - Bruschetta with Beef, Portobello Mushroom with Artichoke Stuffing, and the Hot Banana Peppers.  I passed on the mushroom but very much enjoyed the bruschetta and banana peppers. Nice flavor, terrific seasoning.   Each appetizer was under $10. Astounding value for the quality that what was served. For my entree I had the Grilled Cab Center NY Strip Steak  served with butter poached lobster and fingerling potatoes. Wow. Absolutely delicious. The steak was perfect. Cooked medium with a nice char. Seasoned well. The lobster was delicious and presented on top of the steak. A nice surf and turf combination.  5 stars for the food. Service was attentive as would be expected in a place of this caliper. Our waitress was knowledgeable of the menu and was quick to offer good suggestions on food and wine pairings.   Overall, a wonderful experience. 5 stars on the food, but subtract some points for atmosphere. If this is fine dining then the target is somewhat missed. Come here for a delicious dinning experience, not the ambiance.
I'm torn giving Left Bank four stars. Based solely on the food, it definitely deserves five stars. At the same time, the ambiance needs to be considered as well. My husband and I had dinner there on a Friday night around 6pm. By the time we arrived, nearly every table was already occupied but we were still able to get a table without waiting. I ordered the panko crusted chicken cutlet and my husband ordered the linguine with chicken. Both entrees were delicious! My chicken was crispy yet juicy and soft inside. The only major detractor was how loud the restaurant was! It sounded like a combination between Blue Monk (on any night) and a high school cafeteria! It seemed as everyone was shouting over everyone else trying to be heard. I was quite surprised because of the classy decor and ambiance. Overall, I will definitely go back because the food is so delicious. Perhaps next time though, I will bring earplugs.
My father used to take me here in the mid-90s. It seemed so cool when I was a tween. We'd sit at the bar and share focaccia pizzas. This place was an institution and (seemingly) like the rest of Buffalo, I considered it the best restaurant in the city. But it only took some travel and years of eating at Buffalo's growing list of legitimately fantastic restaurants to realize that this place is pretty subpar.   It's been 18 years since my first visit to Left Bank and the menu is still exactly the same. To make matters worse, they don't offer specials. Things do not change seasonally. In 2014, a seasonal menu with locally sourced ingredients should be the norm at this kind of restaurant. You lose big points, Left Bank. The food is okay. I mean, it's not bad. It's just not good or great. Portions are gigantic. Maybe that's why people like it so much here? But nobody--especially in Buffalo--needs to eat this much food in one sitting. Left Bank gets points for the interior, which has held its own for quite some time. And the service is always really nice. But Yelp's two-star description "Meh. I've experienced better." sums it up perfectly.
We had dinner on Friday night, great service and good food. My penne w/ steak was good but was missing something. My friend ordered ravioli, definitely a better choice. Overall  a great dining experience.
If you ask for a recommendation for a date-night restaurant, this is most likely the #1 restaurant suggested by Buffalo residents.  And for good reason. Not only is the ambiance one of the most romantic in the city (muted lights, excellent use of a small space, candles, ample space between tables which enables private conversation), but the food is out of this world. From the appetizers, to the entrees, to the desserts, every item is worthy of 5 stars.  The tuna tare tare and the calamari are two of my favorites.  For my entree the last time I ordered their homemade ravioli which changes on a daily basis.  Cheese, chicken, spinach with one half cream sauce and one half tomato sauce - it was out of this world and large enough for 3 people to split.  It made for excellent leftovers. One thing I appreciate about this place is that despite the high quality of food, ambiance and service, the prices are on par with almost every other restaurant in Buffalo.  Dinner for two (appetizer, 2 entrees and a bottle of wine) came to about $100 - I fully expect to pay this at most area restaurants and yet some other restaurants don't serve food of this high caliber. Even further, there is nothing snobby about this place.  You can go in wearing a dress or a tie, or just jeans and a nice shirt ... it's all good! No one will look at you like you don't belong.
Finally made it here for the first time. Atmosphere was cozy, not too loud. Tried the fried calamari which were outstanding and the carrot pappardella with seafood--delicious and a HUGE portion. Service was great, food was outstanding. Will definitely try again!
The Left Bank doesn't seem to need another raving Yelp review but I'll give one anyway. This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Buffalo. I was considering the pasta and seafood, but I went with the somewhat similar carrot papardella based on our server's recommendation. It was pretty heavy dish and I took about 3/4 of it home, but it was completely amazing. For an appetizer, we split the tuna tare tare and it was everything I had hoped for plus more. The sesame-soy drizzle with the tuna has been in my dreams since then. I could go on about how there's not a bad seat in the house, the bartenders and servers are terrific, etc., etc. Instead I'll just end by saying that days after our dinner at the Left Bank, my date realized she had left her umbrella there. The servers and host went out of their way to set it aside and make sure it got back to us. Make sure to make a reservation but if all else fails,the Left Bank is a a great place to grab a drink at the bar too!
Took my customers here for dinner and we were not disappointed. The bar is very good, in fact we ate dinner at the bar. Great bar service, wine list is good, food was fresh and very delicious. Spend some time with any of the appetizers. We will be back...oh, and the atmosphere is fantastic.
One word for to describe this place...CLASSY! After discovering that Bistro Europa was closed, I scrambled as an out-of-towner to find a good restaurant in Elmwood Village.  There's def no shortages on the strip, but I have a feeling more restos right on Elmwood are more tourist trap/hype/bar. With the help of Yelp/leaching off someone's wifi, it lead me to The Left Bank in some nice residential area.  On a Friday night, slightly post-dinner, the place was busy.  Since I didn't have reservations, we ended up sitting at the bar. As I've never eaten/drank at a bar, it was a bit intimidating at first, but it was a complete pleasure to see the bartender at work!  He was soo accommodating, patient, and a complete gentleman - tending to everyone's needs, even us who were eating and not drinking. Food:  Average was ~$20, depending on what you order.  Glasses of wine were under $10.  We ordered the Cheese Tortellini and the Penne all'Arrabbiata, SOOO GOOD and portions were quite generous! Glad the other place was closed or else we wouldn't have been able to experience this place.  Will be back for sure!
Went last night for what has become our annual dinner on their patio.  Once again, food was awesome & service was excellent.  LOVE Left Bank.
If you're concerned about the fatness of your wallet (it's Buffalo, so you probably are), but your body's fatness makes clear and apparent your desire for delicious food (again, Buffalo, so probably), then you should eat here. The food here is top notch and you're looking to get out for under $70 a pair if you're careful.  I've had the beef tournadoes, the linguine-chicken w/ chorizo and also tried the eggplant parm.  Huge portions for a good deal.
Really enjoy the brunch here.  On a busy Sunday was able to order for the bar, took awhile for the food, but a good Bloody Mary or three helps pass the time.  Bartender was attentive and kept our glasses full.  Had the egg/potatoes thingie, lot of food, chef recommends.
I was expecting something amazing coming here. Sadly, virtually none of it delivered. The food was mediocre at best and the service was disappointing, especially since I was in a group of 12, with reservations and with a little-hassle budget. I was intrigued by the beet salad with goat cheese wontons (as I love these salads) but instead I was met with a pile of lettuce, unflavored beets and a couple of deep fried wontons and a little cheese. It was massive portion (highly unnecessary for a starter, geez) and a massive disappointment. The tilapia appetizer was so difficult to eat! We were all met with confusion on how to share it. It tasted okay but cumbersome to divide. Fondue was alright as well, decent to share. Calamari was okay, mostly chewy and not very crispy, so I've had better. The best things on the menu were the soup of the day, the ahi tuna tartare and asparagus wrapped with salmon. My entree was very bland and unfulfilling.  I got the pork tenderloin on recommendation. It was not very tender and tasted rubbery. All of my friends with me were mostly unimpressed by their steaks. The service was very slow and even though we had reservations, it felt like we were being disregarded a lot even though we had a large bill at the end. Overall, won't be my first choice of restaurants to return to. There are plenty of other options out there. Overall, a bit overrated, so I hope it improves. (This review is also found on my Trip Advisor profile, with some adjustments).
So I've tried the place twice now and I have to say the food here is really delicious! Maybe I'm taking this love affair a bit too far but it's definitely one of my top 5 in Buffalo! I can only speak for the dishes I have tried but on my first night here was with a larger group. I went all ninja and stole a bite from these chumps, I mean my FRIEND's plates. Yes, yes, and yes every bite was satisfying to my palate. It doesn't look like much from the outside but as soon as you step in people are crowding the bar, having a drink but what they really want is an open bar seat so they can jump in and order food. Moral of the story, don't be that guy/girl and make reservations, especially if you are coming on a Fri/weekend. To start off the service is prompt, water glass is always full, and empty plates are taken as soon as they are finished. Complimentary bread with house dipping sauce is always a plus in my book. They have menu specials that changes every time I come here which keeps their already outstanding menu interesting. Decor is dim and intimate during the evenings, no comment on it for lunch...yet! I'm just going to tell you some of my favorites because there are just too many dishes here that have won my stomach over. So let's start. Appetizers, where do I begin? Ahi Tuna Tartare, worth every penny. The portion of the tuna may be small for the price but the flavor of the dish mends so well together that it's one of those dishes that you just have to pay the price for. The tuna sashimi was fresh and the sriracha chili aioli had a great kick to it. The dish was gorgeous and it is a shame I don't have a picture here to share with you guys. Other restaurant goers were asking us what it was as it was just that captivating! A one of a kind dish here in the heart of Buffalo. Tilapia "stack," it's a taste of Asia in your mouth. Another nice looking dish where the components are stacked vertically so you can get an even bite. Very well thought out by the chef here. It's a very nice fusion of flavors, they took your ordinary tilapia and blasted it with flavor and texture from the friend wonton skins. The hint of sesame oil with the fresh veggies of bok choy, bean sprouts and mushrooms go very well with the perfectly cooked fish. Not heavy at all! I'm telling you it was a very memorable dish along with the Ahi Tuna Tartare. For entrees, two words, Carrot Papardella, DAYUM. That dish is MONEY! Great seafood pasta dish that is simply D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. Juicy lobster, perfectly cooked shrimp, and sweet crab meat. I'm salivating as I reminiscence ::wipes drool off keyboard:: The pasta was al dente and held the sauce so well. It's a hefty portion that you may not finish but guess what? Leftover is still freaking good, just warm it up on low-medium heat in a saute pan at home and the cold dish is bought back to life! Now I also tried their Penne W/ Grilled Steak "au Poivre" and it's just a fancy way of saying peppered flank steak in your pasta. If you are a big lover of ground black pepper then this dish is for you. Otherwise stay away as some people may not enjoy the strong pepper aroma and taste with every bite. I wasn't that big of a fan and probably won't be ordering this again since I have other favorites and dishes to try. However, I ordered my beef as medium rare and it came medium rare, nice to know this place can cook a mean steak. Might have to try their Grilled Cab Center Cut Ny Strip Steak next time to justify that comment. That ends my long winded review for now. Would recommend this place to friends and family. Simply a great local restaurant that everyone in Buffalo should try at least once in their life. GET ON IT!
I have been to the Left Bank multiple times and I can hoestly say I am never disppointed. This is my absolutely favorite place to get brunch on Sundays (just make sure you make a reservation as they area always packed). Between the live cello playing and the food, the atmosphere cannot be beat. The dinners here are also wonderful. A great date spot with reasonable prices and amazing flavor. They even have the option of getting most pasta dishes prepared gluten free. I always recommend this place to friends, coworkers and visitors from out of town. It is one of Buffalo's best restuarants!
Amazing! Best restaurant in Buffalo in my opinion. Doesn't need more raving reviews but happy to post because its that good. Deep fried oysters were fantastic and so is the breaded panko chicken / seafood pasta. Make reservations in advance, otherwise youll get stuck with an awkward dinner time.
Food was fantastic. Red beans and rice had some heat and I would definitely order it with the chorizo. Bruschetta app with korean bbq pork was excellent and the chocolate peanut butter pie was excellent ad well.
You wouldn't know about this place unless someone brought you there. You must have reservations. Go early, sit at the bar, and enjoy a drink. When seated, you receive bread with delicious sun dried tomato oil. We got the "fondue for two" as the appetizer. Definitely recommend. It has a Gorgonzola cheese sauce with different amazing dipping options: tenderloin, asparagus spears cooked to perfection, portabello sliced and fried, and focaccia. Perfect portion for two. For the entree, I only ever had the carrot papperadella. It's so good that I don't want to try anything else. Huge chunks of seafood over pasta served with a flavorful cream sauce. All their deserts are so good so don't get too full from dinner or, at the very least, bring it home. Great service, atmosphere, and prices are definitely reasonable.
Delicious food, but the service leaves something to be desired. Food: Slow to arrive, but tasty. I have never had a disappointing dish at Left Bank. The drinks that the waitress brought from the bar were slow to come. My friends who had the Irish Coffee and Bloody Marys said that they were disappointing. The mimosas were just okay.   Service: I feel that if you work in the service industry, it is important to at least pretend not to hate your job. Our waitress really brought down the mood of our brunch crew. We waited a long time for everything and she just seemed grumpy, short and made faces. Her mood didn't turn around until she realized that she forgot one person's food. Although, it was nice to suddenly have an improvement in service, by the time the missing food came, the rest of us were about finished eating. We have decided that we will do brunch monthly now, but we will not go back to Left Bank based on yesterday's experience.
The Left Bank is one of the best restaurants in Buffalo and anyone who says otherwise needs to check for a pulse or stop spending the weekend home alone with the cats. I lived in Buffalo for nearly ten years and this was always my go-to spot for a consistently well-executed meal and overall stellar dining experience. I recently returned for dinner during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, and I'm pleased to report that this place is still a pillar of culinary delight in a sea of mundanity. Food: The Left Bank served American Continental cuisine before it was in vogue. The menu hasn't really changed much over the years, but surprisingly, the offerings never grow tiring or outdated. My favorite appetizer is the hot banana peppers, which are baked in San Marzano stance and topped with asiago cheese - the peppers are massive and the flavor is impeccable. For an entree, I always go with the panko breaded chicken, which consists of two heaping chicken breasts topped with a fresh argula, avocado, cucumber, and gorgonzola cheese. I've ordered the dish well over a dozen times and have never been disappointed. Service: The service at Left Bank is by no means the epitome of expedience, but I never seem to mind considering that I typically dine here with good company that I'm happy to catch up with during the wait. Irrespective of the glacial pace, the staff have always been cordial, knowledgable about the menu, and eager to please. Atmosphere: This interior of this place is mildly reminiscent of what you'd expect from a quaint Manhattan bistro - the space is cramped and the acoustics are abominable, but the ambience is trendy and the clientele are an echelon above the norm. The restaurant is divided into two halves - the left portion is devoted to the bar area, while the right houses the dining room. Cost: Expensive by Buffalo standards, but appropriate for the quality and quantity of the food offerings. Appetizers are $8-$14, entrees are $18-$30. Wines by the glass are only about $7, so it's a perfect excuse to splurge for an entire bottle, most of which are less than $30. Other: Reservations are a must - if you arrive without one, the hostess will either laugh in your face or offer a 9PM seating. The restaurant is predominately open during the evening. Hours are Monday-Thursday, 5PM-11PM, Friday-Saturday, 5PM-12AM, and Sunday, 4PM-10PM. Brunch is served on Sunday from 11:30AM-2:00PM. Parking is available in the small lot to the right of the front entrance; however, additional parking is also available in the lot at the corner of Rhode Island and Chenago Streets.
We planned a couples holiday dinner here about two months in advance.  We go out as a group, monthly to different restaurants all over WNY.  This one in particular, everyone was extra excited about. Instead of doing a cheesy gift exchange, or 'ugly Christmas sweater' party, we wanted to dress to the nines and spent a couple hundred dollars indulging in delicious wine and scrumptious food.  Well, when you have all that in mind, there really are only a couple options that come to mind, and Left Bank was number one our list. We were able to get a couple of drinks at the bar and take a couple of pictures with the beautifully decorated Christmas tree, before we were escorted to our intimate table, located on the "upper level".   I am updating my review because there were a couple of things I was left disappointed with, that I will briefly touch base on.   The first thing was the length of time it took for our waitress to come over and greet our table upon being seated.  The dining area is not that big, and there aren't THAT many tables (compared to other restaurants) that need to be attended to.  We were a party of 8 that was seated at the only table located steps above the others.  Clearly, it wasn't as though we were seated unnoticed.  Let's just put it this way, by the time we were greeted by the waitress, all eight of us knew what we wanted to drink, order as an app, and order as an entrée.   The next thing would be the hot banana pepper appetizer.  This was my first time having them here, but others at the table had them before and noted they were definitely different than what they consumed in the past.  The three peppers were served on a plate smothered with red sauce, gently topped with cheese. The peppers were completely empty.  The whole table was disappointed with empty peppers covered in sauce.  The app was really uninspiring, and as we consumed them, everyone started identifying their restaurant of choice that had hot peppers MUCH better. (They were also not spicy at all).   The (almost) last disappointment of the night was with my entrée.  I ordered the 'Twin filet mignon beef tornadoes with a rich mushroom ragout", upon many recommendations.  It was accompanied with mashed potatoes and carrots.  I was unhappy with the "rich mushroom ragout".  It covered the entire plate.  The mushrooms and carrots were swimming in what tasted like barbeque sauce. ICK!  After I scraped away the sauce, and was able to actually taste the seasoned filet, it was delicious.  Thumbs up for the carrots, which were perfectly seasoned with a good amount of garlic (wish I had more of those). Last but not least, it was VERY loud. You could only really hear the 2 or 3 people in direct view of you.  The waitress also had to speak 3 separate times:  once for the far end of the table, the middle group, and my end (and there were only 8 of us, remember). Our table was extremely pleased with the calamari, homemade ravioli, fondue for two, and the papardella. One last thought:  Will Left Bank ever change their menu?!
You need to go here. The place has a cool vibe and look to it. Staff are really friendly and willing to please. We had the famous carrot pappardelle that everyone loves and there is a reason that it is so popular. There is a daily ravioli special. This time they were stuffed with grilled chicken, red pepper and fresh ricotta in a tomatoey vodka type sauce. Ignore the naysayers. Some people are not used to good restaurants. This place could be in manhattan, and yet here, the price is a whole lot better. Bon appetite!
Loved it!!! Great artsy meets industrial meets pub feel to the space and decor. Service was prompt, friendly and obviously knew her stuff. Menu options were plentiful. Loved the tomato and herb dipping oil that came with our house bread. My starter - a bowl of gumbo - had the richest broth I've ever tasted in this dish, anywhere, along with ample shrimp, chorizo, okra, rice, etc. Good to the last drop, which was scooped up with my bread. My date was equally impressed with his black bean and chicken soup and rice'n'beans with chorizo (which he got as his entree). My entree was a carrot parpadelle - wide, linguini-ish noodles, shreds of sweet carrot, chunks of lobster and crab in a shellfish cream sauce. HEAVENLY. Maybe my new favorite pasta'n'seafood dish. I also enjoyed one of the best desserts I've ever sampled - a chocolate caramel macadamia tart with a side of house-made whipped cream. Portions were very ample for a fine dining restaurant and the prices were not obscene. I felt comfortable in casual (not slummy) dress, but I did see someone in sweat pants walking out so... DEFINITELY make a reservation. We still had to wait a tiny bit even with one, and whilst there watch the hostess tell couple after couple that they would have to wait at least an hour to have a table.
My friends arranged a birthday brunch here for me, and I'm very glad that we came here! Great ambiance, food is absolutely delicious, service is awesome, and there's a jazz band on the weekends if I'm not mistaken. It can be easy to miss this place... It's disguised in this brick building that looks like an apartment building. But there is a parking lot next to it, and it looks really cute inside! Not great for really large groups, we had seven girls and we occupied one of the larger tables in the restaurants. I'd say Left Bank is most suitable for an intimate date or smaller group celebrations or out-of-towners looking for a nice atmosphere. Even all the customers at the restaurant were really nice to us, giving us compliments on their way out. Very uncommon, but warming. So for my birthday dish, I selected the Seafood Benedict, and for our drinks, we had a round of mimosas. Food was delicious, but their dinner menu also sounds really appetizing! Have to come back to try that. Also would like to come back during a warmer season when the patio is open. Also to note, prices were fair and affordable. Thumbs up.
Went her with friends for brunch.... Hands down the best brunch in Buffalo!!!  The food and atmosphere was perfect, a great place to get together with friends!!
We have lived in Buffalo a long time and finally got to the left bank, this time for our 10 year anniversary. I called last week and was happy to get a reservation! It was a little earlier than desired but more because of our schedules not too early to eat. We were running a little late so I called and it all worked out. Tip #1 - call weeks in advance for your reservation! We were sat immediately, got our water, and then 20 minutes went by before we saw our waitress. We noticed another table seated after us had wine so we figured something happened. Our waitress then came over and apologized. She had the tables higher up and we were right next to the wall of the rise, so she could not see us. No problem. Everything after that was great. The bread with oil was wonderful. We shared two appetizers. My wife ordered the mushroom appetizer and it was amazing! I ordered the artichoke and it was amazing as well. The artichoke was very tender and the whole dish was wonderful. I ordered the NY strip for dinner. It was wonderful. The lobster was perfectly cooked, as was my steak. The fingerling potatoes were salty but addictive. My wife got the filet tournadoes and loved it. We each got a desert to go. All in all, we had a wonderful time. The food is expensive but well worth the price. We will definitely be back, without the kids again. There are so many wonderful options in Buffalo it might be a while, though.
My partner and I came here for our 2-year anniversary. It was my first time going, but I soon discovered that this is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo. For drinks I tried a Hendricks w/ tonic and St. Germain. Oh my god...It was one of the best drinks I ever tried. St. Germain is an elderberry liqueur, and its sweetness perfectly balances the bitterness of the juniper berries of the gin. All I can say is way to go, Mr. Bartender. As an appetizer we ordered the fried calamari. I love fried calamari and this was probably some of the best I've ever had. $9 for a single order but it could easily be an appetizer for 4 people. The calamari was crusted with fresh, zesty herbs and went nicely with the spicy tomato dip. For my entree I ordered the seafood pasta. It was linguine with mussels, salmon, and shrimp. Oh my gosh! I never had such good linguine in my life. It was cooked to perfection, like it was hand delivered by the gods. Also, the salmon was divine. There were only two bites worth of salmon, but it was the best two bites of salmon I ever had in my life. Super well-seasoned and even a small morsel was pack full of flavor. My only feedback is that the mussels didn't taste well seasoned, but that is okay. The salmon made up for it 10-fold. I only wish there was more of it. For dessert my partner and I split the raspberry snow tart. It was the perfect choice. I was so full from the pasta, but the raspberry snow tart was extremely light. Simply said, words cannot describe its heavenliness. It was designed to perfection and it was the pinnacle of the entire meal. What a way to end the night, and I couldn't have asked for a better anniversary.
I've been here a handful of times and it has never disappointed me or any if my guests. The food is great, the service is great, and it has a vibrant atmosphere that vaguely reminds me of being in a city. Some may argue it's too loud but it's just right for me. I have one small gripe with this place and it's that everyone goes gaga over it! The food is not original to me and none of it has blown me away but try to get in here on a Friday or Saturday night and it's nearly impossible! Why?! Nonetheless despite my own opinion I will come back! Especially with groups because I think it's mediocrely priced and can satisfy many palates. Check it out if you haven't already but maybe on a weekday to avoid the wait!
I am obsessed with their scallops appetizer, they are cook to perfection and the black rice is out of this world. Their gulf shrimps are amazing, and of course I had again ( I have tried that like 20 times) the carrot pasta with seafood. The only thing I would say I don't like us the loud locals having dinner there, come on people...you are not in a Michelin star restaurant but it's not a pizza place either!
I was very excited to come here because of all the reviews I read here. We made a reservation a week earlier to dine in the restaurant. The bread and dipping sauce is good and we had the San marzano pepper as appetizer. That was great. However I was let down by their entrees. My husband had giant ravioli and I had carrot pappardelle. I think we still prefer ravioli in their original size. I would go back again to give it another shot.
For me, "Left Bank" brings on a wave of nostalgia because it was one of the first restaurants in which I tried modern cooking. In  90s/early 00s Buffalo options were limited, and Left Bank was something of a turning point for me foodwise. I'd gather it's the same for many people and this restaurant, along with Hutch's and Mother's, (at the time) probably did a lot for the food culture of the city. Fast forward 12 years. Me and the GF are visiting Buffalo and looking for someplace to eat. We don't want standard Buffalo fare (pizza, subs or wings), we want something nice, so we decide to give the Left Bank a spin. They said the  wait wasn't too bad so we grabbed a cocktail and sat down, starving. We looked in trepidation at the meal of a woman sitting next to us - some kind of Asian fusiony bean sprout spaghetti concoction. We should've got up the minute we saw that dish.   An hour later (they said 15 minutes), we were shown to a table in the fairly empty restaurant. To my dismay, opening the menu revealed that the restaurant has hardly changed a thing in 12 years! In fact, I remembered 2/3 of the dishes.  (I guess this explains the Asian fusion dish we saw at the bar - very ten years ago). Despite our misgivings, we ordered. We got some kind of salad, an order of calamari from their meager appetizers list, and a filet mignon, medium rare. Now, I'm not a filet mignon fan, but how can you screw up a steak? It should have been a safe bet. An hour later, our unimpressive salad came out., some kind of beet/goat cheese thing (that I'd had 12 years ago.) This was the best part of the meal. This is a dish I distinctly remember eating in 2000/2001. It was a favorite at the time. It was a little overdressed, but it was fine. Nothing special. You could get better on every block in New York. Then came the calamari. What kind of modern restaurant serves calamari? Whatever, we got it, so our fault for ordering. It came with cocktail sauce. Cocktail sauce is usually intended for cold dishes. Calamari is generally accompanied by tomato sauce. So, yeah, fine, but like really not what you'd expect from a decent restaurant (and not at all what you'd get from an innovative one).   An hour later and our steak came out.  It was covered in some blah cheese and drowning in some kind of ragout. So many conflicting flavors here, mostly to disguise that the meat tasted like a tire. It was also very well done (remember, we asked for medium rare) and barely edible. So yeah, I guess THIS is the kind of restaurant that screws up steak. But then again, why would you put all that stuff on a decent piece of steak? About an hour later, our check came. In summary, the menu has never been changed or expanded, the place is pretentious in all the wrong ways, and calling the service "slow" is a massive understatement. If you want a not very good, glacially-paced meal at NYC prices, Left Bank's the place to go.
Mahi Mahi fish special was pretty good. They give huge portions! Place is a little pricey though.
We have been to left bank a couple times and food is delicious everytime We come! Love coming for brunch and dinners. Their steak is very very good, I usually order medium and it just melts in my mouth! Their waffles and home fries is such a great combination for a Saturday brunch. Hmmm. Yum! Love coming back!
It boggles my mind as to why I rated it a 4/5 when I love this restaurant to pieces. Pros: - Delicious food. Absolutely finger-licking good (and they aren't even wings). Plate-licking good...? - Romantic, candle-light atmosphere - Did I mention that the food is splendid? Carrot parpadella. It's not cheap but it's worth EVERY penny. Cons - The restaurant can get a bit rowdy/noisy throughout the night which takes away from the romantic ambiance - It isn't a big restaurant so it's hard to facilitate a huge group - The waitresses sometimes seem a bit unprofessional, lacking the courteous smiles that are typically associated with the traditional up-scale restaurant - Even though I ALWAYS make reservations (I'm not one to take my chances), I always have to wait a good 20-30 minutes for my table. That's a bit annoying (especially when I can clearly see that my table is open; it's just taking forever for someone to just give it a quick 2-sec wipe) You might be thinking... what's up with this girl? She gives the restaurant a score of 5/5 but has so many cons on her list! I love the food... the service is lacking but I can't be bothered. They must put cocaine in their food... I've been to this restaurant at least 1-2x this year just to satisfy my carrot parpadella cravings. It's so creamy and delicious... ah. I would say that I've been to this restaurant at least 3 times in the past 5 months. It's definitely worth visiting at least once if you're a foodie & in the neighborhood. Take it from me.
Off to the West Side we went... To the Left Bank.  Everyone seems to love this place.  Well, most people a anyway, I have seen some reviews that were less effusive. We arrived early evening, 5:15 or so on a Tuesday.  We figured eating early would allow for easy parking, time to peruse the menu, unhurried eating, not too loud etc.  To be honest, we would have preferred to go for lunch, but alas, they open only for dinner, or Brunch on Sunday. The Left Bank yelp description says this place is dressy.  ITS NOT.  I don't think shorts should be worn for a sit down cloth napkin dinner ever, but here they were. They have a private lot, which was not full early in the evening.  By the time we left it was full.  Only one handicapped spot that we could see, which seems a low ratio given the size of the restaurant.     You can sit inside or out, and we choose inside.  Probably a good choice, however, the inside chairs have no arms, which makes it more difficult for one of my companions.  When I asked if we could get one with arms, they don't have them.  OK.  No star ding for that, but interesting that no solution was even tried to be found by the staff.  It was just "no".  You must have some clientele that have disabilities, no? On we went to the meal.  Our server was very pleasant, perhaps not quite loud enough, but I'm not sure that's her fault.  We were not the first diners there, which was a surprise to us actually.  There were 2 other tables occupied, one next to us, the other a few away.  We were near the front windows, which was good, much more light than it looked in the back.  But, no view to speak of there anyway. Our table was a nice size for 4, we were able to speak and hear each other initially, and there was room for the plates when they arrived.   Artichoke app - This is a "tower" of artichoke, tomatoes, mozzarella - it was nice, perhaps on the slightly too large size, but it was very good and every bite was eaten with pleasure. Asparagus app - this also was a little large, but comes on a nice bed of greens and was also eaten with pleasure.  In fact, all the food was enjoyed, although all portions except the scallops seemed a little large. Scallops - nice app, easily enough for a main for someone small. Tuna tartar - this was arguably the best thing on the table that night, very very good.  The rice under it could have been a little less, but this was a great dish. twin fillet - this was a huge portion, very good.  Asked for rare and arrived rare.  The carrots were found to be undercooked, if cooked at all, but the rest was enjoyed. This was not a big drink night, we had imported beer and a nice Argentinean wine.  no complaints on either. We did not stay for dessert (as planned).  In fact, it was so loud we could not wait to get out of there. Our issues with this place had nothing to do with the food - LOUD LOUD LOUD - even when 25% full, its too LOUD.  You can soften sound, put up a nice ceiling, cover some of the brick etc.  Tables were shouting at each other by 6:15, not exactly a relaxing meal that way. Too many tables, take out a few of those and the diners will be more comfortable and the place will seem less noisy. Really casual clientele dress wise.  For the prices and the "upscale" environment, perhaps some sort of dress code would make sense?  No shorts, no beach flip flops would be a start.  Does not have to be suit and tie, but is beach attire appropriate at a nice tablecloth place? 3 stars - 4.5 for the food - 1 for the noise, 2 for the lack of dress code, 4 for the service (although it took a long time to get our check) - so I'll round up from 2.5-2.75 to 3 stars. I'd go back, but only for a casual dinner, and I'm not sure the location and price would make sense for that.
Really one of the best restaurants I've found in Buffalo so far.  No doubt this place is a little pricy but very well worth it.  We made a reservation the same night, showed up a little early and was seated right away. The Food: For an app we ordered the fondue for 2 ($14) and it was magical.  No seriously, the beef bits were the best bits of meat I've ever ever ever had.  Cooked melt-in-your-mouth perfectly and the seasoning was nothing short of perfect.  My wife's a vegetarian so she ate the portabella mushroom fried which were by themselves good but were heavenly when dipped in the gorgonzola fondue.  The fondue didn't have that heavy alcohol flavor that you get with fondues @ the melting pot.   I ordered the fish entre of the day ($28) which was crab stuffed trout. It had this semi-sweet sauce drizzled over it with a bit of spicy mayo.  It sounds weird but it was very delicate and delish.  I liked what my wife ordered better, but not because mine wasn't good.  It was, but her tortellini was phenomenal. This is up-scale quality food done right.  Nothing oversalted, supergreasy, or slathered in buffalo sauce.  In other words - an oasis of yummi in Buffalo. The Drinks: They get a 1/2 star for the fact that they knew what a greyhound is and my dirty was a perfect mix of olive juice and vodka. The Service I usually don't say anything about service unless its really really bad.  I'm not the kinda person that expects you to jump as soon as my glass is half full.  I expected the place to be a little snotty, but I feel the need to point out that the staff are very professional and friendly.
I've been here a few times for dinner and every experience has been wonderful.  I've had dinner both inside and out on the patio during the summer.  The patio is small, but beautiful at night and surrounded by flowers and lights.  I recommended making reservations on the weekends and you'll be seated promptly to your table.  The servers are always attentive and friendly. Last time I had the grilled tiger shrimp to start.  The shrimp came on a bed of goat cheese and the balsamic dressing gave it a lot of flavor.  My girlfriend had the pan seared sea scallops, which were flavored in the lemon aioli and she loved them! For my meal I had the oven roasted filet of salmon and I can honestly say it was some of the best salmon I've ever had.  It tasted fresh and it was topped with toasted bread crumbs. Amazing! I hear they have great brunch on the weekends that I am dying to try.  I recommend grabbing a seat on the patio in the summer.  It provides a romantic atmosphere that makes it a great date spot! One of my Buffalo favorites!
Great food, great service!! Went here last night and me and my date both loved our meals. The ravioli is Huge, easily big enough for two meals and the soup specials were delicious. For the quality of the food the prices are well worth it. I can't wait to go back
This place is amazing. Same sort of ambiance as Mothers with equal the decadence and indulgence. Everything was perfectly seasoned and the tiramisu was light and fluffy, not dense and gross.
This place is amazing. Same sort of ambiance as Mothers with equal the decadence and indulgence. Everything was perfectly seasoned and the tiramisu was light and fluffy, not dense and gross.
I went to the Left Bank for the first time in, like, ten years the other weekend. A group of seven of us went for a bachelorette dinner. I called to make the reservations about a month beforehand and while the woman on the phone wasn't particularly friendly, she was open to the fact that our number might change. We had a table right by the front window. The air conditioning was on, and some of the women were a little cold. They have covers to put on the vents by the table, which was great! They have a good wine list - not huge, but a good selection. The food is amazing. We started with a few appetizers. There was a pork ravioli that night that was drool worthy. I ordered the steak with lobster for my entree; normally, I'm not much into steak, but it just sounded good that night. It was a great decision. One of the best steaks I've ever had. Our waitress was very nice and accommodating. I'd definitely recommend Left Bank for a group dinner!
I was visiting Buffalo on business, and I got Sunday off.  So my colleague and went here for Sunday brunch. The wait was long, but we expected that.  When I asked for a cup of coffee at the bar while I waited, the bartender told me she did not have time to get me a coffee because she was too busy.  (Coffee is perhaps the easiest drink to prepare as all one must do is pour it in a cup.!) After we got seated, the waitress was working too many tables and the service was extremely slow.  Management definitely needs to fix their staffing issue. The food was pretty good, but the service will ensure I never return!
I've long been a fan of the Left Bank.. it was probably the first 'fine dining' restaurant I ever took a date to.. so it's special to me in that regard.  Also the fact that I once got a shot on Johnny Walker Blue Label there for $6 :) That aside, I've always had a wonderful time eating here.. my biggest complaint is that the menu hasn't changed since my first date here years ago.. but I will at least credit them for having a wonderful menu.. their San Marzano pasta is one of my favorite Italian/American pasta sauces in the city.. and the daily ravioli is always a nice option to entertain if you want to leave with leftovers.. One of my favorite things to do on a busy night is just order a double of their fried calamari and bring them across the street to Essex St Pub (I haven't tried their new menu yet but this may no longer be possible now that they serve food).. Nonetheless, their calamari is also a good choice while you entertain their extensive wine list. The servers and front of the house staff always seem well trained and on the ball.. all in all, while you might not have an avant garde dining experience here.. you can rest assured that you will never leave here feeling like you had a bad experience..
Finally able to get a reservation for this restaurant and it was totally worth it! Immediately upon walking into the restaurant there is a certain ambiance that puts you in the mood to be out an socializing. The lighting is perfect to set the mood without being dark. There is a fine dining feel without the out of control fine dining prices. The menu is full of options for any type of food mood you may be in: meat, no meat, past, no pasta. We has the calamari and the stuffed portobello mushroom to start. The calamari was well-seasoned and not too oily and just the right amount of crispy. The portobello mushroom had a red wine sauce that was to die for. It was absolutely delicious and definitely recommended to anyone who loves mushrooms. For an entree I just ordered the vermicelli pasta which had a tomato and basil sauce which sounds basic but was full of flavor and delicious. All the portions are generous and will likely provide you with left overs. Whether going for a celebration or just a night out, this place is a hit. Just make sure to plan ahead!
Left Bank is overrated. If the food was consistent for all visits, I would agree that Left Bank is amazing. The first time was good - the ravioli and bruschetta was out of this world delicious. And enough to bring home for another meal. For Valentine's Day, they changed their menu. We had some stuffed pepper with cheese and I don't know what, but it was like gluey and tasted weird. The boyfriend and I almost had to play rock, paper, scissor to see who would eat the third pepper so it didn't go to waste. I'm not a big pasta girl, but I wanted pasta for some odd reason so I had linguini with scallops. It was a big plop of linguini in the bowl and nice and shiny and oily and cheesy and overcooked and everything I didn't like. Actually, I didn't really like the scallops either and they're my favorite seafood by far. Ah, and service. I must look poor cause they consistently give us bad service. Ok fine, given the first time, we were all wearing scrubs from school, but that doesn't mean that we won't tip you well. Doesn't mean that you can give us an attitude and not fill our order and not nicely place our plates on the table. Doesn't mean that you can not come over to the table and ask us how our dinner is going when you're obviously chatting up the other tables. Hi, I'm human too. Second time was no better. Stuck up pooheads.
This is my boyfriend's favorite place to eat in Buffalo and he took me there to celebrate my birthday in early June. He made reservations for a late dinner on a Saturday night. Driving past this place I had no idea that this was Left Bank until he pulled into the parking lot next door. Its a cool brick building but I guess I had no idea what to expect. There are two small parking lots next to the building which is convenient. When we walked in the host stand is set a little far from the door and kind of in the middle of the bar area and we stood there for a few minutes without any acknowledgement. The place was bustling and it wasn't a big deal. I was also a little surprised by the lack of dress code. As it was my birthday and a night on the town for us my boyfriend and I were pretty dressed up (I wore a dress and he wore a nice shirt and dress pants) however, there didn't seem to be any sort of dress code and this was a little shocking to me. When the hostess greeted us we were seated right away and we were given the choice of two cozy tables next to a wall. The building is small and the tables are a little close to together. Our waitress was friendly and she was very informative regarding the menu and the specials. On a suggestion from a friend I ordered the pomegranate martini (which is one of my favorites) and my boyfriend order a mojito. He loved his drink as it was very refreshing. My martini tasted strong (obviously) but I guess I didn't love the flavor. I think that if I were to go back I would order a different drink. One of the biggest things that surprised me on the menu was the prices. The prices are very reasonable! I guess I thought that Left Bank was this uber fancy and expensive restaurant and that is simply not the case. I was so curious about the artichoke appetizer and I really wanted to try it. I don't know what it is called exactly but it is like an artichoke caprese stack and it was incredible. My boyfriend who when asked said that he didn't like artichokes' loved them. Probably because they are lightly battered and fried (I'm assuming) and stacked with delicious mozzarella, basil and tomatoes with a balsamic glaze. YUM! The waitress also brought us some bread with some dipping oils. The oil was red and tasted like pizza sauce but it was good. I was just inhaling my appetizer and didn't have a lot of bread. For our entrées I ordered the panko breaded chicken that was topped with avocado, tomato and cucumber salad. It also came with flavored rice and vegetables on the side. My boyfriend was looking for filet as this is his FAVORITE place to eat steak. He chose the twin filet mignon beef tournadoes. I believe that these came with mashed potatoes and vegetables. My chicken was delicious and I was surprised at how large the portion sizes were. I ate one whole chicken cutlet and brought a second one and some sides home. My boyfriend said that his filet was good but it wasn't as good as he remembered and was slightly disappointed. We decided to skip dessert as we were pretty full from our meals. I would definitely give this place another try as everything that I had was really good and the meal with tip was around $100 which is pretty cheap!
All show no taste. The place is over rated. The food does not taste good. Has a good ambiance for a date night, but that's the end of the show. Tried the restaurant twice and the experience was very bad.
Came here with my husband on a Sunday night. I started with the Grilled Shrimp on Asparagus with Goat Cheese. It was light and delicious! The goat cheese was very creamy. It comes with a salad and slices of orange and pink grapefruit. The flavors all came together really well. My husband had the soup du jour which was a Coconut Curry soup with shrimp. It was slightly sweet and spicy and so good! It wasn't hot when we got it though, just warm. I would have liked it served a little hotter. I had the house ravioli which was filled with pork and zucchini. It is probably the world's biggest ravioli! I ate less than half of it and was stuffed! I had enough left over for another meal. The meat was very flavorful and the zucchini was very fresh and delicious. The sauce and cheese were also really good. It wasn't heavy or oily. So good! My husband ordered the Pasta & Seafood. Again, very flavorful and you get a lot of food. (He couldn't finish his either.) The mussels and scallops were tender. The service was very fast without making us feel rushed. Our server was very professional and friendly. The restaurant was slightly too dim and the art work is questionable. We were sitting at a table with what looked like a dying man looking down at us as we ate. A lot of the art work is dark and grim. I thought that was odd for a restaurant. There is a separate room for the bar which looked very popular. The lighting and ambiance could use some work, but our meal was excellent and we would definitely come back if we were ever in Buffalo again!
First let me start by saying that I have only ever been here for Brunch. This is pretty much in my back yard and every Sunday morning the wind carries the the wonderful smell of bacon simmering in its own wonderful fat right into my house and it is glorious yet teasing because this is a place you have to get a reservation about a week in advance in order to get a table. And I don't know about you, but I can never plan anything that far in advance. The last time we went there we had a gift certificate and we didn't use it all, we had/have like $12 left on it. They gave us another certificate for the remaining 12 bux... this really pissed off my boyfriend. To the point to of probably not returning. What can we do with $12 dollars? Why couldn't we use it for the tip? It would have been different if the remainder had been $25+. Oh well. Can't change the past. With that said, the Brunch is good. They have a pretty decent French style cuisine going on. I love the Bruschetta: topped with scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, and cheddar cheese. The Eggs Benedict is good. As are the Potato Pancakes. The fruit salsa is really good. I  will agree with some other reviewers- they are slow. The waiters take a very long time to even come to the table, sometimes I wonder if they are slaughtering the pig in the kitchen with the length of time the food takes to arrive, and then we usually have to ask for the bill. Maybe that is the French way of life and on a Sunday after drinking I am usually not in any hurry, but it gets a bit annoying.
It's giant size portions of mediocre food. I was looking forward to coming here based on the reviews. The atmosphere was great. It felt very roomy and casual. But also romantic with candles and a dimly lit dining room. You could tell there were couples on dates. But the food. It was not good. The bruschetta was fine but none of  the entrees were memorable. The pork chop I ordered was dry and bland and the portions are shockingly huge. You definitely get your moneys worth here. But I would have much preferred quality over quantity.
This is objectively one of the 3 or 4 best restaurants in Buffalo.  When you factor in atmosphere, relatively cheap prices when compared with those other places, and portion size, it's head and shoulders above the rest. Atmosphere is great for anything from a happy hour to an anniversary.  A shady open-air patio is open in the summertime, and is always packed.  I have never been successful at getting reservations on saturday nights, so be sure you make those well ahead of time. Ok, so the food is fantastic.  Seriously.  The ahi tuna tartare is so well balanced and tasty, I could eat it every day.  Every time I go there is a different special or soup that I have to try.  If I have to stick to the classics, they've got a Red Beans and Rice with Chorizo sausage that puts Nola to shame.  Their twin tournadoes of beef with mushroom ragout is awesome, and I've eaten their Penne Arrabiata countless times.  It makes me so hungry, I wish I was there right now! If you're looking for a cheaper alternative to their dinners --reasonable though they are-- try their sunday brunch.  Everything's pretty much under $10, and the food is filling, delicious, and served with freshly baked bread of the day (their espresso chocolate bread is my favorite).   Love the Left Bank.  Seriously.
I'm sorry, but I was NOT impressed with Left bank. I haven't lived in Buffalo for almost 5 years now and upon my recent arrival I posted a facebook status asking what was an upscale restaurant to visit during my stay. Soooooo many people suggested Left Bank so I decided to give it a try with my family and one of my girlfriends. I was told that I would love the "ambiance" of Left bank. When I arrived, I was extremely surprised. What the hell kind of ambiance was everyone raving about? You walk into a bar where everyone turns around and looks at who's walking in (awkward). I felt like taking a bow or something. Then the hostess isn't at the stand so of course you kind of stand around like an idiot until someone comes up to greet you. Then you are seated in this teeny tiny room with like 20 tables. The server came over and was very friendly but in us taking more than 10 seconds to give her our drink orders she promptly said "I'll give you more time" and walked away.  We didn't need more time? Then she came back and took our drink order. We were ready by the time that she brought the drinks and she announced the specials. Since there were 6 people, again, we took some time to get our orders out but wanted to order right away as we were very hungry. We were unable to do so as again she quickly said "I'll give you more time" and walked away. I was a little aggravated at this point because before she even got "time" out of her mouth she turned and walked away. Finally, we ordered our meals. When they arrived, they were all at separate times. I can understand this in an asian fusion type restaurant but not a restaurant where it's not an appetizer friendly menu. The meals were SO heavy and EXTREMELY HUGE portions. I have never seen such portions in my entire life. If I had eaten the entire meal, I would have without a doubt died of a heart attack on the spot (joking but could possibly happen). Maybe my standards are too high as I live in Miami but I dined at Rue Franklin the next day and absolutely LOVED it. I didn't quite understand what the hype was all about at Left Bank but if everyone enjoys it (can tell by the reviews), then I guess don't take my word for it!
One of the best restaurants in Buffalo. This is the one place in my restaurant strata where you need to call way in advance to get a res at a decent hour. Of course, recently my life is structured in such a way that I had to call just a few days in advance and got a 9:30 reservation on Friday for my girlfriend and I. We walked to the restaurant and arrived right on time, maybe even two or three minutes early. It was absolutely packed, even at the bar where we saw a few folks munching on some delicious looking bruschetta. We got a glass of wine and waited for our table. I was annoyed by the long wait, I thought it was unreasonable as a reservation time means nada, but my girlfriend said not to be concerned so I let it go and drank my Pinot Noir. If you look around, this place sets a great tone. It seems women love this restaurant. I wondered why that is the case. It is just an anecdote, but we saw a few girls nights out at the restaurant. Men, take note, women love this place because it is honestly one of the most cozy and romantic places around. This is a date night restaurant that should be in your rotation. On to the food! We got the appetizer with two grilled shrimp on artichoke bottoms filled with goat cheese, served on a platter with citrus vinaigrette and balsamic syrup. This was absolutely delicious!! I would have licked the plate if it were socially acceptable. At this time we ordered a bottle of wine, some Napa cabernet I can't recall very well. They have a decent wine list here, plenty of variety, and you can go really big here but you can also spend 30-something dollars and get something tasty (note, I am not a wine person, much more so a beer nerd so look for yourself). We were then presented with some fresh salads to go with our entrees, served with a balsamic vinaigrette. I am NOT a balsamic fan. My girlfriend is. I don't understand the fascination. I would 9 times out of 10 choose anything else, but this was sweet and delicious, as evidenced by the lack of even a molecule of salad after I had my way with it. Ah, then the entrees came out! She ordered a pasta dish, I believe a seafood linguine special with a cream sauce that came out smelling amaaaazing. It had shrimps and scallops in it with some fresh herbs. I swore I wasn't going to go out and order steak, yet again, but they had a special going with a 12oz Angus Reserve steak topped with greens, lobster (!!!) and melted Fontina cheese, with a side of chevre mashed potato. What carnivore is going to resist that? Not this guy. Sorry! Just kidding, I'm not sorry. This was unreal. Just unreal. Damn, I'm still thinking about that dish. Perfect medium rare, juicy delicious steak, with lobster!! The entrees here are quite sizeable. Everyone we saw had a carry out container as they left. Expect to be really full. On the whole, I have to say the food is high quality. Everything is great at this place. They have GIANT, plate-sized ravioli with various fillings on rotation. Also the house bruschetta is very good. On the menu they have paninis that are outstanding as well. Service is prompt and professional. No complaints at all in that area. Sigh, now the cons/nitpicks/whatever you want to call them: - I don't think I've ever been in a louder restaurant. It was positively deafening in there, way louder than Hutch's, and as someone who has a slight hearing disability it was very difficult to have a conversation with my girlfriend. Every other word out of my mouth was "Huh?" or "What?". I felt awful that I had to ask her to repeat herself so many times. This is enough for me to only come once in a great while. - I don't believe the prices on the web site are at all accurate. It is good value for money here, but when I got to the restaurant I noted that overall the web site showed different prices. So don't get the wrong idea and think you're going to get an entree with an uber-reasonable Bistro Europa price tag. - What's with all the pasta dishes? They do these very well, okay, and they're great, but that's pretty much what you're going to get. Sure, they have a handful of other dishes, and my special was awesome but I wish they would change it up. Specials menu is very small. I had to do it and give a fair review. Overall this is a fantastic place, wonderful, one of the best around especially for a date. Check it out for a special occasion!! You won't regret it, I promise!
My Fiance and I had been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile after hearing such great things. It took us a couple tries to get reservations we wanted as the first couple times we wanted to go they were booked practically solid over a month in advance. The food here is fantastic, I highly suggest the ravioli and my fiance loved her lobster pasta. Definitely one of the better restaurants in Buffalo!
This is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo.  In my opinion priced slightly too high for just a random night out, every time my wife and I go there I spend between $75 and $100 including drinks, appetizer, and dessert.  That being said it is worth every cent.  They do have sandwiches that are in the $10-$15 range so you can eat there inexpensively if you want. My favorite entree is the NY strip with what looks like an entire lobster tail on it, also has spinach and cheese on it.   They make huge ravioli's that sound really good, but I haven't been there on a night that had one that really caught my eye.
Left Bank was a culinary highlight of my visit to Buffalo. In addition, it was a comical celebration of the oddities of life and a treat in company and service. The food first: The Foccia are terrific.  We had the Pesto Chicken Portobello and WOW.  It floored me. We tried the salmon wrapped asparagus in wasabi sauce and it was quite wonderful as well. The clientelle were a bit drunk sitting at the bar, and they provided (at the begining) annoyance, and at the end entertainment (mostly after deftly reseating ourselves during a lull in the action).  The tender was quite comical in dealing with the attending inebriated, but kept a god focus on the others at the bar needing service.  Struck a good balance and it was appretiated. The decor has trendous attention to detail and the bar itself is warm and inviting. I HIGHLY recommend a visit for a nice sit down and eat drink a beer and hang out evening. OH, and the beer selection is TOP NOTCH, and I understand the wine is too.
Ahh Left Bank.  Always tempting me to stop in and get something decadent when I'm trying to walk the dog.  They've got good food here and the prices are quite reasonable.  Its a nice place for a relaxing Friday night meal with the wife, an impromptu dinner at the bar or just a few drinks with friends. The food tends towards the HOLY SHIT THERE IS A LOT OF BUTTER AND CREAM AND CHEESE end of the spectrum.  Sometimes that can be nice, but it can also create an underwhelming experience.  Its great that their amp goes to 11, but more and louder isn't always the answer.  The best meals I've had here have been the ones where the kitchen has used a light hand in both technique & volume of ingredients.  The poorest ones have been gigantic plates with way too much of everything leading to muddled flavors. The beer list is pretty solid, highlights include bottles of Orval & Hennepin, as well as Pilsener Urquell assuming the keg is fresh.  I can't speak to the wine list.
I go to Left Bank so often I almost feel guilty writing this review for when you first arrive (and each time you go back) you feel like an old friend. First things first: make a reservation if you want to eat dinner at a table BUT if you can't get a reservation, they'll serve you at the bar presuming it's not too busy. The food is phenomenal.  I have never had a lack luster appetizer, soup, salad, entree or dessert.  I think I've tried everything on their menu at least once.  I LOVE the Grand Marnier Pork with chevre mashed potatoes, the Carrot Parpadelle in lobster sauce, the Portabella fries with fondue "for two", all of their focaccia pizzas, and especially their daily soup special(s). Their brunch is the best I've had.  I used to say that about Norma's in Manhattan until I had the absolute pleasure of brunching it at LB.  They provide live music (think jazz-inspired trio or quartet.)  My favorite dish is their Crab Cakes Benedict.  MY GOD!  Mmmm. Assuming you do have a reservation (think two weeks ahead of time for a Friday or Saturday evening), get there early for a cocktail.  The bartenders are GREAT!  Try one of their many beer/wine options or ask for an extravagant concoction. The prices are reasonable enough that you could and should order an appetizer or soup, an entree for sure, and maybe a desert to share.  They also have an espresso bar. Their patio, as other reviewers mentioned, is a great place to hang out on a nice evening.  In the warm seasons they will also serve your meal outside. They have two free lots on the same block, same side of the street.  It's easily located near the corner of Richmond Avenue and Rhode Island street. If you live in Buffalo and haven't been here previously, you MUST go.  If you're visiting, you MUST go.  If you had no prior reason to visit Buffalo, you DO NOW. I've been told that they don't do paid advertising...and it's clear to see why.  They're always full due to their great menu and consistency.  Their service (contrary to on review on here) is spot on: who wants to go to a nice restaurant and be rushed?  Certainly not me!  The service is attentive and professional without being stuffy or rude.  Love them. In a word: GO.  In two words: GO NOW!
This review is for brunch only.  I have not been here for dinner. When a fine dining establishment offers a Sunday brunch that they describe on their website as "simple. elegant. tasteful." accompanied by a jazz duo, I am prepared not only for a fantastic experience but also the price tag that goes with it.   I came primarily for the music and I had heard good things about the food.  I made reservations well in advance and my brunch companion and I have been looking forward to this experience.   Our reservations were for 11am.  Music started about 11:30am, and although not technically jazz (the selection we heard was 1930s era love songs), it was soft and elegant and provided a nice backdrop for the meal. Overall, the atmosphere was great for brunch, the music was a nice accompaniment, not too loud, but the food failed us.  I expected to be blown away or, at the very least, impressed.  Neither of us were. We ordered the Wild Mushroom Bisque to start with.  The soup was very good and had mushroom caps and pieces of mushrooms.  While I enjoyed the mushroom caps, I found it odd that they also included stems in the soup.  Not something I would expect from a fine dining kitchen.  As I got down to the bottom of the soup, I found myself spitting out rosemary leaves and pepper corns (?) which had settled at the bottom of the cup and were a strong contrast in texture to the rest of the soup. For entrees we split both the Seafood Benedict and the Walnut Encrusted French Toast. Menu Description of Entrees (courtesy of Left Bank's website): Seafood Benedict: Crab cakes with poached eggs, topped with a citrus hollandaise sauce $13 Walnut encrusted French toast with brown sugar topped with cranberry chambord sauce, grand marnier and whipped cream, served with a side of sausage and bacon  $10 We started with the Seafood Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce tasted a little off from what I expected but perhaps that was the "citris" in the description.  The texture of the sauce was also thicker than I've generally experienced.  The crab cakes were fresh made and nicely flavored but were mostly breading. Next, we moved on to the french toast.  It was made with real french bread and the waitress brought us steak knives to cut it with because the crust made eating it difficult.  We had similarly made french toast at Break'n Eggs, but didn't have any difficulties there.  I have no idea how the bread tasted because the syrup coating it and everything else on the plate - including the fresh fruit and the sausage & bacon - was so intense and overpowering.  I am a big fan of cranberry, chambord and I are long time friends, and grand marnier and I aren't strangers either.  I was so looking forward to this but instead I got a mouthful of very strong flavors which melted together into a sweet mess that wasn't very tasty at all.  We left most of it on the plate. Overall, it was okay.  It wasn't excellent and it wasn't even note worthy.  There was nothing here to write home about.  Breakfast for two was $33 before tip. I won't be returning.
This is one of those classic "Buffy" hotspots that we take out-of-towners to, in order to impress upon them that we actually have good food and a decent scene.   The service can be maddingly slow, and you can NEVER get a table on a Friday or Saturday night unless you call in advance.  Howevs, the atmosphere is pretty cool and the food is decent.  The "creative"ness of the menu has worn off after so many years, but they do have fairly extensive daily specials to keep one's interest piqued.   The wine list is rather short and sweet, but the bottles are reasonably priced.
It only took me until my last day of living in Buffalo for a school year to find the best restaurant in the city.  The bar area and the restaurant area are split exactly in half - a little bit awkward because it makes the bar area much bigger than it seemingly needs to be and the restaurant area not big enough.  Anyways, service throughout the night was above average - no problems whatsoever. Our meal begin w/ bread and a sundried tomato/olive oil dipping sauce that was ok but the rest of my family really liked it.  The stacked fried artichokes were also a big hit and I could've licked that plate clean.  When the entrees came, we were astounded (in a good way).  So often, I'm usually disappointed in the portion sizes from nicer restaurants but Left Bank holds nothing back - heaping plate sizes makes for some good leftovers for me and I can't remember the last time I haven't finished a meal.  My pork tenderloin in a Grand Marnier sauce was moist and tasty throughout and the Chevre mashed potatoes were every bit as good as advertised.  Every single dish sang - the carrot pappardelle tossed with seafood and the pasta & seafood were both made with some high quality pasta and delicious.  The panko breaded chicken cutlets were also juicy but were the least flavorful of the 4.   In all, everyone was extremely pleased with their meal.  For the price (~$100/4 ppl), portion size, and quality cooking, the value cannot be beat and this place is a definite go-to spot for a terrific meal.
Service matters.  The hostess (maybe manager?) was rude.  Bad start to the night.  The food was fine, but the same kind of food is available at a ton of restaurants in Buffalo.  Nothing special.  The salad was fine, the artichoke tomato stack thing looks better than it tastes, the pasta was good, but there's way too much of it and it did not re-heat well the next day.  The tart for dessert was just ok.  I don't plan on going back.  It wasn't worth it the price.     BUT I will give a special shout out to the bus staff.   They were actually great!  See, I told you, service matters.
Excellent Eggs Benedict and Bloody Marys.
I confess: I am obsessed. Ever since my first experience at the Left Bank last Christmas, I've been dreaming about this place. A lot. Maybe a bit too much, but I can't help it. So on my way back from Chicago, I was crazy enough to take a two hour detour to Buffalo in order to eat here. Of course, the opportunity to shop a bit doesn't hurt either. First up, we have, as usual, some bread to start. It wasn't anything remarkable, perhaps even a little too cold for my liking, but the roasted red pepper oil for dipping was absolutely amazing! Flavourful and aromatic, the oil was a perfect complement to the plain bread. I had a lot of trouble stopping myself from eating all the bread because of it. Moving on the appetizer- fried oysters with tomato-corn and jalapeno salsa and creole remoulade. This was delectable! I love deep fried oyster, but this is definitely one of the best ones that I've had. I loved how that wasn't an overwhelming amount of batter, which made the oyster felt a lot lighter. The accompanying salsa was light and refreshing, and I loved the addition of the sweet corn, which nicely balanced out the heaviness of the fried oyster. And lastly, the creole remoulade was just to die for! Creamy and rich, it was so unbelievably scrumptious with the oyster that I had a strong urge to lick the plate clean... The Left Bank has a daily ravioli feature. Today's was filled with roasted pork tenderloin, banana peppers, and mixed cheeses, topped with a tomato cream sauce. What arrived was the biggest single piece of ravioli that I've ever seen in my life! The flavour of this was reminiscent of lasagna (which I love). I'm not a big fan of pork tenderloin in pasta, but there is something so comforting about a delicious, cheesy pasta that just warms my heart. It was so big that we only managed to eat one-third of it, and packed the rest home! Similarly, the bruschetta also changes daily. I ordered it the first time I was here (featuring smoked salmon) and was so blown away that there was no question that I had to get it again. Today, ours was topped with a creole red pepper cheese spread, shrimp, chorizo, spinach, tomatoes, cheddar and montery jack cheese. More red pepper and cheese!? I'm already sold! The bread was perfectly toasted and the toppings were like a rich symphony of indescribably delicious flavours! I really want to find out what kind of cheese blend the Left Bank uses, because it's so sinfully tasty! I swear it's the best I've ever had! The bruschetta was also supposed to be an appetizer, but the portion was huge! We ate half of it and packed the rest home. I think I just died and went to heaven.
Hi, we just missed the brunch...so we dined here technically for dinner. I had the Fagioli soup as an appetizer. I really enjoyed it minus the lima beans, but that is a personal thing...I hate lima beans. My gf had the house salad, she liked it enough. Came with bread, which we went through very quickly. Moving onto the main course. I had the Eggplant and portobello mushroom entre and my gf had the special of the day, which was one big ravioli, which very much resembled a burito. I wish I had a picture available to attach. My food was so so, but I am a vegetarian and was a bit limited here. I enjoyed the eggplant portion of my food, but I really could have done without the mushroom part. Didn't mix well in my opinion. My gf really enjoyed the ravioli. The portions were very big, which I am not complaining about. We both have at least a days leftovers. Place was a nice overall experience and would definitely try it again.
Best brunch EVER. Best Tuna Tartare EVER. I have never come here and not been blown away by the tasty food. it's one of my favorite Buffalo restaurants. Hu and Jeff are great at the bar and the waitstaff are really friendly and on-the-ball.
Went back again and was even less impressed. The people working here are very nice and we sat outside and thus avoided the super noisiness, but the food was a bit disappointing. Most dishes were more complicated than they needed to be. The steak had a crazy sweet sauce (and came way over cooked -- which yielded a free dessert at least) and many things seemed to have shellfish thrown on top unnecessarily. I ended up with a bellyache at the end -- just a bit too rich for me. I'll probably end up back here but I would only order the most simple dishes on the menu.
I came here on a friend's recommendation. Boy am I glad I did. Even though it was freezing and snowing outside, the restaurant was definitely popping! Make a reservation if you can, there was a 2 hour wait for a table. Luckily we were a party of 2 and we were able to snag a seat at the bar fairly quickly. This is what I had: - Homemade ravioli - This is a rotating menu and they switch it up daily. I had one that was stuffed chock full of meatballs and mozzarella. And boy was it delicious. First of all, this is not ravioli where you get tiny little pocket pastas stuffed with a measly filling. What you get is one ravioli. One plate-sized, extra large, burrito of a ravioli stuffed with whatever is on the daily special. It was perfect for the cold day. - Pasta and seafood - They definitely do not skimp on the seafood here. Every bite of food is filled with delicious seafood. The portions here are really big. Be prepared to pack some home.
Oh la la..... I know dinner was amazing if I dive in and eat it for breakfast....snack... and lunch... all before 11am...  I came here for a 'first date' and those of your searching "first date" should know I recommend it. We ordered a round of drinks at the bar and then waited for our table, he had made reservations for 7:15.  We were promptly seated, a carafe of ice water was served and some warmed Italian bread with red pepper infused oil.  I didn't care for the dipping oil, but the bread itself was very tasty.  My date however, really liked the oil.   For dinner, my date had the pork tenderloin which looked fabulous and I had the Penne Special.  He commented that he wasn't so sure about his meal because it had a lot of cranberries, but he ate over 1/2 so I would assume the cranberries were OK.  As for mine....OH MY GOD.  Think Macaroni and Cheese from heaven with plum tomatoes, spinach, Gorgonzola, bacon and flank steak... To die for.  I'm writing this while I eat my left overs, I've had to pause several time to enjoy it...   One thing I'd like to point out - The Flank Steak.  It was beyond tender, and it tasted like steak.  I really dislike when I order a "fancy" mac and cheese and it all tastes the same.  This dish had the creamy undertone of Gorgonzola, but the tomatoes were fresh, the spinach was amazing, and then every now and again you get a hit of bacon.  I don't care who you are (excuse me vegetarians/vegans) but bacon is freaking amazing.... and a little surprise bite of it - that's just extra amazing... My dinner was served with a fresh garden salad with their house balsamic vinaigrette on it.  I'm a salad snob and was pleased.  It was fresh, the vegetables were crisp and it had bean sprouts, which I love. Prices per plate ranged from about $11 for the "peasant's fare" all the way up to $30.  I think mine was about $22?  I've had dinner (maybe a little snack before bed), Breakfast, snack, and Lunch.... That's 3 meals and two little gimme bites here and there...   I will absolutely positively be back.....
I went there for my birthday brunch (Dec 15th) and was thrilled to find that there were live jazz musicians playing Christmas music - it was lovely. We got there around 11:30, which was when we saw that it opened on online, and by 11:38 it was full. We asked for a table but there was none available until 1:45 (so, make a reservation!), but we gladly sat at the bar for our meal. We had a mimosa (although I would have changed my order to a bellini after seeing them prepared) and a bloody mary (yummy with lots of horseradish!). My date and I split the eggs benedict, which was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and I'd most certainly get it again. We also shared the nut-crusted, compote-covered french toast. That wasn't a favorite for either of us - the compote was a bit tart and made the crunchy texture (we were looking forward to) on the toast kinda soggy. But, that said, I'd certainly go back, 100%, and can't wait to try dinner. And, can't wait to try brunch again either! Great brunch, good date place, great ambiance, great experience. One of the best in Buffalo that I've found so far.
The menu hasn't changed in something like 36 years. Or so it seems, at least. Left Bank used to be very good, but I don't understand why anybody would choose to eat here when there are so many better choices in WNY--places where you know who the chef is and where he or she is sourcing their food, where the menu and specials change seasonally, and most importantly, where the food is actually delicious. But the people keep coming back. Which is why nothing has changed at Left Bank, I guess. That said, great bar, service and atmosphere.
The food is always good, but they never change their menu so as a regular spot it is frustrating.  Good wine list and great atmosphere.  Also some really good servers, most are well versed on the menu and wines and very helpful.   My only knock is the giant ravioli.  Don't get it.  Wouldn't Italians have served it this way centuries ago if this is how it should be served?
I have been here on other occasions but today's review is of the Sunday brunch.  I'm not normally a brunch person so this one was a pleasant surprise.  The menu was nicely complete without being too extensive. I ordered the seafood eggs Benedict and my dinner guest had the steak and eggs.  We both shared a waffle.  My entree was nicely done and quite tasty, I would definitely order it again.  The steak, on the other hand, was a bit over-done.  He ordered medium and it came out closer to medium well.  At any rate, he enjoyed it greatly.   Upon our arrival, we were informed that it would be about a 10 minute wait.  We each got a our drinks (scotch) and settled in for our wait which probably ended up being about 10 minutes.  Our server was very nice and very efficient. The atmosphere was very enjoyable.  I can see it getting a bit loud but then this probably isn't the kind of place to go for a quiet romantic evening...you will probably want to go to La Tee Dah or something like it for that.
Left Bank is out of this world good.  I have never had a less than phenomenal dish here.  One of the very best of WNY. Perfect for special occasions.  City-romantic with raw brick, white table clothes, and dim candlelit warmth.
tried to go to the left bank with our wedding party. I called a month in advance to make reservations for us. when we arrived we were 30 minutes early to our reservation. They had our table set up but with 5 less chairs. The host acted uninterested in helping us. Very disappointed. I'm sure the food is wonderful but I'm scared to see if you can't count and handle a reservation.
HANDS DOWN THE BEST RESTAURANT IN BUFFALO!!! I travel to Buffalo on a semi-regular basis for business and just discovered this gem. My experience was so unbelievable that I had to write a review about it! BOTTOM LINE - go eat here!!!! Anyway, here is my own two cents summed up... 1) Most importantly...great, wonderful, flavorful, food!!!! I did not have the experience some have posted about "too rich" of food, but I also realize certain dishes can vary. I had the salmon and it was unbelievable! Perfectly cooked and not slathered in butter (or sauces) at all! 2) Loved the casual laid-back atmosphere! Upscale, but not "stuffy" at all!!! For someone who travels solo for work quite frequently, it was the perfect place to grab a tasteful meal at the bar - and with a TV to catch up on the latest sports news. Also, the place was packed on Tuesday night...that should tell you something!! 3) The bartender/service was amazing! I had asked the bartender about a couple of menu items and got some honest, straight-forward, answers. Specifically regarding a menu item that bartentender thought had an over-the-top, "sweet" sauce. What can I say, sometimes it is worth it to ask the people that actually work there! It was great service!!! 4) You can't be the prices for such a quality meal!!! I have travelled all over the USA for work...HANDS DOWN the Left Bank flat out puts some of the so called "best", "trendy", or "stylish" restauarants (in some of the largest cities) to shame. 5) I can't wait to come back!!!
A Buffalo staple. Not much to say that hasn't already been said. I had a great steak and eggs at Left Bank this morning for brunch. The music was live upright bass and guitar. I've been here for drinks, dinner, and now brunch and I've never been disappointed. Left Bank is pretty much a sure thing in Buffalo. It's located in a nice brick-exposed building with a large patio for the summer and good amount of off-street parking.
Absolutely the best restaurant in Buffalo. Guaranteed to be an fabulous dinning experience. This place has a fine dinning feel with a casual atmosphere. It is always busy here, so be prepared for noise, which actually adds to its casual charm. I have been eating here for many years and the Left Bank always delivers. Excellent food, fantastic service, great atmosphere. Just make sure to make your reservations way in advance, because a restaurant this good is always busy.
Cheese fondue for two was awesome. Seafood pasta (linguine, scallops, salmon, shrimp, light tomato sauce) was divine, and it tasted great the next day (huge portions) Pork tenderloin with cranberry glaze was cooked perfectly and also was wonderful the next day Wine options are slightly limited Def will return
I visited Left Bank on a Wednesday, unbeknownst to me, it was their usual Asian night. After a cocktail at the bar, our table was ready. We started with an Asian themed Tuna Tartare. The tuna was fantastic, placed on a pedastal of steamed rice, covered with a spicy miso sauce. I do not remember the name of what my dining partner selected, but it was a pasta dish with scallops, shrimp, mussels and other various seafood. I, however, can not forget my meal. It was a 10 oz. Kobe beef strip steak over garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. There was a nice red wine reduction over the steak that complemented the beef perfectly. The staff was very friendly, the meal was priced right and could not have asked for a better experience. I highly recommend Left Bank to anyone.
I choose to go to the Left Bank for my birthday dinner. The party at our table before us took their time leaving, so we had some wine at the bar, which I did not mind. When we were finally seated the hostess sent us a complimentary appetizer as an apology. That was beyond and above what was expected. After we finished our apps we ordered the special ravioli and is was amazing! I ordered the panko chicken for my entree, it was so fresh and different from any other dish I've had. The panko chicken at left bank is now my favorite meal anywhere. I can't wait to go back. The service was excellent as well. Definitely can't wait to go back
Went here on a first date and it set a nice tone.  The atmosphere is dignified yet comfortable.  All the tables were filled with happily chatting couples and groups.  The bar, through which one enters the dining room, was cavernous and no doubt added to the high noise level of this small establishment. The service seemed a little tense, which was a bit of a damper.  It could have been the server's first week, you never know.  We had the fondue-for-two for starters, and it offered a yummy arrangement of meat, vegetables and focaccia for dipping.  I was surprised that the cheese sauce was not gooey enough to really douse the foods. My date had the salmon, which he devoured with gusto.  I had a special consisting of angel-hair pasta and scallops.  It was extremely heavy with garlic, even for French cooking, but it packed plenty of "zing."  The mixed-berry tart I had for dessert was also flavorful, and they did not make us feel rushed. All in all I would say this was a more than satisfactory, if not quite superior, dining experience and I will definitely go back in the future.  Reservations are probably a must on Friday and Saturday nights. P.S. About one year later, my date became my husband. I guess that's a recommendation if ever there was one.
A great place for a nice date night. People rave about the atmosphere, but it could use improvement; that floor is hideous and should be replaced with some nice hardwood or something. The food, a.k.a. the important part, is top notch. I highly recommend the filet mignon.
Nice ambiance..great place to take your girlfriend for a special date. We go here when we are attending the Philharmonic nearby. Pricy but so worth it. Make sure you get there for Sunday brunch as well.
Went here for brunch on Sunday, as I had been here for dinner a few years back and really enjoyed it. Brunch was ok. Nothing stellar.  I had the eggs benedict which was good, but not mind blowing. BF had the seafood benedict. We agreed that mine was better.  He had thesoup of the day to start which was a sweet potato poblano.  WOW.  Delicioso. Water carafe and bread assortment were lovely touches.  Saw the french toast go by and that looked to die for.  Next time frenchy toast, you are mine!
I feel completely torn :-( The food was amazing, so that gets 5 stars. The waitress was nice, that gets 4 stars. The hostess was AWFUL! She didn't seat us which normally wouldn't be a big deal but because she didn't show us to our seats we didn't have menus.  When we finally got them, we didn't get a wine list.  It was infuriating!  Then they failed to give us bread until the waitress noticed no one came to give us any.   Overall, I don't know if we were treated this way because my BF and I look young or because we were wearing jeans and this restaurant is supposedly "dressy" or perhaps because of the "holiday" weekend, who knows?!?!   I'm going with 4 stars because I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that they were swamped during valentines weekend...
Amazing restaurant- friendly staff, incredible and tasty food. I've been here a couple times; once with my boyfriend and the other with a group of 7. The server was very attentive and patient with everyone, even though it was a busy night. The food is high quality, my only request is that they would include more options for vegetarians, like myself. Although the 2 dishes I have had (Breaded Eggplant and Cheese Tortellini) were out of this world.
This is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo. Never have I had a negative experience! To start it off, the bartenders here are some of the best. Joelle, Jeffrey & Hieu are the 3 that I most come in contact with, and I remember back in the day when I first started coming I must say they treated me just as if I were to walk in today. It's also a favorite place of mine to stop in and meet up with friends for cocktails, so I let's just say I have been here well more than a handful of times. - the pink grapefruit martini, though not listed, is somewhat of a house specialty. The sugar AND salt rimmed glass MAKES that thing. Do be aware that it is quite the busy little place when it comes to the dining area, so be sure to call a day or so ahead for reservations. Many reviews mention the tuna tartare & the fondu for two, which are botg absolutely wonderful. I tend to prefer the tilapia stack, which finds to very decent-sized pieces of tilapia sandwiched between crisp wontons with sauteed bok choy, bean sprouts & mushrooms which is served with an asian vinaigrette. When it comes to the actual meals, nothing beats the pork tenderloin with the Grand Marnier cranberry sauce & the chevre mashed potatoes. Simply amazing. Other notables are the chicken and chorizo linguini, the penne all'Arrabiatta with san marzano sauce, crushed red pepper, vodka, prosciutto, sauteed banana peppers and calamari. Don't forget to try some of the foccacia's, they're awesome too. Great atmosphere, friendly and professional staff, and amazing food. You can't go wrong with the Left Bank!
What a lovely gem! Beautiful decor, wonder patio. The service was absolutely impeccable, and the food was done right! Creative options and priced so well for what a nice restaurant this is. My scallops were wonderful, perfectly cooked. The mozzarella salad was wonderful as well, as was a lobster pasta special that my husband ordered. I was delighted to have found this gem, as we are from out of town. I appreciate the water jug on the table, and their accommodating my gluten allergy. My husband enjoyed the bread and yummy flavored oil! I would definitely return and recommend this restaurant to others!
I'm from out of town and my friends took me here for dinner. My expectations were pretty standard (call it an obnoxious Manhattan palette) but I was really impressed! My appetizer - tomatoes, mozzarella, fried something - was okay, but the salmon was so good! Service was great and I would definitely go back.
Arranged a going away party here for 20 people. It was pretty crowded for a Monday night! Had cocktail hour first at the bar and everyone seemed to enjoy their drinks...I was quite fond of my grape martini.  They also have a large selection of wine. Service....2 waitresses did a wonderful job feeding such a large crowd...plenty of attention and everything was perfect! Food... Appetizers...everyone loved the tuna!  The fondue was also pretty good.  Some were afraid of the ginormous stuffed mushroom and shied away from it (in part because they were not sure what it was!!) Main course....holy cow!! Many of us had the ravioli special and it was HUGE....I am talking the entire plate huge! and fresh yummy sauce...mmm! We had a great time and I would not hesitate to return!
are you kidding me right now? why haven't we heard of this place before?? THIS IS THE BEST RESTAURANT IN BUFFALO. soooooooooo amazingly delicious. awesome service. (the only con is that the bar area is like half of the restaurant & it can get loud.)
Ate here twice in two weeks, so good ingot the same thing.  Service is slow but in a good way, don't go here thinking you'll be in and out in time to make a movie or show unless maybe you tell them when you sit down.  Food is fantastic.  Try the fondue for two as an appetizer.  If you're going to have more than one glass of wine, get the bottle, prices are reasonable.    Great atmosphere, ambiance, and staff.
Left bank is delicious and for a more fancier meal, the price it reasonable!  Their fondue is excellent. I went for a NY strip steak, a special for that night, on our last visit during what I believe was their "Asian themed night" and the sauce was a bit much and overwhelming. Don't get me wrong, the sauce was delicious, they just put too much on. The steak was cooked perfectly. A good meal all in all. When this place is packed, it can get very LOUD inside. It's a smaller space with lots of brick, so voices tend to bounce off the walls. The Left bank may want to consider some sound treatment to their space!!! Regardless, this is one of my husband's favorite places in Buffalo. I do like it a lot too! A place everyone in Buffalo must try if they have not been to!!
I really like Left Bank but I was a little disappointed this time. The fondue was really good, the beef tenderloins that it came with were cooked perfect. They were out of the tuna tartare so I went with my gut and got one of their daily specials, the fried crab linguine. The portion size was huge and the crab was lightly fried (delicious) but overall it didn't do it for me. Maybe it was because I really wanted the tuna. My girlfriend got the stacked artichokes which both her and I enjoyed. We tried their roasted red pepper bisque (special) next. It was tomato based and awfully sweet tasting. There wasn't enough red pepper flavor and the crab I believe, was canned. Not good to say the least. I still really like this place and will definitley come back. The service was great, prices reasonable. Beer menu however definitley needs an upgrade. Cue: Shango
I was visiting the area, and if not for a website like Yelp there's no chance I'd have stumbled upon this gem.  I'm not sure what this neighborhood is, but it's cute and there are a few businesses in this area that all seemed quite busy.  We made reservations and didn't have to wait upon arrival at the restaurant.   The food and service were great and the prices were very reasonable for the quality (and I was really surprised by the generous portions).  Both entrees were really terrific (Angus strip steak topped with sauteed greens, balsamic glazed onions and fontina cheese served on grilled tuscan bread and Carrot Papardella-tossed with lobster, shrimp and crabmeat served in a shellfish-brandy cream, w/ julienne vegetables, arugula and tarragon).  What really shined for me was the Ahi tuna "tartare".  Quite possibly the best preparation of tuna I've ever eaten anywhere.  I can't wait to have a reason to eat here again!!!
I have been here about four or five times now and every single time it gets better. Once you walk in you are immediately greeted, and seated (always make reservations!). The waitress' and waiters are very knowledgable about the menu and specials. The last time I was there my boyfriend and I ordered the scallops and pork belly as well as the banana peppers as apps. I've never had better scallops! The banana peppers were spicy but not too spicy served with a generous portion of sauce and cheeses. As an entree I ordered the penne steak pasta with peppers. This is an amazing dish with so much flavor, tender steak, and the best portion. This restaurant is one of my personal favorites in Buffalo!
Always a pleasure to eat here! Great food and lovely atmosphere! Parking is usually not a problem I love the fire house directly across the street!
I went here recently on a date and couldn't have had a better time. The Ambiance is great, food outstanding, and service top notch.
!
Great place for brunch, make reservations though if you can. Eating at the bar is always an option too. Murphy's on tap and a great atmosphere to sit back and enjoy some time with friends.
One of Buffalo's finest! The food is always fantastic- the artichoke, tomato, and mozzarella dish is a must, and the service is outstanding! I've dined at Left Bank with a large group and I've been here on a date and for both settings the restaurant worked perfectly! Also the portions are large! Great, great restaurant!!
Here's the thing. It's ostensibly a French restaurant. I say "ostensibly" because the only evidence of this fact is the name of the restaurant: "Left Bank." The menu is a smorgasbord of cross-cultural travesties such as red beans and rice (there were cowboys in early twentieth century Paris, right?) and "tuna tartare" (read: sushi) and the decor is distinctly "Buffalo's idea of good taste." It's your basic Western New York bid for legitimacy: Hey, maybe we can't do nice things, but we can do them nice enough that the locals won't notice. Upon arrival I was told that there would be an Asian theme for the night. I was informed of this news as if I should be grateful, which is funny, because the waitress may have well have kicked me in the nuts and punched my sister in the face. Are you kidding me? A NIGHT of Asian cuisine? Hey, I have an idea, why not pick a cuisine and do it well instead of aspiring to mediocrity in every vaguely "multicultural" genre you can summon? Oh, that's right, because it's Buffalo and the nice restaurants are just mall food courts with candles on the tables. (P.S. our candle kept going out) I'll cut to the chase: if you like the food here you're either a local or you're hoping to sleep with a waiter/waitress or both. So yeah, for Buffalo, this place is decent. But maybe save your money and get the chicken finger sub you were born to eat anyway.
Love the atmosphere, service, and consistently great food from Left Bank. Went here for dinner and had service from Cheri, she was so nice and attentive and made great recommendations. She recommended the Tuna tartare for an appetizer which was wonderful. We had the steak special(Panko crust with Gorgonzola), seafood&pasta, and stripsteak&lobster.  All of them were delicious! Made for a great evening.
I just don't get the hype over the Left Bank.  I have visited this restaurant twice for dinner and both times I was disappointed, particularly given the price point.  I wish I could give it 2.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 3 because some dishes are better than others.  IMHO, I would readily pass up the Left Bank in favor of Trattoria Aroma on Bryant for this price point. General thoughts: --This might be a matter of personal preference, but I can't get excited about the menu.  You know things are off to a bad start when nothing really looks that great.  Some dishes sounded delicious, until I got to the part where they added some crazy sauce or seafood.   --The dishes are also ridiculously heavy and the portions are enormous.  I realize I am crazy to complain that the portions are too large, but I would rather have a normal-sized serving of something really special rather than 4 servings of something mediocre.  My husband, who can eat an obscene amount of food in one sitting, also complained that the portions are way too big to be enjoyable.     Our specific dishes: --I ordered the portabella mushroom with artichoke stuffing as an appetizer.  The mushroom and stuffing were delicious, but the dish was marred because it was drenched in the peppercorn port sauce.  Yes, they advertise the sauce in the menu, but I didn't realize it would be swimming in the stuff.  It was huge and I only ate about half.   --I had the Cellentani for my main course (pasta with grilled chicken, grape tomatoes, basil pesto cream sauce, and mozzarella).  This dish was also enormous  and the cream sauce was so heavy I couldn't eat more than a few bites.  This is a dish that definitely does not need cheese.  I still have leftovers 3 days later because you can only eat a tiny bit at a time. --My husband loved the Thai crab salad appetizer he ordered.  This was the highlight of the meal, but it is a special and not part of the regular menu. --He ordered the ravioli of the day and said it was just too big.  As I said before, this man can eat A LOT so you know it's bad when he thinks it's too much.
Have been here a few times and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Finally tried their brunch, and it will be one tough to beat! Their French toast far exceeds any French toast I have had elsewhere, and had me hoping to come back the very next day for the same meal
I have to agree with prior reviewer Jess O.  The dishes are pretentious and needlessly complicated but not fresh or of the best quality.  The service is painfully slow.  The atmosphere would be pleasant but for the the service and hoary food. I'll grant you that the issue of "overly complicated but not fresh" is a city-wide issue, but this is almost the worst case.  I can't comment on the bar.
Left Bank seems to be more of a trendy bar that happens to have a good restaurant attached rather than a real fine dining spot.  From what I can gather the menu doesn't really change, and they rely more on style than substance.  All things considered, I enjoyed most of my meal and had a nice time. We ordered one of every appetizer, tuna tartar, fried oysters, artichoke stack, fondue and a bowl of mushroom bisque.  There's really nothing all that new or adventurous, just slight adaptations on tried and true apps.  Left Bank relies on over-the-top portion sizes and dramatic platings for wow factor.   The  tuna tartar which other Yelpers rave about was placed upon a 5" pedestal of long grain rice with sushi seasoning.  Pretty yes, but there was a ton of rice which was not needed that drowned out the tuna.  The plate was also garnished with a sriracha sauce, which seemed a poor choice given the delicate flavor of the tartar.  Pretty good, but nothing special.  The fried oysters also came with a sriracha remoulade, which was far too strong for the subtleties of fresh seafood.   Depsite the heavy hand with the sriracha the fried oysters were amazing.  Most fried oysters I've had have been cooked through to a chewy crispy ball which is unrecognizeable as an oyster.  These were more like runny eggs contained in a light crust of cornmeal.  Superb, except for two bits of shell which made it on to the plate and one of which ending up in my mouth.  The tomato artichoke app was  a multi layer tower of tomato slices, fried mozzarella, and artichokes drizzled with vinaigrette.  Althoug attractive and tasty, it proved not very practicle when it came to actually eating it.  The truffled mushroom bisque was incredible and the highlight of the meal. Everyone's entrees were satisfying, besides mine.  The carrot lobster pappardella was tasty although heavy on the cream.  The escarole special was the most impressive entree, and was served with a delicious citrus butter sauce.  My porterhouse was supposed to be served with a red wine sauce, but arrived sitting in a puddle of raw red wine.  This wasn't a case of the sauce not reducing enough.  The alcohol hadn't even been cooked out of the wine, and it was a chore to eat. Throwing peppercorns in red wine is not a sauce. I would have sent it back, but I didn't want to prolong what was already a long dinner. Would be 4 stars if not  for the oyster shell and the terrible red wine sauce.
I have to admit, it was my first trip to Buffalo.  My co-worker and I used Yelp (thanks Yelpers) to find a nice place to eat dinner during our short trip here.  Left Bank did not disappoint.   As a Left Coaster, I know good restaurants (San Fran has top notch places) and Left Bank felt like a San Francisco/Seattle restaurant.  (The place actually reminded me a lot of Black Bottle in Seattle, WA). The food was amazing, and the portion sizes were huge but not over priced.  We shared the mesclun salad with goat cheese wontons (I NEED to recreate this at home), grilled shrimp on artichoke bottoms with goat cheese, the Parma foccacia (heavenly) and we had to try the chevre mashed potatoes (yes, we like goat cheese).   We were STUFFED and didn't even finish everything.  The wine list was varied and most likely complimented the food well (I only had one glass of the Rose - dry and fruity). Next time I am traveling to Buffalo (for work or otherwise), I might have to skip the wings and head straight to Left Bank.
I really have nothing bad to say about this place.  Awesome atmosphere, fantastic service, and delicious food.  The dim lighting and industrial interior really make it.  Sunday brunch is great, as well as for a nice dinner out.  Try the ravioli. It is one big piece, which has about the dimensions of a DVD box.  Mine was filled with breaded chicken, ricotta and fresh mozzarella cheeses, and spinach, topped with a sweet vodka sauce and fresh parmesan cheese.  Half of the monster is a meal by itself.
The ambience of this place is incredible and the food is amazing. This is probably one of the best restaurants in Buffalo
So far it's the Best Sunday brunch with the best atmosphere (live music, exposed brick,vaulted ceilings) in the city of BLo.
My fiance and I recently went here for dinner.  3 stars entail the following:  the wait, even with a 8pm reservation, was too long.  Didn't actually get seated until closer to 9.  The fondue appetizer was INCREDIBLE.  The service was ok, we had like three different waiters bugging us all night.  For the entre we both ordered the fillet mignon which looked more like an entre served at tgi fridays and I'm not exaggerating.  A heaving plate of mashed potatoes smothered in cheese and the steak almost made me sick.  Terrible presentation.  Most of the rating comes from the appetizer and atmosphere.  I will return to try another entre.
Recently celebrated a birthday on a Sunday afternoon with a party of 15. Service was a bit slow and rather unfriendly, even though the restaurant was not busy. We ordered a variety of small plates and entrees, most of which were excellent. The cheese tortellini and penne all'arrabbiatta were served as huge portions whose size couldn't make up for their plainness. The salmon with fragrant jasmin rice, however, was wonderful and the scallop with black rice exquisite, as was the pork tenderloin with mashed potato. Have also had brunch there: great!
We have been to Left Bank a couple of times for brunch and have enjoyed our meals but weren't overwhelmingly bowled over by them. We decided to try dinner and had a very pleasant experience. The ahi tartare appetizer is wonderful!! We agreed that we could eat that alone and leave satisfied. Our entrees were delicious - penne with steak au poivre and the filet mignon with mushroom ragu. The filet was a bit over sauced but the meat was perfectly cooked. While the acoustics are a bit loud, you adjust by leaning in and having a bit more of an intimate and flirtatious conversation. Nothing wrong with that! Good food and good company. Works for me!
Sublime. Tonight the service was slow but it only matched our pace. The food? Good. Both the salad and entre I had were soaked in dressing, but it was very tasty. The service was on and the ambiance perfect. I will return, and with my better half. Enjoy.
I love this place! The food is so good (though I can't eat most of it, being vegan with lots of food allergies!) and the drinks are AMAZING. Seriously. You have to go here. It's such a great date spot, too. The atmosphere is wonderful. The staff is lovely and accomodating. I love the way it's decorated. It's always a treat to go to Left Bank. Nothing bad to say about this place (except I wish there were more vegan gluten free options!).
Our first time here and it was really great. We had the baked banana pepper for an appetizer and it was delicious. It's different than most because it isn't stuffed. Asiago cheese is melted on top. I had the seafood pappardelle, it was awesome. My wife had the daily special ravioli. She said it was very good. It is truly amazing how large the ravioli is; she ate it for three different meals!  The staff was excellent and the atmosphere was nice. It's a smaller dining room and it was a touch noisy, but nothing too bad.  We can't wait to go back.
