Management is great, bartenders are great, servers, cooks, and the karaoke dude! Amazing experience if you embrace your inner song . We had the wings and drinks from the bar which were both yummy.
Did someone poison the rat? The number's disconnected.
Bar owner is an animal abuser!  As a neighbor, he called and had employees call animal control repeatedly with total untruthful reports.  Said dogs were sick, dying, not fed, abandoned; however, invited Seminole County Animal Control investigators inside anytime.  Their reports state dogs are very well taken care of, healthy, abundant food and water provided.   After that failed, adults were stolen leaving behind 3 purebred puppies???  3 weeks later, my son's 2 Maine Coon cats died on the same day - really?   Recovered mama dog at animal control - she was turned in after seen being tossed out of a tan pickup truck 4 days after being stolen.
I stopped in with some friends last night for the first time ever. Downtown Sanford in general was dead, so it was no surprise that we were the only ones in there. The interior is gorgeous, lots of hard wood, crown molding, gangster mug shots, glass bar back, very clean as well. The bar tender was super friendly and very knowledgeable of what she served. She had some house made drink combos that made my group smile. They had a huge selection of liquor, just about every flavor of Pinnacle you could ask for. Good choice for whiskey, bourbons, and even moonshine as well. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is because of their lack of beer. I am a beer and wine drinker, and the 3 options on draft just didn't cut it for me.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. My friend brought me here as she had been once before. What a really neat place. First of all the bartender, who I heard was the bar owner, is AMAZING. She really takes pride in this place and you can tell she wants people to love it just as much as she does. It reminds me of an older haunted place that you would see in maybe downtown Savannah or New Orleans. The inside is very clean and classy. It was not overly crowded which was nice. There is a very large drink selection and she has one of THE BEST cider's on tap that you can find. Angry Orchard is my fav but this beer blows that away!!!! She let us try some before we ordered it. We had already ordered our Angry Orchards so we got both the bottled beer and the new draft cider. This place is huge. There's a restaurant that is separate from the bar, then there is a middle part with a pool table and then the bar that we went to on the end. In all three rooms, for a lack of better terms, there is the same beautiful decor and classy feel. We really enjoyed ourselves here and I can't wait to bring my husband here with me next time. What would set this place over the top is to have some cool funky jazz band to come in and play on the weekends. I'd come and check them out for sure!!!
Fat Rats is great if you are looking for a small, friendly, local dive bar with stiff drinks and cool bartenders. Sharon is the main bartender and she works the whole place. Even though its mostly only her, you are never waiting for a drink. Its a very friendly atmosphere. There is a stripper pole in the corner, but the only music is from a juke box, so the place can get quiet at times. The juke box has a ton of music on it though so you can usually find something you like. They usually have great drink specials throughout the week too. Its not very crowded there, there are actually three huge rooms now, one with the bar, one with a bar and pool tables, and a new addition with a food counter. Food is pretty good bar food. Really good for late night as they are always open until two regardless of how busy it is.
Ok the inside is very well and nice.               They must have spent a fortune into this place. It's beautiful inside. That being said there are a few problems.       One major one is that the entertainment they had the night I went was so BAD, I really wanted to just end my life... in that bar .   I wish the pain I had to endure... to no one.  If there were ear abuse hotlines... I would call them.       Anyway fat rats please just hire some good talent and I'll go back. Thanks! And let me know when people actually show up as well. Lol
Well I've been here about a dozen times so I guess it's time to review it.  They obviously spent some serious jack on the interior of this bar.  It really is a beautiful space inside.  Outside...well it is Sanford Avenue and all that comes with that.  They have a very good liquor selection but I do wish they had a better line up of beer.  I think the limited beer offerings are a reflection of the clientele.  It's a place you never know who you're going to be sitting next to.  Once I was speaking with a large group of well heeled Winter Park lawyers I was acquainted with and the next time it's full of hood rats.  Now that's a pretty common problem in Sanford in general but here the variance is glaring.   I want to really be a fan but I generally only go back because of the lack of good liquor option bars in Sanford in general.  They don't really have a concept or business feel.  Little Fish, Huge Pond does much better with no liquor and no space because it has a "feel" an ambiance.  Fat Rat's always seems a little like it just opened that week.  It's very clean and the bartender is always friendly but it's just missing something.  Maybe it's because you can only smoke outside even though they don't serve food?  Maybe they should serve food.  I don't know.  I can't put my finger on it.  The place should be kicking.  It's the best interior I've seen in a while but that's all it is.
I've already called dibs on having my birthday celebration at this speak easy.  And yes, it's definetly on the MOB side of things. It's dark wood and tapestry ceiling along with the black and white tiled floor make this hole in the wall not so "hole in the wallish".  It's owned by the same people that own Jason's Martini Bar on Sanford Ave as well. So, no smoking, lovely bathrooms, great decor and friendly staff.  I like all those things...which makes me a fan! Plus...they make coffee drinks fresh there too...so even if you're not wanting a cocktail, you can still come and chill and have a good time.   Thursday nights they have kareoke and there's some good talent that gets up there, so if you wanna give it a go, then do it. I think this place could be very awesome if they just advertised it a bit more. It's a small sign outside...which I quess goes with the whole idea of it being known to the ones that know of it.  And now you know of it, so get out there and check it out. :D
This bar is sexy! The dark lacquered walls and the sleek bar...it's just a yummy place. The drinks are priced well, it isn't overly crowded, and the bartenders are quick with refills and very friendly. If you don't park near the bar and have to walk, you may be bothered by some local umm...less than friendly looking men with their pants around their ankles...but if you ignore them, they go away.  The juke box is stocked with good music, and I am more than happy with that. Most live music leaves much to be desired anyway... Great place to unwind with a good drink and good friends where you can hear your conversations and not die from smoke inhalation!
