Salamanders is a great location for any sports enthusiast. With so many big screen TVs and great food at great prices, its hard not to come back. The staff is very courteous and is always vigilant to even the littlest need you may have. The only downside...this place does not have beer on tap, strictly bottles.
Great food and service. Plenty of TVs to watch the games on. Everything is made fresh, even the salad dressings. My family tried the burgers, salmon and steak. All of them were great!  Like them and check-in on Facebook to get a free scoop of ice cream.
The good news: This is probably the best food in Winter Springs. The bad news: It can take a l-o-n-g time for your meal to arrive. It's not that the service is inattentive; it's that the kitchen is slow. Definitely check it out but you might be better off doing so during off hours.
Debby and I visited salamanders on a Tuesday. It just happened to be by 1 burger get 1 free and we thought we give it a shot. I like my burgers "well done" so I was expecting the usual dry Burger but I was very surprised when I got the juiciest burger I ever had in my life and it was well done! The staff was very professional the place was very clean a great place to hang out for a ball game with great food.  I would recommend Salamanders to any of my friends!- Cold Beer, Great Food and lots of giant flat screens!
Amazingly high quality food, terrific selection of bottled beers, family friendly. The owners wre very personable. Beer recommendations were spot on. Salmon very fresh. Rolls are delicious & obviously fresh. Onion rings crispy & fat without being greasy. Can't wait to return!
Awesome burger and decent wings. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Tried this place on a Friday night. Not busy but it took quite a while to get the food. They make fresh-cut fries, so maybe that's why. It's just ok, nothing really stood out and the food is pricey. I might eat here again, but not anytime soon. Also, they allow pets if you eat outside, who wants to smell dog poop while they eat? Yuck.
We came here for Wednesday night trivia and had a great time.  The guy doing the trivia was cool and not annoying like some of the other trivia events I have attended (Pretzels in Winter Springs---blarg!).  Salamanders is a cozy little place that is known for is mussels and wings.  I went with the salmon which came nicely seasoned in a generous portion, cooked perfectly!  A salad came with it which was (gasp!) real field greens (not craptastic iceburg lettuce), chopped peppers and tomatoes, shredded cheese and cucumbers....in other words a real salad!  The entree also comes with a side and I chose the mussels which were indeed quite good.  Since I checked in on Yelp they hooked me up with a free dessert which was vanilla ice cream with caramel and cinnamon toasted almonds.  YUM!  They were also hooking tables of trivia goers up with a free dessert to share.  Our server (I wish I got her name) was very attentive.   Salamanders seems to appreciate its customers and treats them well.   I enjoyed the food and the trivia and my group will definitely come back.
This place is horrible. They are unaccommodating and super slow. They literally turned business away in lieu of accommodating a large group. If you are in the area go next door to the Mexican restaurant... It is a much better choice.
came in for my 1st time this evening w/ my nephew to get a bite to eat... we weren't super hungry . so i had an order of wings , and my nephew had a burger and  fresh cut fries .burger and fries were great.... wings just ok? hot sauce isn't hot at all, and could of been cooked longer..very friendly  n helpful staff ,would like to come back and try some more menu items..... tuesday special sounds good...buy a burger get 1 free all day....huge beer selection..                                                                                                                                                                                                  just came back into town and went in for bogo burgers last Tuesday and burgers were subpar... not sure if they don't pay attention to detail on special burger day or not?????? a small detail like seasoning the burgers w/ a lil salt & pepper should be mandatory ....... still had good service but burgers coulda been better
Great food, great service. Ordered wings and they were some of the best I've recently had and at $0.50 a pop I had quite few. Wife ordered a margarita and unfortunately when it arrived we found out that the place doesn't sell liquor. So it was made with a wine spirit. But the waitress was extremely nice and apologize that she forgot to mention it before we ordered. Will definitely be coming back.
My brother just moved into a new home just a few blocks from Salamanders. We stumbled in after a long day of moving and we were HUNGRY. Our party of 6 was quickly greeted and seated by the friendly staff. My brother heard great things about their burgers from his new neighbors so it was burgers all the way around! Everyone ordered something different and to varying degrees of wellness. It wasn't long before dinner was on the table and it must have been good because their was silence among all of us. It was delicious! I foresee Salamander's being a regular spot for us when visiting Winter Spring! And be sure to check out their different specials during the week.
We were here a few days ago and were hoping for some good food but that never really happened. My wife ordered the veggie burger and it was more like a science experiment than a burger. It was grainy and lacking taste. The fries and chips we had came from oil that needed to be changed quickly. My burger was descent but nothing Burger King can't duplicate for half the price. Will not be returning, it's a shame since it had descent atmosphere and it's only half a mile from our house.
LOVE this place.  We've been twice so far.  The first night, my husband and I both ordered burgers (mine with no bun).  He had the fries while I had a side Caesar salad. The side caesar had WAY too much dressing on it for my tastes.  I almost always order dressing on the side but forgot to do so this time.  Lesson learned.  The burgers were ginormous and I couldn't even finish mine.  Very tasty too!   The second time we went on a Thursday for the live music.  The musician happened to be an old friend of my husband's so he wanted to see him and say hello.  You can get a bottle of wine for just $10, which is fabulous! So, we sat for a couple of hours, had some wine and enjoyed some live music and food.  The music was great...a little awkward with the placement since they had him set up under the tv screens...but there's not many other places, I guess. I ordered the chicken nachos this time, but didn't order the chicken dressed in any sauce because I (wrongly) assumed the nachos would have nacho cheese sauce and I thought it might taste weird mixed with a chicken wing sauce.  But, I regretted that because the nachos just had a little melted cheese on top so they ended up being kind of dry and bland.  Next time I'll     order a sauce on the chicken.   We will definitely go back. I'm looking forward to trying more items on the menu.
We've been 3 times~ all at dinner time. Service has been consistently friendly and the food is tasty. We've ordered everything from wings, to burgers, to salad, to their huge nacho plate. We've never left hungry! Our waitresses, however, didn't write down the order and 2 out of our 3 visits, they got something wrong. We love that this is a local family-owned, casual dining place so we will continue to patronize them from time to time. They are very local team sports-focused fans so that's another vote from us. I may not go out of my way to dine here but I'm always full when I leave. I give it a higher rating for being a family-run sports grill than I would for the food/ambiance....it's loud and good for groups & kids. It has its place and I hope they stick around since there are few other places like this nearby.
Wings + Over 65 Different Beers + 10 TVs = Awesome Game Days! Also the patio area is great... You can bring your dogs and it doesn't stink like poo.
Had a burger and fries. Excellent . Everything was fresh. Will definitely eat there again.
Heads Up: This restaurant is taken over by Giants fans during the football season :) I really, really like this place. It's pretty small in size but the helpful wait staff, the food choices, and the craft beer selections make up for it. As of right now, they don't have a liquor license but I'm not one for liquor so that's fine with me! So far I've had the muscles, the fish sandwich, and the chicken fingers... all were really done well and not too pricey. Don't miss out on the salamander sauce if you opt in for the chicken fingers, or even ask for it for your fries! They've got a lot of TVs and are pretty willing to change the smaller ones for you if you ask politely. Occasionally there is live music outside with plenty of patio seating, if that's your thing. I'll definitely be back. GO GIANTS :)
We had a great time here! Food is good and David and Penny are really committed to making sure you enjoy your night!
Ok, first off,  offering three basic salads with nothing special and  typical ingredients, does not make it special.  A salad with different toppings and various greens could be classified as appealing, but I question any other description.  Nothing stood out from the ingredients that makes it one of a kind, amazing, great, refreshing, gorgeous, beautiful or the like.   Typical greens,  tomatoes, peppers, cheese and throw on salmon, steak or chicken.  Those are your salad choices.  Second, the majority of the menu IS typical "fryer" bar food. Especially the chicken tenders, which after you're finished hacking away at the breading, you find some chicken.  But the taste isn't chicken, its more like eating a meaty french fry.  After my son had a few bites of his, he asked if he could go next door to another establishment for food.  he's eaten chicken tenders all over the east coast and most of his life, if he doesn't like them, i believe him.    The flat bread was disappointing.  I had the sprinter.  Lacking creativity, the chicken was dry.  The flat bread itself wasn't your normal crispy crust, as you would assume it should be.  Nothing stood out as I ate it.   I even remember wonder if maybe some sauce or something could be added to bring some flavor.  I didn't try them, but i was told the Mussels were great from a very reliable source.  Which is odd to me.  Not everyone can fix a decent mussel, but your generic flat bread or chicken tender is sub-par?   The beer menu is another typical selection.  I wonder when new places are going to see that Orlando has been moving towards real craft beers?  sure, offer your watery yellow beers, but how about a better selection of real craft beers.  if you can walk in a store like 7-11 to buy beer for your business, I feel you need to broaden your horizon a tad.  Visit some local brewers in florida.   Cigar City is one that comes to mind.  Shocktop, bluemoon and the like aren't craft beers, in my opinion. There are a few specialty items that are fine, but that list is lacking enough that "specialty" is hardly defined.   its a small place, which I like.  open floor plan, great.  The TV's are easily seen and large enough for big parties.  The two main tv's could  and should be positioned higher on the wall though.  if you're sitting at one of the tables directly in front of the two tv's (no idea why you would put a table in front of a tv that is mounted so low) , the people behind you trying to watch their favorite sports team can be quite upset, and rightfully so. For a large party, the service is confusing.  They can lose track of who they saw first, who wants what drinks or dishes, who to bring out checks for and  take extra time getting drinks.  the place is small, i don't understand the amount of time it takes.  maybe its from not having the process down fully? this place has potential, but needs a menu revamp and "on their toes" staff.  I hope they can pull it together, its close enough for me to visit for sporting events, just can't see the reason with the food and beer selection. Good luck
Brought in 8 people on a busy Saturday night, was seated immediately and the server was very attentive and efficient!  Our appetizers came out quickly and the drinks were always refilled.  The burgers are amazing!  I had the BBQ, Bacon, Cheddar Burger and it was cooked exactly the way I wanted and delicious!!  We'll all be back again soon!
Ok big plus: On Father's Day, they gave out free wings. Ten free wings doesn't sound like a lot, but with prices for wings nowadays, that's actually really good. It seems like they might have some good deals (BOGO burgers on Tuesdays, All You Can Eat wings on Mondays). Nothing really special on the menu to set them apart, but they have all the standards you'd expect. The prices are a bit steep. $10 for a burger. But that seems to be normal now. The fry basket had potential. There were a LOT of fries in it. It says it can satisfy two people, and it definitely has enough fries to do so. I had to add a bunch of salt to make them taste better, and they were a bit soggy, but overall not too bad. They were kind of like if the fries from Five Guys had a socially awkward younger brother. The burger was good. Weirdly the bun was actually the best part, as it had a buttery taste, but that not to say the burger was bad. I just really liked the bun. Only problem was I ordered my burger medium, and the edges definitely were, but the middle was practically rare. But yeah, overall the burger was still pretty good. Now those wings I was talking about- they were amazing. I was definitely impressed there. This place is a long way from my house so I'm not sure my wife and I will be adding it to the list of places we go regularly, but it will probably get thrown into the rotation here and there. Most probably on Monday's All You Can Eat wings.
Love this place. Great burgers which are buy one get one free on Tue.  Big fat juicy chicken wings. Good beer selection.
This place is great! I am from out of town and was visiting family for the holidays. It was a pleasure ( and a relief) to find a local restaurant that offers great burgers and great service.
I eat here several times a week and not because it I close to home. They always have fresh food and it is always good. Plenty of TV sets to watch and huge selection of beer. They hand cut steaks everyday and my salad is always great.  If you like burgers it would be hard to find a better one around these parts. The Basketball Manager with the fired egg is the best. Give it a try.
Greet wings but my favorite is their BLT.  They add avocado so if u don't like those be sure to get something else or order without. But the avocado makes it unique
The decor is very tasteful and kind of "upscale casual", if that makes sense.  From my seat I could see 4 or 5 different football games on the monitors. The noise level was energetic, but it was easy to have a conversation without yelling like some other places. The menu has a nice variety of items to choose from. It took us more than a few minutes to narrow down our choices. The onion rings were as good as any I've ever had and the dipping sauce that the chef created was pretty tasty. My wife had the D-Mander burger ($9). It's a custom built, half-pounder. It was cooked just right and the Angus beef has lots of flavor.  I had the Swimmer ($10). It's a toasted flat bread with salmon,onions, cheese and capers. It was very good and the capers gave it a subtle tanginess. The owners sat and talked with us for a few minutes.  As first-time restauranteurs they really seem to know what they're doing. The chicken wings and salamander bites have been very popular and I've heard good things about their desserts. We're looking forward to next time!
Salamanders is very cozy, fun and a friendly place. Salamanders might be a sports grill, but they are far from typical and run of the mill. No, their food is delicious and far from the food one is used to getting at a sports grill. A nice variety, something for everyone and their prices very reasonable.  The staff is wonderful!  We'll be frequenting this place a lot!!
