After 43 check-ins I think it's time to review and edit my past review because apparently I like this place for more reasons than a convenient lunch spot. With a updated menu and some long needed painting of the exterior deck I've come to realize this place is pretty darn good and can do other things beside building one of the best burgers in the area. They finally can provide some healthy alternatives to the awesome burgers with some great salads it's a tough decision to choose a salad over the burger but one has to do the right thing sometimes. I don't really care for the plastic plates and plastic silverware but it is what it is. The staff here is always friendly and most of the time attentive and that adds to the attraction along with the skydivers and airplanes and refreshing drinks. It's a nice break from the restaurant chains where you're  just a number I can see why they have the loyal local crowd every visit is like hanging out with friends good job guys don't change a thing besides the plastic :-)
Great food and right on the DeLand Airport.  Best burgers in the area.  Good location and easy to get to.  Service was quick at lunch time.   Lots of TV's.... Even outside.  Band stand for music in the evenings.  Overall a very good stop.   Also try the poppers.
If servers worked as hard as they drank on the job it would be amazing. Good food tho. Great burgers. Service so so and the waitress got everything backwards.
Sure,everyone says best burgers in town and that is spot on. What is also a little known  secret is they have the BEST steak specials on Monday night! You can't beat the price and the steaks are grilled perfectly!    Served with salad and green beans and potatoes it also includes dessert. I would have given 5 stars but the service can often be less than stellar. That will not keep us away though. If you can find this place you'll find a place to go to time and time again.
The full name of this restaurant is the Airport Restaurant and Gin Mill, located at the DeLand Municipal Airport.  The only cuisine you will find here are pretty good burgers, fries and other similar fried bar food.  Alcohol is served, as well. There is a large outdoor wooden deck with tables and bench seating from which you can watch the skydivers.  Inside there is a bar, pool table, and small dining tables.  It's all very casual and mostly a convenience for the pilots and skydivers -- but an okay place for the common folks to hang out on a nice day.
This is my first time in Florida, and my first bar in Florida, and I have to say its exactly like I pictured it.  It's great to get away from your usual crowd and come hang with such friendly people, in what I now consider a historic site after my visit.  I met a local, Tom who knew the history of the area and Florida in general.  As I am an admitted history nerd, this was quite the experience.  I was brought here around the back by a friend, and looking out the window I was not sure where it was we were headed.  There were skydivers descending onto an open field next door, so I was somewhat confused as to where I was being taken.  It turns out that this was a military air force base, a long, long time ago.  The location was an officers club.  I am former military and I didn't even recognize the layout because it was so old, but I knew there was something interesting about the place.  I could feel the history in  the ambiance.  The porch has a great authentic feel to it as you sit and sip your drink and watch the planes take off and land. Your Probably saying to yourself right about now, "That's awesome pal, what about the food"?  Well good news is on the way.  This is the second establishment I have been to this week that has bragged about their prowess at whipping up a specific item on the menu and has done nothing but deliver on that claim.   The Airport Restaurant refers to its burgers as number one, and that's exactly what they are.  At first I approached the burger with the arrogance of an east coast meat eater with years of experience.  After the first bite I was reduced to what must have  appeared to be a finger licking fool who had just had the first burger ever served to man. This burger was absolutely perfect, and a testament to the importance of fresh quality ingredients.  The bun was the most supple yet light weight bread I had ever experienced on a burger.  The cheese was melted thoroughly over the meat in perfect equilibrium.  The lettuce and tomato seemed to be the perfect fit, present, but not upstaging the burger with its size and instability.  The ground beef as I was later told comes in locally.  Served with a juicy pickle and potato chips.  This burger cannot be beat.  I searched in vain to try to identify a time in my life I have ever tasted such a burger.  Truly a unique taste, in a special place. The atmosphere inside is also a perfect fit, with live music and a cast of friendly faces.  There are not much staff on duty, but they work hard. For quality this good you can wait an extra minute or two.  Great place, the type I would live in if I lived in Florida!
One of DeLands best burgers. The jalapeño poppers are very good as well. Great deck to hang out and enjoy the night air with a burger.  Note does not take credit cards. ATM in the bar. They now take credit cards Woo Hoo!
Good burgers.  The place was definitely hard to find.  Worth the hunt.  Very cool local vibe.
Five Stars for the best hamburger in DeLand!
