My department recently had a team appreciation event at Wekiva Island. There was plenty for our large group to do, including fishing, kayaking and canoeing. Or if you prefer less active endeavors, you could lounge around in one of the cabanas (my chosen activity). After all that (in)activity, you're bound to get hungry and thirsty. Luckily, there's a bar and food truck on premise. They had a decent selection of beer and wine at great prices. Most of the draft beers available were only $3.50! Since you can't bring in your own alcohol, it was good to see they don't price gouge you on the beer. You are allowed to bring in your own food and non-alcoholic drinks. I saw many reviews stating the staff was rude, but we had nothing but pleasant interactions with the bar staff. Wekiva Island is a good alternative to the state park, which can reach capacity pretty quickly. Its a nice place to take a group and enjoy the great outdoors.
Weekiva Island is a GEM of Central Florida. It is a park, a bar, a restaurant, and private party place all in one. Located along the river, they have built a beautiful boardwalk and lined it with Adirondack chairs. Their bar sports a great selection of draft and bottled beers that will meet your budget and desires of your palette. They have good food from brisket, fish, burgers to pulled pork and a few vegetarian options. They also rent kayaks and canoes ($20-$30 each), or you can launch your own for very cheap ($6). this is my favorite place to drop in the water and you can come back and enjoy some food and a good beer. They have several cabanas along the water you can rent for private parties. A couple words of warning: 1)Treat this place as a bar / restaurant, not a park. You are not welcome to bring your own alcohol in here just as any other bar you would go to. 2) If it is hot out and a weekend, expect it to fill to capacity and you not being able to get into the parking lot. Get there early or plan to park at Publix and walk down.
If I could give negative 5 stars I would. Wekiva Island was to capacity so we went to the State Park, rented a canoe there, and paddled down to the island. We immediately ordered 2 beers from the bar. My buddy poured his beer into a plastic cup with a straw(he did this right next to the bar near employees). After sitting down he was approached by an employee and 2 law enforcement pricks. My buddy was told that he was too intoxicated and must leave. He had not spoken to anyone nor caused any disturbance at all.  We were in no way intoxicated. In fact, we were probably the most sober people there. What a joke this place is. I will never return as long as the current management is there. I will also tell everyone who mentions Wekiva Island to stay away. It takes a special kind of stupid to mess up an island bar in Florida, but the staff at Wekiva Island have met the challenge. Great job guys!
READ ME! This is one of my favorite places in the world! We enjoy going for lunch (food truck style) and relaxing by the water in the spring and fall when it's not crowded. It's a perfect day!!!! People bring dogs & kids and everyone is relaxed and having fun. We also enjoy going in the evening because it feels like hanging out in a friends backyard.   When the weather gets warmer the rowdies tend to show up and blow the relaxing vibe. That happens everywhere. The parking issues: People need to know and understand that some of the neighbors in the area have been trying to shut the place down as a nuisance for years. They can't let you line up on the street waiting for someone to leave. They can't give the neighbors legitimate reason to complain. Go early during the warm weather months and you won't have a problem. During cooler weather it's never an issue. As for reviews commenting about getting in trouble for outside drinks... Don't be an ass!!! Would you bring outside booze to any other bar???? This is how they make money!  There are plenty of other places you can go and bring your own drinks so do the rest of us a favor and go there.
This is a really nice hang out and drink with friends spot. There is beach volleyball, canoeing, kayaking, paddle boarding and a full bar right on the wekiva river.  Wekiva island is good for families but probably best for families with slightly older children since it can get a little rowdy.  Overall a nice place to hang on a warm day.
I love this place. To be prepared on a weekend, we knew we had to get there early to find a parking spot as well as chairs near the river to enjoy the day. Admission is $1.00 and a bucket of 5 beers was only $20 when we were there ( Memorial Day Weekend ) Note: what we did NOT know was that you can't bring in snacks. A rather large and intimidating "security guard" came over and told us that Sun Chips are not allowed on the property, and that he was going to stand there until we throw them away, and if we didn't, we would all be thrown out. This^^^ was a bit much and definitely ruined the mood for us, considering we did nothing wrong. Would I still go back? Without a doubt! There's no place like it! Would I bring snacks ? No, Not unless I want to get thrown out!
Extremely rude staff. Visited for my birthday with family and friends. We were hoping for a cabana with grill. It took a while to get anyones attention at the bar to even rent the cabana. Once rented, noone assisted with preparing the cabana. We uncovered furniture ourselves and put our own bag in the nearby garbage can. For the price, they could have included assistance with setup. Grills were disgusting. Don't even think about bringing your own adult beverage as security is tight. They have their own bar and strictly enforce buying there only. So strict that SOLO cups are enough to alert a park official that conducted a full search of our cabana with two cops in tow, despite there being children at our family function. Its not always clear what your guests are sipping on nor would I be on top of everyone and their drinks. Nonetheless, we were rudely told to leave after alcohol was sniffed in one guest's drink...something brought without my knowledge. When I could have been pulled to the side away from my guests and the situation deat with, instead I was humiliated by being publicly asked to leave. Very inappropriate, unprofessional. Very rude. And enough to keep me and my guest away from now on. Steer clear.
Place is a gem! They craft beer and wine on tap as well as a good bottled selection. There is also a permanent food truck that has all kinds of food including vegetarian and vegan options!  The river is lined with adirondack chairs and they have a handful of cabanas for rent. You can rent SUPs, kayaks and canoes.  They have a beach volleyball pit, cornhole. Place is usually busy dogs are welcome. Smoking is not allowed at the bar I heard the place burned down in past so they are stiff on that. Restrooms are clean. During week get in free think on weekends its a buck or two to get in. Place is fun. Bartenders are social. Food is good.
NO THANKS!!!! I used to really enjoy coming here, until last week. A group of us , roughly 20 came to have a fun day , drinks , and volleyball. I had a tab at the bar , obeyed the rules ( didn't  bring in my own drinks) and had a nice day up until around 5.  A women, not sure if she is the owner, bartender , whatever came by our group and apparently she noticed that someone had a certain beer that she didn't carry. She also failed to notice the large amount of empty beer that she does carry. Well instead of asking who's it was she said the whole group had to leave.  Great business sense.  She also berated my friends who brought there 3 month year old baby , because they had a cooler with the baby formula in it. She wasn't having it. So like how the rest of the day went , The Seminole police where there again. And guess what? You get trespassed!!! That's right! If you have a verbal disagreement with this women you can't come back for life!! She trespassed me , and my friends who brought their baby. All of us had spent our hard earned money there. Shame on her. Bottom line, if you want to have eyes on you all day and the cops constantly called, come to Wekiva Island!!!!! Oh yeah, learn all the drinks they serve there, because if someone is drinking something they don't carry and you're with in 2 ft of them, you get thrown out!!!! Even if you don't know them! WEKIVA ISLAND=FAIL.
Very rude staff. The "marina" used to be a nice friendly place to rent a canoe. If you're lucky enough to get someone's attention for some help, don't expect be treated like a customer...but more like someone getting in the way of whatever they were doing, or not doing at the time. The "guard" at the entrance searches all your stuff for everything from beer, snacks, and Styrofoam coolers and behaves like your trying to sneak a weapon into a prison or something. What a shame!
Trashy and dangerous; between the very rude and unprofessional staff, the unclean grounds, and the broken glass that we found on the volleyball court  I will never go back to this place and don't really know why I did in the first place.
We had our company picnic here. I had me some low expectations as I don't generally care for water related activities outside of pools. I was pleasantly surprised. I even dangled my feet in the waters edge until there was rumors of a gator near by and then I was out and over at the bar. There is a lot to do there for those of you who like outdoor activities such as canoeing, kayaking and beach volleyball. Good tips: No outside alcohol, outside food okay! If you bring your own speakers, maybe keep them to a boombox size (we had about 18" speakers and got told to turn it down...often) If it's muddy, don't park in the first lot on the right. Try for the black top lot to the left (a couple people got stuck)
I can't believe how rude the parking attendant is! I haven't been treated so poorly in a very long time! However, judging by other reviews, management doesn't appear to care, so it isn't worth my time or effort making a formal complaint. :( What a disappointment!
Love this place!!!The new bar is awesome and the draft beer selection was fantastic. Sam Adams, Fat Tire, Sweetwater, etc. All of the staff was friendly and the food was really good. We will definitely be back this summer.
Wekiva Island is a fine destination for outdoor fun in Orlando! Whether you're looking to peacefully soak up the nature or throw down redneck party style, Wekiva's got you covered. The first time I went I was looking for the former. A friend and I packed up a cooler with beers, wine, and some snacks and set out for an all-day canoe and picture-taking adventure. We brought our own canoe and put in at the little camp several miles down from the island. We wound down the lily-pad-lined river and saw tons of turtles, gators, and exotic looking birds, not to mention miles of old Florida plant life. We ended up at the island and discovered that it was, indeed, party time. Cornhole, tunes, and cabanas greeted us along with about 75-100 partying patrons. There's a full bar on site as well as some food options. We happily hopped out and joined the party for the rest of our time before heading back with the canoe. This past weekend I had a different Wekiva experience. A group of us headed straight to the island on Saturday morning to set up shop and celebrate two friends' birthdays. We brought some chips and dip and river floaties and some cash to buy drinks from the bar with plans to hang out all day and enjoy the party. We tried to rent a cabana the week before but they were already all filled up. One of the cabanas in particular looked like the bomb.com with cozy couches and a huge grill set-up. It would have been awesome to lock that one down, but we still made the best of it just hanging out on the dock, swimming, people watching, and playing some tunes from our JamBox portable music player. Both of my experiences at Wekiva have been good times, and I'd gladly go back to canoe, party, or both! Not to mention the $1 entrance fee is pretty affordable :)
Very rude and unprofessional staff. Admissions was at capacity and instead of letting us wait in line, the parking lot attendent/manager threatened to call the cops on us! It was shocking. Worst customer service I have experienced in a long time.
Wekiva Island is a great local spot to just relax, drink, and hang out with friends. It offers patrons the option to sit out by the Wekiva Springs River or out by the bar area. On a nice night out the cool breeze goes by the river so it always feels great. They have a sand volleyball pit and also couple corn hole platforms. The bar is great and offers quite a bit of selection. Service has always been excellent and the view is always great being able to sit out by the river. They also have canopys that are for rent and is great for a group get together! They offer grills as well as a decently sized field for the kids or adults to run around! The bar also offers access to canoe/kayak rentals and either can be used to raft upstream to the Springs. The only negative I have about Wekiva Island is the fact that on a busy day they will literaly turn away patrons due to being at maximum capacity. For those who want to come during a major holiday to set up you WILL need to get here at the break of dawn or reserve a canopy.
Absolutely love this place. Very relaxing and fun environment. Great food. I don't drink so couldn't tell you about the bar but its there. Great place to bring the family and *well behaved* dog :)
Wekiva Island = Effing awesome. No, seriously! I saw this little place a few years ago while I was canoeing up Wekiva and I thought "what a freaking dump!" But some new owners have come in and re-vamped this place! They have a bar with some seriously good beer, buckets are pretty cheap. There's tons of corn-hole to play, canoes and kayaks are right there to rent, the river is easy to dip in and out of and there are tends with TV's for football and live music! Seriously - can you think of anything better?! I can't. Especially in the fall season in Florida when it's cool and sunny - this place ROCKS. If you're looking for something affordable to do on a weekend, check out Wekiva Island. It's a damn good time just waitin' to happen! Consider yourself warned tho - The nearby McMansion owners are trying to get it shut down. So enjoy it while you can people!
I fully intend to write an updated review if I ever go out here with the goal of renting a cabana or something, because I haven't done that yet.  For now, I can't speak to that part of the "experience". I used to come here back in the day (before this place turned into what it is now) to put our kayaks in the water and paddle out to Wekiva Springs and go up the Rock Springs Run to King's Island.  Guess how much I have to pay to put my own two kayaks in the water now? $12. I'm not renting anything, I'm just plopping two kayaks in the water and leaving.  Of course, in order to give them my money for nothing, I have to fight my way through the throngs of people at the bar and find someone willing to help me. If you have your own kayaks, go to the main Wekiva Springs entrance and pay $6 total to get your car in with however many kayaks you can carry.  You'll have to portage a short distance, but that's a small price to pay to 1) save money and 2) have your money go to the Wekiva Springs park instead of the private owners of Wekiva Island. Undoubtedly, this place has its following, and to each their own. I just want access to the water, but I'm not paying $12 to get it, and then run the risk of some drunk in a giant raised pickup hitting me on the way out.
I headed over to Wekiva Island on Saturday to do some kayaking. I knew the weather was going to be a bit crappy, but it didn't really rain on my parade... no pun intended. It poured as soon as we got there, but what's a little water when you're going to get wet anyways? Right?! I rented a tandem kayak and it was only $30. Once you get to the dock, they're very friendly and helpful. They load you into the kayak and push you into the water. Your misfortunes, from that point on, are all on you. There were a lot of people out on the water that day, despite the not-so-great weather. It seems that a lot of kayak/canoe noobs head out to Wekiva, but if you can steer like me, then you should be good because the canals aren't that narrow. The scenery out by the river and surrounding areas are really nice. There are some interesting birds out on the water. My bf and I decided to take the route that led to the spring. It wasn't too long and too hard to maneuver.  It opened up into a large open area before you had to get off your kayak and do a very short walk over to the spring (you can't bring your kayaks/canoes over to the spring so there's a tiny dock). There were also a lot of people in the spring and the water was cold, but it was really nice to relax a bit before heading back to the main dock on the island. All in all, my experience at Wekiva was great. Great music, great atmosphere, great crowd. Seems like a fun place to bring a bunch of friends, but it was also a great day date destination. I def want to come back.
I just discovered Wekiva Island while looking for a place to launch my kayak in Wekiva Springs.  This is the old Wekiva Marina with a whole new look and feel!  The new owners have turned this place into an oasis not to be missed.  It had been years since I dropped my kayak in here and it used to be a real dump....not anymore! Wekiva Island has villas to rent for the day including comfy furniture, ice chests, and of course beer and wine.  There is a larger covered area with a pool table, foosball table, and more.  They also have a great bar!  Beer and wine on tap.  Yup, they have a tap system for there wine too.   It's obvious the owners have a real eye for design, this place looks sharp and is tons of fun.  Live music was on the agenda for after 6 pm on the day I was there.
Once of my fav places in central FL. The new bar, upgraded beer selection, and unbeatable view make this a must visit. Bring some bug spray if you plan to sit by the river. Rent a canoe if you are feeling adventurous and take a left to head towards Wekiwa State Park for some swimming in the fresh water spring.
Wekiva Island, you SUCK!  I was totally disappointed.  Seating was limited, they allow dogs but don't require owners to pick up after them (GROSS!), and their canoe rentals are pricey compared to other places ($25). Do not expect to bring any adult beverages in, as they search purses, coolers, beach bags & even water bottles hardcore.  They have a bar inside, but it's not enough to make this spot enjoyable.   My advice? -- Venture elsewhere.
Like most things in life, it's great fun until the cops show up. Sadly, before that I had collected mostly positive notes: $1 entrance fee - cheap! Crowded, but they do enforce a capacity limit so it wasn't like you couldn't breathe or anything. Cabanas are nice, with surprisingly good quality furnishings, and also, a nice grill - of course, the cabana comes with a price attached, but split with a few people it isn't terrible. Dog friendly, and my dog had no difficulties with any other people/animals. Clean-ish restrooms and, I think, enough of them.  Beer was a reasonable price (less than $3/beer in a bucket, I think.) No mosquitoes, when I was expecting a swarm of them. Fun crowd in attendance. What sucked? That zero-tolerance alcohol policy is apparently legit - so legit that the suspicious-looking cup my friend sat down in front of an employee when she went to the bathroom was enough to incite someone to search our entire cabana, with two cops in tow. They found nothing, but I find it difficult to be in a good mood when I know Big Brother is watching. If I went back I would probably be overly paranoid about not acting shady, and that's annoying. I suppose it's time for me to make friends with someone who has a lake house (currently accepting applications :))
What a great little place to hang out on a weekend. There is a bar, volleyball area, tons of seating, picnic tables, an area that sells burgers and hot dogs, as well as cabanas you can rent. We went here because it is one of the few places on Wekiva river that you can rent a canoe and have your dog with you. ( If you have a hyper dog I do not suggest putting him in a canoe unless you want to tip over). Prices for the rental were pretty steep but the $2 coronas were a pretty good price. My only complaint is that they say your dog has to be on a leash but there were about 15 dogs there and none were. It started looking like a dog park at the end of the day which wasn't a good thing since no one was paying attention to there pets. I would have liked to see a little more control with that many people there. We will definitely be back over summer to hang out and soak in the sun.
Wekiva Island is happening! Pony up the $1 entry fee and prepare yourself for anything. Canoeing, swimming, drinking, eating, sun basking and maybe some good convo with the local co-eds. There are now cabana huts you can rent out for the day, with plenty of shade, comfortable couches, chairs, table tops and nice grills. Bring out a bunch of food and go at it. Or you can order hot food from the pavilion---burgers, sandwiches, etc. (It's better to bring your own food--save $$.) The covered bar is well stocked with beer and TV's, and the bathrooms are pretty damn clean too. A delightful girl, whose name I may never know, was our server. She made frequent stops at our cabana to bring us drinks and ask if we needed anything. I felt like we were at a resort, maybe even Club Med! The water is crisp, and clean. The river is very scenic. You will hear gators, but you may not see one. Turtles and Florida birds will come out and say hi. Not sure about water mocassins! The current isn't terribly strong, so if you're a wimp then prepare to canoe your puny arms off. If you're tough, you can canoe down to Wekiva Springs and do a legit check-in on Yelp.
Check my cooler before I come in, AND random checks while at the cabana? F-you Wekiva Island I'm not in high school anymore and I'm never coming back. Want me to utilize your bar? make it worthwhile,   Oh and the under 18 girl that was serving us alcohol? Guess what? that is ILLEGAL and you will be reported on monday morning!
Wekiva Island is one of my favorite places to rent a canoe and go for a ride on the river, there prices are cheap and one flat rate unlike at the rest of the parks they are not here to take your money and then charge you late fees plus there rates are much cheaper then the ones are the other parks. They also have food in the premises and drinks and sometimes even have events going on during the weekend, this is a great secret gem hidden from many. I do not know why any one would rate it one star t his place beats the parks but events,food,beer and cheap prices for canoes plus you can go up and down the river and even in to Wekiva with out worrying you are going over your time. Great place definitely worth the place to hang out and they even have Cabanas and have fixed this place up since the first time I went there.
Best little secret in Apopka. Wekiva Island is an amazing place to spent the day. If you want to have some fun in the sun with some drinks, some Friends, and plenty of activities, than this is the place to be. I've gone there just to screw off for a few hours, and also to go canoeing aroung Wekiva. You can rent a cabana hut, plan a party, go swimming, play volleyball, corn-hole, kayaking, canoeing, eat, drink, and be merry. Can't think of a better place to spend some fun time in apopka. Please big brother, don't rezone them or shut them down. This action would make me angry.
Had awesome weather two weekends ago to go and check this place out. Very affordable for the half day we had to spend there, and yes we'll be going back.  Paddling upstream toward something you never arrive at, such as life and the right fork while paddling up the river. I went solely on the reviews posted by fellow Yelpers, as usual you were right.  The best thing about this place is that everyone looked like they weren't thinking about all of the global crap going on in the world, and just living (and playing) in the now.  Nice. The fun/cost ratio is definitely slanted in the direction of Wekiva Island, just go and see for yourself - and support some local folks trying to make something great(er) for us here in Central FL. The local constabularies are there to make you safe and are walking the parking lot making sure no shennanigans going on while you of having fun.  Lots of dogs, so pet friendly gets a big check-mark from me as something that is rare and welcome at a venue like this. And being a geek, their website is well done and thought out. wekivaisland.com
I like this place a lot, though I mostly go just to hang out on the deck alongside the river and to go canoeing. I've never eaten here, nor have I brought a dog (I don't have one) or done some of the other activities (volleyball, etc.) permitted here. There recently (late last month) was a hearing regarding the possible rezoning of Wekiva Island, though I'm unsure how it turned out. The establishment is in the proximity of Sweetwater and many upper-class neighborhoods, and I've heard rumors that many residents aren't exactly fond of all of the traffic, drinking, noise and so on that goes on this close to their neighborhood(s). During a few visits to Wekiva Island, I've noticed some signs up behind the bar that state some of its equipment - in particular, electronic devices (including TVs) - has been stolen after operating hours. So, it seems that nearby residents aren't taking too kindly to the fact that Wekiva Island is, in a way, inviting crime/burglary into the area since, as far as I can tell, the establishment is unguarded after hours. I don't know ... just rumors ... though they're interesting. Anyway, the customers at Wekiva Island keep coming back, and they're not likely to stray anytime soon. During summer weekend afternoons, this place is BUSY. There's a parking a lot very close to the bar area, and once that fills up then a seemingly endless amount of cars fill up a grassy parking area. To me, it's a good crowd - everyone I've interacted with here has been friendly, and that includes the employees and customers. I've seen a lot of adults with their children here, so there's not a lot going on here (as far as I know) that could be classified as questionable behavior. Parents feel that their kids are safe here, though it doesn't hurt that Wekiva Island is outdoors, has plenty of space to play games/relax, has food and is near water. I go canoeing only a handful of times/year (and it's always here at Wekiva Island), so I'm not really sure what constitutes fair pricing as far as that goes. However, when I've rented a canoe here, I've never felt like I was overpaying or anything. Prices seemed pretty reasonable, especially if you make a day out of it. Usually after 2-3 hours of canoeing, I'm done (and am ready to head back to the bar area, as is anyone I'm with), but I feel like I get my money's worth. The bar is, I believe, beer/wine only. I'm not even sure about the wine part. The draft beers, I remember, are priced reasonably. The last time I was here, I had a few Twisted Teas ... except they weren't in bottles, like you're likely to see just about anywhere you go. These were in tall cans (like the size of a tall PBR)! I was pleasantly surprised. Never seen those before. Seen a couple of strange-looking animals roaming around during a few visits, too - one looked like a mix between a dog and a fox or something. I think it was someone's pet, maybe? Don't know. Anyway, none of the customers were bothered by it, nor was I, so it's a non-issue, really. I highly recommend stopping by here during summer months as it's a great place to hang out and relax, whether that's at the bar or in some chairs on the deck. As I mentioned, it can get pretty crowded, particularly on nice days. Actually, it's crowded even on weekdays - I've been here on some weekday afternoons the past few years, and there have been a considerable amount of customers - definitely more than I'd expect for a run-of-the-mill weekday afternoon. As you're pulling into the entrance (before you reach the parking lot), look for the big gopher tortoise hole on the left just as you're turning right to enter the premises. Sometimes the tortoise is there; often times not, but you might catch a glimpse if you're lucky. I've seen it maybe 2 times. Lots of other wildlife can be seen if you decide to go canoeing; it's been ages since I've seen any alligators, though. (Used to come canoeing here in the 90s/00s and saw many, though they were always small and sleeping/sunbathing on shore or logs/etc.) Of course, they're still in there somewhere ... big ones, too. Last time I was canoeing here, my friend and I passed a canoe with 2 girls who said they'd just seen one maybe 12-14 feet. Could be!
Went to a company event here in a VIP cabana and really enjoyed having access to canoes. Super fun and relaxing! It really was a fun time and staff would often check in with us and ask if we needed anything. The cabana had really comfy chairs/couches, a nice grill and a fire pit. Awesome. You can bring your dog if you'd like. There are mostly pitbulls and labs out and about here. People even take their dogs out in the canoes. :)
I have always wanted to try Wekiva and after talking it over with Ashley we decided to go on saturday, Aug. 20th.  We needed to get out there before the rush because the double kayaks rent out first, and we didn't want a canoe.   Only about 20-25 mins from the house is a plus for me!  I can't believe it has been this close the entire time! We arrive in the morning I believe between 10-10:30.  Pay our dollar for a "donation", aka to get in.  Walk over to the rentals and pay the 35 for the double kayak.  Not bad in my mind. I've been to Ocala for kayaking and it wasn't this nice, so I didn't mind. Looking around you can see this is a happening spot.  You have a full bar, i think .  I wasn't to fixated on the alcohol, but I could see wine and beer.  Grills, cabanas, lounge areas with chairs, a decent dock, cornhole and nice grassy area for just about anything you can think up for socializing.  Cool! We get our kayak, they push us off and we decide to head towards the spring, against the current.  While paddling I notice you can see straight to the bottom.  Fish, plant life and the like are easily visible.  Very nice!  It was hot out but some shade provided a little cover as we paddled up stream. We arrive at the spring and its happening but not crowded.  Thats a plus.  We dock our kayak, walk around and slowly lower ourselves in the chilly water.  it was cold at first but refreshing in the sun.  Ashley takes me over the source of the spring and explains the depth, current etc.. The water so clean and clear.  I didnt' bring my snorkel or goggles, which I promised the next time I certainly would. We hop back in the kayak, head back down stream, then decided to stop for a couple drinks.  HA, couple hours later and many drinks down we decide we'd had enough.  Plus, we had a date at a new sushi place.   Its a great atmosphere for socializing and enjoying the water without traveling to the beach.  I can't wait to go back!
This is a cool place to hang out, rent a canoe, hang out at the bar, play beach volleyball, etc.  If ou are having a special event like a group outing or birthdya party, you can rent the cabanas which have plush seating, grills, and coolers filled with bottled water. They have a relatively good selection of beer & wine -- better than you'd expect at a place like this.  They have Drifter Pale Ale and Southern Tier Pumpking on tap right now, so I was pretty surprised! They restrooms are awesome. Again, much nicer than you'd expect.  They're clean and very aesthetically pleasing!  This is definitely a good place to go if you want a beach-like hangout without driving all the way to the beach.
Wekiva Island is a great little place, it's really come a long way! It used to be little more than a boat ramp, but now they have a bar, some fancy cabanas, canoe rental, and even some artsy stuff scattered around. They host a lot of events - sometimes live music, and they also have an art festival. It's become a pretty popular place to play volleyball and drink - they have a fine selection of beers on tap, and sometimes they make their own boiled peanuts too. You can go for a dip in the water, grab a beer, or just sit on the lounge chairs in the sun and watch tipsy people tip their canoes.
I have frequented Wekiva for the past 15 years. It has changed a lot over this time. Some good, some bad. After my last visit I won't return. They are now charging $1 to get in...it's a little petty. I'm not too sure what they are trying to create, but usually nightclubs, and theme parks charge admissions, and Wekiva Island is neither. The Staff use to be very personable and friendly, now they are unprofessional, and condescending in general.  It's no longer a good relaxing experience at Wekiva Island. Will use Kings Island or Rock Springs from now on. :)
Great place to launch  my paddleboard and to have some refreshments and food after. too many people to my liking on the island itself but looks like they all are usually having fun. great place to take your furry friends too
Beautiful place, wonderful people, and great food.  We had a wonderful time with friends, will definitely go back again.
I've been here to rent kayaks and have been okay with it in the past, but at some point they instituted a $1-$2 entrance fee (depending on when you go). I asked the person collecting money if they were still renting kayaks at 5pm and he said yes, as did the man next to him. When I got up to the rental spot I was told they had stopped renting kayaks a half hour prior. As I left the money collection table was being packed up, and I asked the employee I had previously spoken too if I could have my money back since they had stopped renting kayaks, to which I was told, "Sorry, that's not my problem," while he quickly walked away. I don't care about the money, but the rudeness gives it a one star rating. I won't be going back here if I can help it; the teenagers they're hiring are not helping its image.
So I went to Wekiva Island on a random Sunday as a change of scenery, and left already planning the next time to go back. It has everything you need for a Sunday Funday in the sun. It's right along the Wekiva so you can jump in and swim. Kayaks and Canoes for rent for good prices. It also has a beachy type atmosphere, just without the ocean. They have a bar right there by the water, TVs, a good sand volleyball court, flip cup tables, pool table, corn hole, and cabanas with couches in them to grill out in or for your family, all right along the river. Those you may need to rent, I'm not sure. It is definitely a cool, chill place to go with a group of your friends and hang out for the day. It was like being at a tiki bar resort. They also had live acoustic music. Parking was free. You can bring in food and drink except alcohol. That you need top get at the bar. Check it out for yourselves sometime.
This place is THE alternative to going to the beach.  $20 canoe rentals for the entire day, they have several different types of beer on tap in addition to a bottled selection.  They even have a football, Frisbee and volleyball available to borrow if you forgot yours at home.  I have even seen people out there with their dogs (even in the canoes).  The staff is friendly and the vibe is just overall laid back.  On any given day you can find people snorkeling the springs, laying out tanning or kicked back on one of the deck chairs drinking a cold one and taking the scenery all in.  No complaints here.  Fair prices, friendly staff and a no worries type atmosphere make for a great day out with friends.
Such a nice fun place to relax and hang out with friends and family.  I always enjoy sitting in one of the chairs by the water, but there's more active things to do, too! From sand volleyball, to canoeing and kayaking, and even paddle boarding, as well as corn hole, there's plenty to do for everyone! On colder days/nights, there's heated lamps and a covered fire to sit around.  The bar has plenty of options, mostly beer, but some wine and mixers like Smirnoff ices.   The service is great! The food truck opposite the bar also has plenty of options.  I got the wings basket and thought they were good, and a good amount of food for the price.  Dog friendly too!! If you go with a big group, there are cabanas for rent!
This review is purely based on a paddle-by look at the place.  My friend started at Wekiva Springs State Park with a canoe and came by this little gem downstream.  I am a fan of what I saw!  It looked like a little retro beach party on the edge of the water.  Dogs were racing for frisbees in the water, everyone was grilling and drinking, lots of fun music playing... I'll have to check this place out for real sometime!  I will update my review to be a little more thorough once I experience the real deal, but I liked what I saw as I slowly meandered past.
tHIS PLACE HAS BLOWN  UP. BEEN GOING FOR FIVE YEARS AS A CANOE/KAYAK LOADING ZONE.  IN THE LAST TWO YEARS, new owners have dumped big bucks to make this the "premier Apopka" cabana water area. Big party, live musics, hundreds of bikinis.  Nice selection of drafts for a river bar.  Lots of 20 and 30 somethings having a good time with the sunshine.  Keep your kids back for this one though, unless you are just using it for a docking station. Lots of sheriffs trying to keep things in check, but this place is a little on the wild side.  Several arrests each weekend, as well as local home owners up in arms.  Probably one injury or lawsuit away from extinction, so if this is your scene, DO IT NOW!
*Im a total fan, I love this place, I always have to bring my out of town guests here for a day in the sun and fun in the river. Its always fun to get a cabana and enjoy the afternoon listening to a band while sipping your favorite brew, or you can hop in a canoe and head down river for a few hours, exploring some of Florida's untouched waterways. Its always beautiful on the wekiva river. I think its a little expensive to rent a canoe for a full day but if you go after 3pm you can rent a canoe for half price and head down the river till it gets dark and then come back to the dockside river tiki bar and enjoy some drinks with friends as you watch the sunset and listen to the frogs and crickets. Its so beautufl
Love what the Owners ( Bill and Mary ) have done with the place. I have been canoeing the Weikiva since I was a kid, and never have I seen it so alive with people. They put alot of time, money, and clean up into making the Marina a place for Locals to kick back , have some drinks, and make some memories. All along the beautiful Weikiva River Bank. They rent Cabanna's, Canoe's, and Kayak's, and sell amazing BBQ on the weekends ....one of Florida's little hidden treasures.
I have never been on a Canoe so when I went to see my Niece in Orlando she and her boyfriend bought me here for Adventure that I was seeking.  I had the best time and would love to go again!!  This place is Nature at its best and it made me feel so good to be in a beautiful place like this.  We also went to grab lunch and beer and we had a wonderful time met the locals that venture there. Missing Florida.  Was there on Sunday March 25th 2012
One of my all time favorite hangouts. Relax by the river & enjoy a drink with live music & games. The tented area is big enough for parties, weddings, etc. The only downside is food - they have to bring in food from off-site so its only at night. This place is an establishment & a must-see for outdoorsy boozers :-)
Great environment , nice ambient, good music, and cool beer! They rent kayaks too over there....
This was a unplanned surprise after renting kayaks from the state park and wandering into this place.  I liked the relaxed environment and low key bar.
