I've heard a lot of about this store and I'm glad I finally got to go see what the hype was all about. Lots of colorful dresses, tops, and well everything. Haha. If you're trying to find some items from the online website here, it may or may not be there. So just don't have an expectation that it will be. But they do have a great variety of everything, although some of the clothing looks too small for my liking meaning short!! Probably could just be my height that makes things appear and look small, but I can't be walking around with my booty about to show to the world.lol . The material of the clothing is really good, so the price you pay will be totally worth it. The employees are really nice and sign up for their rewards program, don't worry it's free :)
An adorable boutique where you can get a hot dress that no one else will be wearing. The store has high end styles at decent prices and ranges from juniors clothing to more sophisticated evening wear and even some career wear. You can get your whole outfit here, from shoes to bags to accessories. If you're in downtown Lake Mary, also stop by Tria and 4th & Ocean, all owned by the same people, all with fabulous clothes with a slightly different feel. TIP: If you see something you like, get it now. The turnaround in here is FAST! Follow Sophie & Trey on instagram to see the latest items in the store plus styling and sales info.
Very trendy and stylish boutique in Lake Mary. Finally stopped in today after having this bookmarked forever because I was in need a stylish, NYE outfit. Success. Walked in and was overwhelmed with how stocked the store was. Usually boutiques don't have much inventory and there was a wide array of colors and styles. Of course there were not multiples of many sizes and I only saw things go up to Large (which after looking at their site looks like it's the highest they go) but with a large variety it wasn't as off putting. However, since the dresses only went up to large, I stuck with the skirts and tops, I am not one for skin tight dresses for the time being. The staff also said that they get new things daily so each week there will be new items on the floor. I scored an awesome skirt, button up sleeveless top, a ring and a bracelet all for under $100. The jewelry and accessories are awesome! I wanted a ton of bracelets but I had to control myself. I also didn't allow myself to look at shoes closely but they all looked pretty awesome from afar. It's a bit of a drive from DT Orlando but def worth it, you will find something, if not tons of things, you will want. The staff is younger but they were very nice. Can't wait to go back, I will try to stop in at least once a month for new goodies!
I've been following Sophie and Trey on Instagram/Facebook for months now, each day they post a plethora of amazingly cute outfits that finally drew me in to the store front for the first time one day after work ( about 3:30pm ) ...... Sadly, I was SUPER disappointed .. Everything I'd seen online wasn't anywhere to be found In store, and sizes were Extremely picked over!!   I'm not saying it'll be my last time there, but I won't get my hopes up of seeing what I want in store..
Color me impressed with Sophie and Trey's impeccable customer care and customer service! For that reason alone, I would recommend this boutique (and their additional sister stores) to all of my friends - but they have it all. Their clothing is absolutely adorable, store associates are incredibly polite and helpful, clothing is up to trend, not to mention it's all reasonably priced. You never know how great a store, or company for that matter, is until you experience how they handle an "issue." Let me just say that my issue was a rarity and it seemed to be all hands on deck. I've never been treated so well by any company before - and I experienced this delightful service at each touch point. They truly went above and beyond and created a great customer experience. I would shop there every day if I could. :)
Awesome clothes, the sweetest jewelry and a very nice, helpful staff! Absolutely LOVE shopping here
Adorable store in a quaint park setting. Lots of other shops around too. This store is a unique boutique with reasonable prices. The staff is extremely helpful. A must shop if you're in the area.
I have been shipping and Sophie and trey and their sister stores, 4th and tria, for about 2 years now after being referred by a random girl downtown Orlando. I love unique clothes and pieces one may not find at the mall, but typically boutiques are WAY over priced. Well, ladies, this is your exception. Not only is everything affordable, you will RARELY see things purchased at these 3 stores anywhere else and the inventory changes all the time, so you're guaranteed to see new merch every visit! I always know I can go  to my favorite set of stores for any occasion! New years, weddings, nights out, dates, work or just a little retail therapy, Sophie and Trey never disappoints! I have sent so many friends, coworkers and clients almost every time I visit my favorite associate/stylist tells me she helped someone I sent. That brings me to their customer service. Rachel and the other girls at the stores are all great. I usually have Rachel help me because she knows the inventory, constantly makes sure I'm doing well while trying on clothes, and has gone above and beyond to learn my sense of style and body type and finds things that I will like and will look good on me. I have never written a review on an online outlet, but feel so strongly about Sophie and Trey, thie sister stores and the amazing things they do for us fashionistas on a budget I had to share :) happy shopping!!
I love Sophie and Trey!  It's a pretty small boutique, but it has so much charm and the associates are always nice to me. They have super cute, chic, trendy and unique clothes and accesories.  Most of the dresses cost under $60 and the jewelry is very inexpensive. Like I said earlier...it's unique! You're not gonna go to a party and have the same dress as someone else.  They always have different designers and they follow the trends to the T!  I find something every time I go. It's also a great place to get gifts for ladies. They have a great array of accesories so you can't go wrong. :D I do wish that there were more small sizes. They go quickly so make sure if you like something and it's in your size...BUY IT!!! It probably won't be there the next time you go. They have new product all the time. Which keeps me and my girls coming back! haha! so yeah, ladies...get your fashion on and make a statement with some very reasonably priced goodies :D
I wasn't too impressed with this store. I thought it was more of an over priced forever 21. The customer service was lacking as well, I was never greeted, I was never offered help, and no one seemed to notice when I was walking out.
Cute, trendy clothes. Great dresses and tops. I love going in there, yet I have never actually bought anything. I can't seem to find anything that fits right but I still give it 4 stars. The clothes are modern and fun--I believe they are from emerging designers across the country. There's always an interesting mix of high schoolers, young professionals, and hip older women shopping. Soon enough, I'll be one of those grandmas.
Sophie & Trey is a nice boutique, but they have an unreasonable exchange policy. I spoke attempted to exchange a skirt that was  purchases 29 days prior. The store clerk sent me to another store to ask the "manager"! Yes, the customer does all the work. I arrived at the other store asked the clerk who then told me to wait and ask the owner! Yes, now I'm doing all the work and still waiting. When I approached the owner with my situation she could have cared less about me and was irritated with her 1st employee for sending me to ask for the exchange!  They do not have this policy posted, but it is conveniently located on my receipt. I've spent a total of $643.24 with this store and sister store since august.  Sadly, their lack of customer service will keep me away. I'm sure other retailers will appreciate the business and show a bit more courtesy.
By far one of the best boutiques I have ever been to! I drive 30 minutes to get here and it is worth it every time. They have the trendiest, cutest clothes for the most reasonable prices! Go here to get something fun and unique at a low price!
