Went here prior to seeing a movie at the galleria. We weren't in much of a rush, but even if we were it wouldn't have mattered because we were the only other table in the restaurant at 7pm on a Friday. The ambience was that of a renovated mexican restaurant. The staff was beyond friendly, and the owners remembered me from the Yelpies. For appetizers, we ordered the lamb chops, kimchi, and deep fried oysters. The lamb was well cooked however over spiced with mint. The kimchi was as intensely flavorful as it was spicy, which I enjoyed. The oysters were enjoyable as well. For our main courses, my brother and I split the Plate C skewers consisting of squid, beef, fish balls, meat balls and shrimp. The meatballs were some of the best I've ever had (which is saying a lot coming from an italian family whose faucets spout tomato sauce). We also split the Buffalo Bills roll, which consisted of smoked salmon and cream cheese inside, topped with roast beef. It was a flavor profile I'd never experienced, and each bite left me craving more! I sided the meal with a tom yum soup which perfectly balanced spice and flavor. In summary: great food, extremely friendly staff, and great service. Can't wait to return when they get their alcohol license!
Authentic experience from end to end. The food is as authentic as the staff. The door way transports you to the tastes and hospitality of Japan and Thailand. I planed my next visit and meal selection before I had finished my meal.
One of the easiest 5 stars I've ever given! The service was impeccable. They knew me by name when I entered and even used it when I was asking for items! Huge points for that! As everyone mentioned the owner and everyone else is so nice and accommodating! The food as it boils down to! Started with the Tom Kar? Similar to Tom yum but with a coconut curry base. It was DELICIOUS! mild but fantastic seasoning, good amount of chicken and beautiful rough chopped veggies. The spicy salmon maki roll was so fresh and tasty but I'll say it was the pumpkin tempura maki that took the cake! I never knew pumpkin could be so amazing! An crunchy! Lastly we were suggested to take the Tori Ketsu with Japanese Veggie Curry as we wanted something different and authentic. It was different alright! Mild yes but bursting with flavour! The chicken was so nicely done and moist! I loved it! Can't wait to head back there!
The server/owner was incredibly nice and the service was great. Sushi was decent. Avoid the bubble tea! It is simply flavored milk with boba. Salads were great.
Service was great, food was excellent! Chicken Pad Thai was one of the best I've had in WNY. Meatballs on a skewer were delicious as was the Thai Bubble Tea. Definitely recommend going here!!
"Amazing ! Amazing ! Yelp all about it" I want to leave my review as that really. Cuz everything from the service to the food was AMAZING ! My sister and I after a long grinding work week needed some nourishment and she suggested Tetons kitchen. I was beyond famine'd and needed food bad so I agreed! Parking was great, and Taka greeted me upon entering! The entire staff is very nice. And the food is to die for. Being that we were starving we ordered tons of spring rolls! They are to die for! I'm not the biggest sushi eater but I can eat da rolls ! Prices are relatively low. And whatever the ball of dough filled with ice cream was you have not lived until you try one. Amazing. Totally going back in the near future. Maybe I'll live there and be the sushi king and live happily ever after! Words of wisdom, go there tomorrow. Don't tell the kids the wife or the husband just go and live a little :) If this was eBay they would get an A+++++++++++++++++ review! Keep it up taka!
I'm visiting from San Diego. Plenty good Thai there. This is best I've had. Egg rolls light & crispy. Browned the meat before adding to the Pad Thai. Perfect 3/5 spiciness yet flavor spices still came through wonderfully. Big portions & Friendly too.
Stopped in again the other night. I'ts always fun to walk in some place and be called out by name from not only the owner but most of the wait staff, cooks, etc. Taka always has a friendly smile and envokes that uara onto you. Food was, as always fresh and fantastic.
So, I'll admit that I had driven past this place a few times before actually going inside.  I'd heard great things from a Yelp event, and better things from Alex L and Tom D... so finally, it was time. Walking in, I was met by the Owner, Taka, who even remembered my father from his visit weeks prior.  (Read: Impressed) Taka was amazing, introducing himself to the 4 members of my party and remembering everyone's name and taste preferences.  I challenged him to decide my courses for me, and given that he had time, he made a hot Thai soup for me to enjoy something warm on a cold day, and then made a sushi roll himself based on my favorite fish.  OUTSTANDING service! The 3 other members of my party ordered a variety of items, ranging from sushi to the slow cooked duck.  All of which were served simultaneously and explained by Taka and his serving staff.  Delicious preparation and solid recommendations by Taka, explaining to my mother that she's actually get a better deal if she ordered the Bento box than what she was going to order.  (I love to see an owner pointing out ways to save money at his own establishment) Another thing I loved was the Specials menu.  It skimped on pomp and pretense, and explained the specials as if it was having a conversation with you.  Brilliant! During our lunch I had plenty of time to socialize with my party, and also be entertained by the owner, Taka.. offering valuable suggestions on the meal, and a delicious tip on the bubble tea.  Almond was amazing!   I love that it's a local owned shop, the owner has a place near the Grand Teton National Park (hence the name), and set up shop in Buffalo to live with his Wife.. awesome story.. and his hospitality exudes without any holdups.. a truly amazing host. The food was great, the menu (albeit confusing -- but I only like 8 options) was thorough, and the location (while not ideal for business) is great for me, because it's in an area surrounded by forgettable places to eat.   All that being said, I'd return to visit Taka and enjoy his company and food... few times have I felt so welcomed in any establishment This place is truly a gem, and if you haven't been yet, give them one chance, introduce yourself, and I will wager my 5 star review on you wanting to return.
The first time I went to Teton was before a Yelp event and I gave it four stars to force me to return. No one should ever be forced to return To Teton Kitchen and the likes of Taka! This place and the owner are both AMAZING! I returned with my son Jon, his much better half Deb and my beautiful wife Barb! Not one of us could come up with anything negative here - it's just a shame more people don't know about this gem! Selection is plentiful, flavor is all but yours to select. Taka will customize any dish you want - you just have to ask. The price is extremely reasonable and anytime I can go into or around or near the city of Buffalo and not pay for parking or have to walk a mile - I LIKE it! Without going into a lot of detail about each dish and drink we had - I must say the real "Off the Chart" rating goes to the owner Taka who is by far the very best in customer service anyone will find. So - if you want to find a gem within a gem within a gem - stop in to Teton Kitchen and give the place a shot! I'd always ask for Taka myself, but everyone is very polite, courteous and eager to ensure you have a wonderful time! In my honest opinion - it really doesn't get better then this! This place is now a "Go To" place for me and my family! Taka - if you read this - don't forget - if you come to Sunset Bay - you better let us know AND be ready to practice your skills!
I love this little couple-owned business: I'm surprised with something on the menu nearly every time that I come here. The owner truly understands customer service and makes you feel very welcome and relaxed every time you come here. If you're lucky enough to have Taka wait on you, you'll see what I mean. The menu is extensive and worth exploring and it's price point makes it feasible to do so. Here are some of my absolute favorites: * The lamb chop as an appetizer. Served with a delectable sweet sauce, the lamb has always been grilled to a perfect point. It's a little raw on the inside (unless you ask otherwise), which is how a lamb chop should be. The sauce and potatoes they serve it with really make the dish one-of-a-kind and I love sharing this whenever I come here with friends. * Their kushi-yaki or Japanese grill bar is something that I haven't found offered in many other Japanese restaurants in Buffalo. Think of grilled kabobs -- Japanese style. They grill them right behind the counter. My absolute favorite is the bacon and scallop wrap. I could eat thousands of those (but my heart probably wouldn't thank me for it). * Their duck, tuna and beef salads are delicious. Their tuna salad is served with seaweed and delicious pieces of lightly seared tuna (which is mostly still raw on the inside). The duck salad has tender cuts of duck meat along with cucumber and hints of lime and a little bit of sriracha sauce. The Thai Beef Salad is also a worthwhile choice if you're craving something healthy with a bit of substantial protein. * ALL their curries: red, green, etc --- very flavorful. Just be careful with the spice level. A 3 here is likely a 5 elsewhere. Be cautious --- things can get very spicy! * The yellowtail lover sushi/sashimi special is probably my favorite raw fish combo they offer. I love yellowtail and the pieces of sashimi are always plentiful. * The basil fried rice is very flavorful and so is the coconut rice. It's been a favorite for my wife whenever I bring it home. * Their Tom Yum Soup with shrimp is oftentimes spicy, but incredibly flavorful and rich. The price point, delicious food and the superb customer service make this a place I go for a casual lunch/dinner with friends, business meetings or oftentimes takeout if I'm in the area. Full disclosure: I've become friendly with the owner over the last year, but I'm confident he treats his customers with love and delicious food, so I stand by this review. Tldr: Get the lamb chop as an appetizer. Bacon & Scallop kushi-yaki and any of their curries. The sushi is also very good and they use incredibly fresh fish.
I had the pleasure of eating at Teton last night and thoroughly enjoyed my experience! I started off with the Tom Yum (chicken) soup and feeling courageous ordered it at the highest spice level (5). The server promptly warned me that it will be very spicy but I gave the go ahead anyways. In hindsight, should have definitely listened to my server as the soup was delicious but a little too spicy for my taste. For dinner, I ordered the crispy chicken pad thai, which again was excellent! I've had pad thai at other thai restaurants and the peanut flavor can be overwhelming but at Teton it was just right. I ended the meal with Japanese ice cream (can't remember the name) which was great. The owner came over and checked on me twice during the meal and was very hospitable! Looking forward to my future visits to Teton.
I was passing through Buffalo on my way to Niagara and stopped here for a late dinner. The sushi and the thai food were both great. I had green curry with chicken and it was bomb. My wife had tempura and it was good too. I would eat here again if I were in the area.
My family and I were visiting Niagara Falls and stopped by Teton Kitchen based on the reviews on Yelp. Have to say it was a little disappointing. The food was okay. I guess we are used to higher quality food in this price range in NYC. And we are Asian so we know what it should taste like. But maybe it's just highly rated based on what people are used to in this area. We ordered yakisoba, pad kee mao, curry and 3 sushi rolls. The noodles were tasty. The chicken in the curry didn't taste fresh. The rolls were average, but we ordered a spicy salmon roll and instead we got a salmon, avocado, cucumber roll. We told the waitress but she insisted that this was the way they made their spicy salmon roll and they drizzle spicy mayo on top. We said that it is usually minced with spicy sauce and looks different. This had sliced salmon chunks. (Check out the picture) She kept insisting that they spiced it already. We let it go because we didn't want to spend our lunch there arguing. We ate the salmon roll. NOT SPICY. But our waitress was Chinese and after you eat a piece, you paid for it. Not worth the trouble. It wasn't bad, just not what we ordered. Overall, we were hungry and wanted Asian food so this place sufficed, but just that.
My mom and I went to Teton last night for dinner. We both had an iced tea. I had the thai iced tea and she had the peach iced tea. They were very good and a great start to our meal. We started with the seafood dumplings steamed. The dough was so light and the filling was delicious. I love dumplings and order them any time I see them on a menu. These dumplings were the best I've ever had, by far. I ordered the spicy fried rice and my mom had the Pad Thai. They were both so good. Mine was a very spicy rice even at a 1. I loved it at dinner and lunch the next day since the portions are so generous. The pad thai was delicious and the best I've had. The service was great and everyone working there was so friendly. I can't wait to go back. I look forward to becoming a regular there.
This is the go-to date night place for my boyfriend and I when we want some sushi! I cannot express enough how friendly everyone is here, especially the owner! We always feel welcomed and they're serious about customer service. The very first time we came there was a small issue that was very quickly resolved. We could tell the owner really wants everyone to enjoy their food! Needless to say, the food is excellent! So far, we have tried and loved the spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and shrimp tempura rolls. I'm a huge fan of their red thai curry! Be sure you mean it if you want it spicy! A level 3 is perfect if you want a moderate amount of spice, but can still enjoy all the wonderful flavors. Their bubble teas are really really good! I had been hunting for a good bubble tea place in the area and that's actually how we found this place! Also fantastic thai iced tea. Their miso soup is the best I've ever had. I tried the tom yum soup recently and really enjoyed that-it was a little spicy and wonderfully flavorful. Overall, a great place to check out. Clean, friendly, great prices, and fast service. We're eager to keep coming back and trying out more stuff!
Food was too good just be aware of the spice level you want.. even 2 was hot. . You get everything in a bento box..
I lived/worked in Thailand for almost 20 years before I retired so I do not relate to Thai as spicy. I was used to adding my own condiments. I find the fried rice, curry and pad thai very much to my liking. Tempura and the Bento boxes are great as well. Very friendly staff. Good value and great food.
I am in Depew and Cheektowaga more than I ever have been before.  I blame this on Alex's yelp events.  He's getting me to try places I would probably not have made the trip for before.   Its Thai and Japanese focused food and they do both well.  Ive had sushi here which I enjoyed a lot.  Especially seeing it being made by Taka, the owner.  Very fun to watch an expert.  That was a "Yelp Gets Schooled" event.   Prior to that event Id had the sushi as takeout at someone's house.  It was very good then as well, which is part of why I was excited about the sushi making event here. I came back for lunch recently.  I was in the area, but I fully confess I made my other plans so I could be here at lunch time.  I was very interested in trying some of the Thai food.  Ive been to Thailand and love the food there, and have not had terrific Thai in Buffalo.  So while I had high hopes, I also had realistic expectations.  Its hard to make "authentic" food when you are limited by supplies you can actually buy here.   I had the Pad Thai lunch special.  It comes with soup, either miso or a sweet and sour one (I forget the name).  I had the sweet and sour one, which is a soup with heat.  I liked it.  Generous bowl with vege floating around in it.   Then the main event arrived.  It was VERY good.  I cannot wait to be here again around lunchtime.  It was a very generous portion, which is great.  If I had not been quite so hungry I might have had some to bring home, but frankly I could not stop eating it.  The noodles were very good, but the crispy chicken was the star of the show for me.   When I was here Taka was out front, seating people, greeting many by name, he recognized me from the yelp event actually.  Impressive.  I would not be surprised if my next visit gets me a greeting by name as well.  He took orders.  He delivered some of the dishes (he does have others working too).  He checking in during the meal.  After it he came and asked for feedback.  And really wanted it.  Impressive.   This place is worth a trip if you are not local to it.  But its definatley something you should time when running errands in the area.   This is a clean restaurant and you can see into the kitchen which is nice. Teton Kitchen is on Dick Road in a standalone building that has great parking. **Random note, the ladies room has hooks behind the door!  Anyone carrying a purse will appreciate that touch. *edited to take out comment referencing former employer, comment was incorrect.   (950)
My wife and I never felt this welcome in such a modest establishment. And we've been to a lot of places in our last two weeks driving across country. Taka, the owner, made the whole experience extraordinary with his hospitality. We got there right at closing time, and they never made us feel rushed. The food was authentic and delicious. Exactly what we were looking for.
Looks can be deceiving... From the outside Teton Kitchen looks a little blah but take a chance and step inside and you won't be disappointed! Taka, who co-owns Teton Kitchen with his wife, is one of the happiest, most friendly people I have ever met AND produces some delicious sushi. After the Yelp Gets Schooled Sushi Making event, I knew Alex showed us Yelpers yet another fabulous place and had to go back ASAP. Last night I was finally able to get back there, accompanied by my mom who also enjoys sushi as much as I do. Taka was again super welcoming and made us feel like regular customers even though it was technically our first time actually dining at Teton. We ordered a variety of things: edamame, Rocket Shrimp, Tuna w/ Avocado Roll, Happy Together Roll, Beach Roll, and Taka also brought out this amazing beef salad for us to try. As if we weren't full enough (to the point of getting a to-go box), Taka brought us out two cute little strawberry ice creams that were... you guessed it, yummy! Everything was so, so good! The quality of Teton's fish is high and fresh. His presentation is marvelous and the portions are large. I have no complaints at all. From exceptional customer service to sushi that is the right price and made with high quality fish, Teton Kitchen Thai & Japanese Cuisine is officially my new go-to spot for sushi. I highly recommend Teton's Kitchen!!!
From the exterior and the restaurant being in suburbs you would not expect to find this hidden gem. Teton kitchen is a gem because they make Thai food and delicious sushi. I first tried their sushi last Tuesday at a yelp event. During the event I loved the sushi so much that I had to order some other dish to take home. A fellow yelper strongly recommended the red curry (warning me to order the correct spiciness level) so I did just that. I tried the red curry with chicken with one star on the spicy level (mild). Only one star and this dish still had some heat. Plenty for me!  I really enjoyed that the red curry sauce was not super thick and as creamy. It felt light to eat and didn't give me food coma. From my own brief yelp experience and the stories people have told me, The owner and staff are very friendly and close with their customers. They remember their frequenters and provide them delicious experiences. I can't wait to become one of the regulars and try more on the menu!!!!
The Pad Thai is the best I've had, it's the benchmark of Thai into opinion. Well-spiced, just the right amount of sauce and vegetables. I ordered mine with tofu and Teton serves only fried, not steamed, tofu in this dish -- despite my request. The miso soup was great, and so was the Tom Ka soup. The service is friendly and quick. I agree with other reviews that the exterior is rather unappealing, almost invisible in its unexceptional appearance. I'm glad to have found Teton (via Siri) and will be back soon.
Friendly service, great sushi, clean place, reasonable prices. Liked it a lot. On business trip and visited based on the Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. The sushi was fresh and the roll was nice and tasty.
Like others have said, I drove by Teton Kitchen many times saying to myself "Thai and Japanese Cuisine? I should really check that out." I'm glad I finally made the time to stop and eat here. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly and helpful. There is a great variety of food and I had a lot of trouble deciding between the various dishes. I ended up with a teriyaki bento box to get a little taste of everything. I'll definitely be returning again to try out more dishes in the near future.
Had an absolutely superb meal there tonight with my son. The service was wonderful and the food was simply tremendous.  We like it spicy and we were well taken care of in that department.   I had the tom yum soup with chicken and my son had the tom kha with the same.  Certainly the best in Depew lol (to be fair, the Thai House on Transit also serves a killer tom yum).  Our main courses were Thai basil fried rice with pork and masaman curry with chicken, which we shared.  The basil fried race was by far the best Thai fried rice I have ever had.  It included a nice amount of chopped fresh chili peppers on the side of the platter (per our request and they were gone after we finished our meal).  The masaman was also very fine, with white meat chicken, potatoes, peanuts, in a delicious peanut curry sauce, served with a bowl of jasmine rice with toasted shallots sprinkled on top.  It was spiced up to the 5-star maximum, much to our liking. We couldn't help but notice the care in preparation for each item.  Very healthy food, with fresh vegetables and lean and trimmed meats.  Nothing was greasy or oily. This was a 5-star experience and we will be back soon!
When we first went to Teton during Local Restaurant week a year ago, we were not sure what to expect when we pulled up. The building is unassuming from the outside. But we found Teton Kitchen to be an awesome source of fresh food made by hand. Teton Kitchen is an amazing place for Asian fusion. If you are in the mood for interesting, artistic takes on sushi rolls, this is absolutely the place. Seabar and Kuni's are nice but pricey. Teton makes fantastic sushi available at an affordable price. The owner and staff are kind and attentive. We always enjoy seeing them.
Cute place. Not at all what I expected from the outside. Menu was kind of confusing. Tons to choose from, but something about it was hard to read. Not the best sushi I've ever had, but the service was very happy and kind. The server (owner?) even treated us to green tea ice cream at the end of our meal. Thank you! Much appreciated! Everything seemed fresh but I can tell that the sushi chef is not very experienced and that the quality of the fish is lower grade than say, Samurai, where the fish is of the highest grade. My salmon lovers maki combo was okay, but the cuts were raggedy. Looked like the knife used to cut wasn't sharp enough or just not a sushi knife at all. I also had the layer cake and was not overly impressed. I agree with the reviewer who said that the tuna seemed mealy. It also fell apart when I tried to pick it up with chopsticks. Even using my hands it all fell apart in the soy sauce. My dad got the Tom Yum soup, a California roll, and the Happy Together roll. The California roll was really good. Fresh and creamy. But the other components of his meal didn't do much for me. Mom had the tempura shrimp bento box. She really enjoyed it. We also had the rocket shrimp appetizer. It was good. Tender, fresh, small shrimp. The Thai Iced tea was like a dessert, even topped with whipped cream. Tasty, but different from the layered tea I'm used to. All in all, an okay place. But I live about 2 miles from Samurai in East Amherst and I will say if you're a sushi lover, that should be your benchmark for fantastic sushi. Glad we came here and tried though. My parents liked it much more than I did, so maybe it's just me?
My boyfriend and I love this place and dine here often!! The sushi and Thai dishes are amazing!  We've never had anything we didn't like. Also, the owners Taka and Kym are the sweetest people...so friendly and eager for all of their customers to have an enjoyable experience.  The prices are reasonable. If you're feeling indulgent, try the fried ice cream - so good!  I really have nothing but good things to say about this place. Do yourself a favor and try it!
Went here for the sushi and it was great! Taka was wonderful and the staff very friendly and accommodating.  We will be back again!
Traveling for business and was craving Sushi and thanks to Yelp I found a great little spot close to the airport.   Unassuming from the outside (probably a former fast food joint) but inside it's perfect, simple, great service and the lunch specials were great! Will definitely be back!!!
We went there on a Friday afternoon around 5pm.  The place was just starting to fill up.  The staff acted confused and lacked organization.  We were seated and 15 minutes had gone by and still no one had come to offer us water or take a drink order.  We waited 5 more minutes before walking out.  It would have been my first time eating Thai...left very disappointed.
After working around the corner from this place for years, I was literally dragged in last week.  I am a complete neophyte when it comes to Japanese/Thai cuisine.  The have done a nice job freshening this place up from its pizzeria days.   The exceptionally helpful waiter figured this out in about 5 seconds.  He strongly recommended   the fried rice.  I went with the recommendation and was very happy that I did.  The rice was fantastic, with fresh veggies and not at all greasy.  I loathe broccoli and ate every single piece on my plate.   The spices and notes of ginger were perfect.  My abductors had the Pad and curry.  I tried both and they were wonderful too.  The Pad with pork really hit the spot.  I went back the next day for more!!!  Good on them for making some dishes that are noob friendly.  Don't pass this place up!!!!
I was surprised with how great the prices were here, considering how wonderful the quality of food is! Mark my words, you will not leave hungry. Great service, great food-- try the skewers! Also the soup bowls are great, and interesting (ie: delicious) sushi options. My boyfriend,  who lived in Japan for a time, said this was the best hand roll he had found in the States! Seriously, many people seem to pass this place by due to location, but it's worth it. I go out of my way now to bring clients and coworkers here for lunch :)
We have tried several of the dishes here and there is nothing we do not love! Some of the favorites are the beef and shrimp fried rice, the meat kabobs and the various sushi rolls. We also love the Tom Yum soup, which is what originally brought is to this place. We have tried Sushi places all over western New York, but this was the only place that carried the soup we fell in love with prior to moving here. The restaurant is always bright and cheerful and the staff are all so very kind. Come for a visit and give this place a try- we promise you will not be disappointed.
Couldn't eat another Buffalo wing. Never thought to try sushi in Buffalo but the ratings drew me in... I could not be happier I tried. Teton was great! I like spicy kimchi so I tried the Buta Kimchi app. I was asked how spicy I wanted it and they delivered a nice level of heat. Offered rice as well. Also had the Anaconda specialty roll and it was perfect. Would say that this was a very good experience.
We all strive for great customer service.  Does that mean that mistakes don't happen? Of course not. It means that you try and do an excellent job every day and - when mistakes do occur - you recover and correct to the customer's satisfaction - with that same excellence. Teton Kitchen, owned and operated by (Chef) Taka and (Mrs.) Khin Win, on numerous visits has brought us the highest degree of polite Japanese culture mixed with supreme customer service. What's more interesting is that they back it up with fully flavorful, extremely fresh and beautifully well presented dishes that rival the very best in Western New York. In my visits I've tried their Tom Yum Soup, Buta Kimchi, Spicy Yellowtail Roll and Spicy Salmon Roll Maki, the Black Dragon Roll and Soft Shell Crab Roll Maki, and their Thai Tea which rivals one of the finest in the area. In addition, their sushi and sashimi - amazingly fresh - is the target of my next visit.  We all have our favorite sushi restaurants which we frequent a lot and tell our friends about.  My bet is that Teton Kitchen will quickly become - one of our favorites. As a new restaurant my hope is that they can maintain their high level of quality in both their cooking and customer service. We'll know in a year or two, but they're certainly on the right track.
Found this place through Yelp since it is so close to my hotel and it has very good reviews. The food is very good, especially the sushi. The service was very nice, and the staff was extremely attentive and friendly! Our whole family had a great time here.
I first noticed Teton Kitchen as I drove by heading to Wegmans on my lunch break couple weeks ago and made a mental note to check it out next time I was not packing my lunch to work. Well today was that day and after looking up some of the reviews I gave it a try and was quite happy as well. I had the Green Curry lunch special with chicken. For heat level I said very very hot which I guess was a 5 out of 5 on their heat scale. Price came out to $8.25 and it included a Miso soup and good portion of rice. The curry was excellent, spice level was good and hot, but not so much that I couldn't taste anything nor enjoy it. Chicken pieces were good size and it was pretty filled with vegetable pieces like green pepper, bamboo shoots, broccoli.... The miso soup and rice it came with were good as well. Service on the phone and paying for pickup was quick and friendly. Will definitely be back and reserve the final star for when I try some sushi.
I stopped in for takeout after driving past Teton countless times. At 8 pm the place was dead and dark, but still open. The decor is very plain and casual, but clean and attractive. The staff were friendly, and the chef slapped together a couple of gorgeous special rolls for me in about the time it took me to drink half my green tea. Both rolls were huge. Two of them make a filling meal. The fish is fresh and tasty, and the rice is perfect. One of the rolls was supposed to have spicy salmon, but it only had a little bit of spicy mayo drizzled over top. (I'm not complaining, I love that stuff. And I forgot until I sat down to look at the menu again and write my review that there was supposed to be something spicy in there.) The crunch topping isn't your standard panko, but seemed to be crispy-fried slivers of onion. The price is more in line with what I was used to paying back in Toronto. Not only is WNY getting better sushi, it's also getting cheaper sushi. Can't wait to try more (and maybe the Thai part of the menu will be the spicy-food-that-is-not-wings that I've been dreaming of...).
Don't let the outside fool. Head on in. Staff is very friendly but the server we had spoke rough english so be patient Great that you can have Thai if you are not a sushi fan. My Friend had the green curry with tofu and loved it. Probably would have licked the bowl I tried the skewers. Bacon scallops were good. Better than the chicken. Sushi was good if you are not a sushi fanatic. If you are you can tell the difference. However prices are much cheaper than the places I speak of. One note. Stay away from the sushi with the fried chicken. I tried it to be different but it was not a good combo.
My boyfriend and I went here during Restaurant Week and got an insane amount of food for $20.13. When we first walked in we were a bit disappointed as the restaurant was more casual than we expected however once we tried the food we realized we judged too quickly! Everything we had was delicious, we had some of the best curry we've ever tried. The owner was incredibly nice and kept coming back to our table to make sure that we liked everything and seemed truly complimented that we finished everything on our plates. This is definitely going to be a restaurant we visit often!
My boyfriend and I have eaten here twice now in the past month, we both love Thai food & Sushi...Teton has only been open a couple of months now but it is absolutely wonderful. I've eaten at every Sushi restaurant in WNY and I can honestly say this place is in the top 2. The seafood is extremely fresh,  the selection is impressive,  the variety of different types of rolls is outstanding and the presentation of the Sushi is amazing.  For a brand new restaurant,  if you like Sushi then you must try this place.  My only complaint (and its not really a complaint) is the Thai portion of the menu needs to be expanded. We found this place by searching online for a Thai restaurant in the area but the Thai selection of the menu is a bit limited. The Thai food we've had was delicious here,  on par with Saigon Bangcock or Thai Orchid ...just wish they had more of a Thai selection. The restaurant is spotlessly clean,  the staff is very friendly and attentive,  and the Sushi Chef (his name is Dake) is super nice, the price range is very reasonable for the quality of Thai & Sushi.   Highly recommend Teton
An amazing place. We ordered a bunch of sushi the rice was warm and moist. Layer cake was delish. Then came the Niagara that was great I believe it had some bean sprouts in it. Then came the mild chicken curry wow some of the best curry I've ever had. There was a hint of peanut and I do love me some peanut.  My wife had the pad thai which was good if you want to go the safe rout. But I say go big or go home. Service: it was fantastic they were very attentive but not hovering around. The food came out promptly and they were just so nice. I will definitely be back and you should go asap.
I travel for work and eat on the road constantly. Teton offers such wonderful hospitality and it was a pleasure dining and chatting with the owners. I got something off the menu. Outside it was cold and rainy and the owner recommended some noodles with red curry and dumplings. it was great and made me wonder if he enjoys it so much why not add to the menu as a house special? The proprietors are so nice and humble.  I literally insisted to pay more for my meal than what I was billed. if you know how cheap I am you would understand that it would be next to impossible for me to volunteer that.   I enjoyed learning a little bit about this Burmese American success story and wish them all luck in the years to come. By the way, I do not write reviews very often on yelp but this was a really nice place.
I love  this place. Service was great and the pad Thai was  perfect. Definitely will return.
They opened recently and I'm glad for it.  You will be hard pressed to find a better authentic sushi restaurant anywhere else in WNY/Buffalo area.  There is one other I'd consider going to, and that'd be Sakura Sushi, which is a tad pricier.  This place is slightly more casual.  Having Thai on the menu is an added plus that doesn't take away from what they do great, which is sushi first and foremost. We started with the yakitori (aka kushi-yaki) plate B... as an appetizer.  If you love the charcoal flavor in your grilled items this is for you!  They were all tasty... beef, chicken, pork, eggplant, and we added jalapeño a la carte.  Nowhere else, and I mean no other restaurant in WNY will you find this on the menu. We picked Thai iced tea for drinks and it came out exactly how I'd expect Thai iced tea to taste. Amongst the group, they ordered the vegetable tempura udon.  The tempura batter used was different but quite tasty. The tuna lovers' combination similar to my yellowtail lovers' combination included sushi, sashimi and spicy rolls, making the fish of choice the theme for the entire entreé. Presentation was quite nice, with lettuce as the garnish... and the server and owner checking on tables every so often to check on the quality of the sushi, which by the way was quite fresh. An enjoyable, affordable experience overall.  They also have a takeout and lunch menu, which I'll try and report back to you.  What's not to like?  See for yourself and from the pictures I've attached.
The owners have really turn Teton Kitchen into a beautiful establishment. I always leave full and smiling. Order your Massaman Curry a little spicy to help relieve a cold. Taka and Khin have always made me feel welcomed. A delicious drink to try is a Thai Iced Tea, it's sweet and creamy.  The sushi tastes fresh, the rainbow roll is a good choice to try several fish. This will be the only sushi place in buffalo that I will be missing, you should check it out to understand.
Today was my first time at this restaurant. The service was excellent and the staff is friendly. It was difficult trying to figure out the menu. I had to google some of the items. I decided to try the Chicken Pad Thai which was delicious. It had a little kick (spicy... Goes from 1 to 5 - 5 being the hottest). Definitely worth going back!
Heard great stuff about the place.  Went with the family early on Sunday night.  Cheerful, quick service, better than good food. We had the miso soup-very good.  The Kim Chi and pork app-delicious, shumai-great, fried spring rolls-pretty good.  A couple of sushi rolls that were inspired but just a tad lacking in balance and refinement...a little 'clunky'. Dinner was 2 pad Thais that were the best I've had recently-not that peanut buttery dense stuff, but pretty light, great noodle texture, and and a great overall feel.  I had the roast duck...It was delicious, but a pain in the ass because if all the little bones chopped up in it. Prices are REALLY reasonable. Overall good experience, looking forward to coming back soon!
Buffalo is blessed with a wide range of wonderful food and establishments.  Teton Kitchen is no exception.  The staff is so wonderful that I always end up glowing by the time I leave.  They are so attentive and critical of themselves that you genuinely feel like they want to make your visit special.  The owner has been there each time I have visited and has always taken an interest in my experience.  I fear that Teton Kitchen is among just a small handful of Asian restaurants that I frequent that have set the 5 star criteria to a new high.   The only thing that matched the hospitality and atmosphere was the taste of the food.  The fried spring rolls were cooked to a perfect crisp.  I don't tend to think of miso soup as anything exceptional or special (you can get it most places, and it's always good), but there is even something special about the taste of their miso soup.  The sushi is delicious and fresh tasting.  You get the impression from each plate (we tried several different rolls) that special care is given to each roll by a practiced chef.  I am a huge fan of Thai dishes, especially curry, and am usually very skeptical and critical of my massman.  Teton Kitchen's version of Thai massaman curry was delicious and had just the right spice level.   What ended up being especially impressive for me was that the chef came over after a few  bites to make sure that the spice level was acceptable.  She, along with the owner, genuinely wanted to know what I thought of the dish.  They were genuinely interested in my impressions and feedback.  She informed me that she'd be going to NYC within the week and coming back with plenty of flavor powders for the bubble milk tea that they serve, which will probably make a lot of people very happy (their regular Bubble Milk Tea itself, without any added flavoring or adjusting, is extremely delicious).  I am glad to see places like this opening, and the area that they picked was really lacking in quality establishments with this type of cuisine.
I have been trying for the last year to get in to eating fish. I have been trying for the last 6 months to figure out if I like sushi. I had pretty much come to the conclusion that I was just not a sushi person. I tried, you know? And I'm really picky and it just wasn't my jam. BUT I CANNOT STOP THINKING ABOUT THIS SUSHI. Other folks in my party were eating the mango shrimp roll and on a whim (and because my friend Danielle B. told me to) I tried it. And I loved it. Containing shrimp tempura, crab, avocado, cucumber, and mango (*note: I don't like any of those things) in an inside-out style roll, it was perfect. I also had the miso soup (which, for such a basic food, was one of the tastier ones in town), chicken kushi-yaki (similar to tiny kebab), and the re to say that the 3.5 I ordered was dead on. The rice the came with the curry had what I thind curry with chicken. I was asked how spicy I'd like it, between 1-5, and would have were little flakes of fried onion? Despite my lack of confidence it what it was, it made the dish extra tasty. So: If your friends want you to go out for sushi at Teton Kitchen and you're like me and just aren't a sushi fan FEAR NOT! There is a plethora of other Thai and Japanese (roast duck! ginger chicken! fish!) items to choose from and also, just try the damn sushi. You may be surprised.
The first time I had sushi here I was not impressed, so I didn't try it again for a few months. But, recently, I decided to give it another shot and it was much better. Not sure if I just caught them on a bad day the first time, but if they make sushi consistently as good as what I had recently, I would surely have it again. It's still not nearly as good as something you can get in a major coastal city, but for Buffalo it's great. Another thing I would like to add is that this is the only restaurant I've reviewed on Yelp. And that's because it's one of the few places I've been to that I really want to see succeed. It is a hidden gem. If Teton was in a better neighborhood, it would be thriving.
Amazing place, affordable and every dish is like a piece of art. The owners goes out his way to make sure you are satisfied with your meal. The chef is a master of their craft, all the food is delicious. In terms of quality this place rivals, Sea Bar which is the best sushi place in the city.
This place is great. Food was really good and we enjoyed being here. The owner is extremely friendly and really cares about the food and his customers. I would come back in a heartbeat.
I ate here last week and can't wait to go back. Every dish came out carefully placed and the fish was fresh and vibrant. The staff was very attentive - I only had water but it never went less than half full. There are some things on this menu that I have never heard of before. At the recommendation of the owner, I tried the Beef Kushi-yaki. It was marinated beef grilled on a stick in some kind of teriyaki-soy glaze. The flavor was good but I thought the meat was a little tough. I'm not really sure how to judge this. I had zero expectations of what it was supposed to taste like and for $2.00 I did not regret my choice. There were many more varieties of these "Kushi-yaki", some of which had more than 1 ingredient on a stick. You also could have ordered a combination plate which I would definitely do next time. They had both vegetable and meat variety. I ordered the Beach Roll as my entree of the "Special Style Maki" menu. It was spicy tuna, tempura shrimp, avocado & cucumber. It came drizzled with a fine line of mayonnaise(?) all over it and the plate. I'm a tuna gal and specifically ordered this because I wanted something with tuna in it. Even though this roll was absolutely the best quality sushi I have ever had, it did not have much tuna in it at all. I also wish I knew what it was exactly which was drizzled all over my plate and wished it wasn't there. I could have asked, but I didn't. I will be returning to this restaurant and already know what I will be ordering next time. It is called the "Layer Cake". This appeared to be a 5 layer "cake" of raw fish, mango and sushi rice and it looked crazy amazing. Similar to my pal Amber H below, I also cannot stop thinking about this place and how great the sushi was. Even though I had some complaints about the food above, I would still give this place a full 5 star rating.
This is quite honestly the best Thai/ Japanese food I've ever had. I go there atleast once a week for lunch. The Pad Thai with crispy chicken and 4 spice is one of my favorite dishes of all time. I've also tried a few of the Bento Box's they have and they are a lot of food! I've also tried numerous other dishes on the menu and have never left disappointed. Truly great food with great service to go along!
Watch your bill! The food was fine but they gave us our bill, we paid it, they then said they did it wrong, charged us more. A week later they recharged our credit card an additional $5!!!
The food here is out of this world! We love the Tom Yum soup and three stars on the heat level is plenty hot too! The spicy salmon and yellow tail rolls are a few more of my personal favorites! The staff here is so nice and the restaurant is really cute! There are windows lining three of the walls so the place is bright and cheerful. They are working on getting their liquor license so be patient because it's coming! They have tables if you want to sit out in the main part of the restaurant or you can sit up at the sushi bar- where ever you sit you won't be disappointed because this place is a blast! I really enjoy coming here too because the staff is so engaging, and we have fun watching videos and other shows they have on the TV. Above all else though the food here in incredible- we have tried so many dishes and have absolutely loved everything. I am really glad to have such a treasure in our neighborhood and look forward to coming here each and every time! Keep up the great work Teton because you have the right balance of excellent food, service and ambiance!!
Had a wonderful dining experience at this restaurant. The food was cooked perfectly very fresh and wonderfully seasoned. I know I will be headed back here with friends. Everyone in my party was greatly pleased with their order.
We decided to try this newer thai & Japanese place on a chilly afternoon after driving by it countless times & i will say this place is a jewel ! The husband and wife team go out of the way to impress and indeed they do. From one of the most wonderful bowl of tom yumm soup loaded with vegetables  to the basil fried rice ,, the prices are down right great! Ive been to the trendy place in buffalo and shelled out alot of pesos and this place wont break your wallet! Lets hope this place stays alot longer than the previous places!
I love, love, love this restaurant! I have eaten at many different asian restaurants, but this one is the best. I have tried many different menu items and have never had one I didn't like. The food is delicious, the owner and his staff friendly and the price is reasonable.
I think this place is the prime place in WNY to get sushi. Rolls are bigger here than any place i have been. Atmosphere is really nice, and if you like green tea try some its really good. Prices are super competive with other sushi places
This place is a great hidden gem in Cheektowaga. The outside looks like pizza place, but the inside hides a yummy mix of Japanese and Thai food.  My fiancé and I have gone here a few times, and every time we were pleased. I really like the red Curry. They let you choose how spicy you like it on a scale 1 through 5, I usually get 3, and that still leaves a sizzle in my mouth I like.  The Miso soup is light and not too oily, even the rice comes with a bit of fried onions that gives it a good flavor.  And for the staff, the owner is very friendly, and will personally make sure everything is to your liken. He will greet you with a smile and wave, and seems to love to get to know his customers. I would love to see this place survive, and often recommend to friends.  It is a shame I moved away from the Cheektowaga, to north buffalo, but I still plan to make a special trip out there once in awhile for dinner.
AMAZING FOOD! My brother goes there almost every day! lol!  I have not physically been to the  restaurant myself since my brother usually picks up for us. He said the customer service is wonderful and the staff are very friendly. The lunch special L4, Japanese Yakisoba noodles is so delicious! The sushi is by far the best I've had here in Buffalo. You know you are getting quality, fresh sushi from Teton Kitchen!
Thanks to the reviews on Yelp, I've eaten at Teton Kitchen twice in the past week. The owner is personable and the wait staff is friendly and efficient. Both times, I've ordered vegetarian pad Thai. Why mess with a good thing? My friends and I shared some vegetarian sushi, also. The edamame is perfectly salty and a makes a great appetizer. High marks were given to the chicken pad Thai and curries. Note that the lunch menu is available any time, but the prices are different during non-lunch hours, making a nice option for diners. If the food wasn't so good, it would be worth a trip to Teton Kitchen for the green tea. The owner said he orders it from a source in New Jersey. It's easy to drive by this place - don't!
There's no denying that we drive by and wonder what their food is like since they've opened, but pleased to announce that I was pleasantly surprised at the selection on the menu the variety and on top of that the food tastes amazing DUH! I will definitely be going back to test out more menu selections. On top of that the staff was super friendly I claimed my free miso soup, and had one heck of a lunch:-D
When I first saw the sign for Teton Kitchen coming soon, I was ecstatic! When the finally opened I loaded up the kids and took the ride around the corner for lunch.  Much to my surprise and delight, the food was PHENOMENAL and the staff was friendly as could be and VERY helpful in our decision making process. Its been a few months now and I still make this my lunch destination at least once a week! I highly recommend the Beach Roll :-)
Delicious house salad, sushi (layer cake roll, Niagara roll) and the fried ice cream was spectacular! I would definitely come back again! The prices were pretty good as well. The owner taka was super friendly!
I was a bit skeptical in spite of the positive reviews on yelp. Being Asian, I always take it with a grain of salt when people tell me there is good Asian cuisine in the Buffalo area. I went with some coworkers for lunch and had the tom yong soup and ordered the shrimp tempura bento box. The soup was flavorful, but on the salty side. My bento order was decent. Tempura shrimp and veggies is hard to screw up. The California rolls that were part of the box was mediocre and "soggy". The service was great. I will come back to sample some other things on the menu before I form any concrete opinions about the restaurant.
The food here is good.  They know what they are doing and that is what matters.  I tried Buta Kimchi for the very first time and I'm hooked now.  Pricing is very affordable.
My boyfriend and I tried this restaurant for the first time today.  We had spicy salmon roll with crunch and beef udon.  We've been looking for really good udon in the buffalo area and this place offers the best so far.  I would def recommend Teton Kitchen. Love this place!!!
This place is seriously amazing!  The Red Thai Curry is so good!  It is the best I have had!  It's got a good heat without it being over powering.  The veggie sushi was so tasty with the freshly toasted sesame seeds on top.  The veggies were super fresh and had an awesome crunch to them.  I loved everything about it!  My boyfriend got the Hurricane roll and he LOVED it!  He never likes anything and he raved about this roll.  The rocket shrimp was lightly battered and not overly saucy. It was very light and refreshing.  I don't understand how Teton hasn't taken over Buffalo when it comes to the Asian restaurant scene but they are number one to me. Try them and you will agree!
Went for a weekday solo lunch last Friday. The place was freezing cold (seriously - no heat) so I had to keep my coat on. Service was extremely slow, BUT the server was trying his best - they were slammed with every single table full, including 3 larger parties. Impressive for a weekday @ noon in this area! I tried a plain tuna making roll, which was just so-so. I would love to try a special roll next time. The Tom Yam (?) soup was perfect for such a cold day - hot & very flavorful. Panang curry with chicken was delish as well; a bit more nutty than I'm used to, but still very good.  Service & atmosphere garner 2-3 stars; food was 3-4. I'll definitely give it another try.
Had some pad Thai and Thai basil fried rice. They were very good and tasty, the noodle was cooked perfectly and not mushy. The rice was spicy. Will be back for more
Awesome!!  I was skeptical.  I couldn't imagine how this was going to be, but it was amazing!!!  The sushi is the BEST in the area. Authentic dishes, knowledgeable chef and a unique presentations!  I will certainly be returning!!
Teton kitchen is my new go to restaurant for sushi. Their selection of rolls is amazing and everything is amazingly fresh and plated beautifully. The owner Taka is a very nice guy willing to offer suggestions if you're undecided on what you want. He suggested I try the "Kiss of the Spider Woman" roll which was amazing. Full of soft shell crab it was delicious. Their skewers are also a great meal or a fun side. Even their miso soup is great! T.K. Is now part of my regular rotation. I'd suggest you make it part of yours!
What a wonderful little gem! The courteous staff was eager to help, the food was delicious, and the ambiance was a pleasant surprise considering it is in a former fast food restaurant. Perhaps five stars is a bit generous, but I was not expecting much. That said, Teton blew me away.
Warm miso soup on the house was brought out right after we sat down. Lightly salted edamame made for a nice light appetizer. Entres: Flavor of the Pad Thai with Shrimp Tempura was excellent and the portion size was generous. Udon noodle soup with chicken tempura was very good as well. Wash it all down with a delicious Thai Tea to have one excellent overall dining experience. Ambiance is minimal but nice. The only reason it's not 5 stars is due to the lack of liquor license. Try it for yourself!
My wife and I eat here almost once a week and just can't get enough. The food is consistently great and you can't beat the service. On our last visit we diverted from the usual and tried the yakisoba noodle chicken and the fried spring roll, and loved every bite. The spring rolls are made fresh and came out super crunchy and yummy. On every visit we always have the salmon sushi/sashimi combination and, as always, it was fresh, delicious, and wonderfully presented. Really happy to have a restaurant like TK around!
This place is great! The wait staff are all super friendly and really try to make sure you are satisfied. All the food was superb as well. My husband and I stuck to the sushi but all the rolls were large, fresh, and delicious. Their specialty rolls are also different  from other sushi places. My roll (Hulk roll) had apple in it which seems like an odd choice but that bite of crisp sweetness played so well with the shrimp and crab. The ginger dressing on the salad is also "the best hands down" that my husband has ever tasted. Perfect combination of sweet and spicy. They also gave us dessert (fried ice cream) on the house without even knowing we were there for my birthday. It was a  cherry on top of a perfect meal.
Customer service was impeccable and the Kiss of the Spider Woman Maki Roll was very tasty. At two star spicy hotness the Tom Yum soup was almost too much to bear but it sure was good. If you're in the area I highly recommend you give this hidden gem a try. You will get a lot of wonderful food at a very reasonable price.
GREAT food! Awesome pricing & nice atmosphere!!! Really want to make this a weekly visit!!!
AMAZING!!!  owner was super friendly.  very fresh, very tasty, very everything!!!  compared to other sushi places that i've eaten at, the rolls are pretty big for a decent price.  Eat here.  you won't regret it :-)
I was craving udon on a cold windy afternoon, and Sushi Time was closed on Sunday, so I was excited to find out about this newly opened place. Owner was very friendly and service was prompt. I had the tempura udon to go (reasonable price - 8.99 for dinner, 7.99 for lunch). The broth was a notch too sweet, but shrimp tempura was delicious, and so was the texture of their noodles. Will be back to check out some roast duck!
Stopped in for the first time and had the spicy tuna roll and the crunchy shrimp tempura roll-- both were excellent! Big rolls and good prices. The employees were very friendly, polite and provided us excellent customer service! The vegetable skewers were perfectly seasoned and super delicious! I'll definitely be back and would recommend it to friends.
Wow! Wow! Wow! This was a very pleasant surprise! My husband & our little boys love sushi. We tried this place and they loved the shashimi, cucumber roll, and Philadelphia roll. I'm not a raw fish eater and neither are our relatives that joined us. I got the grilled platter that was amazing. We also had the ginger pork. YUM!!!!! My relatives had the BBQ chicken and ribeye. They were so impressed. Also the ginger dressing on the salads was so delicious! We all can't wait to go back! The owner was soooo nice! And the service was friendly and efficient.  Very good value as well!  Definitely one to try!!
Me, my wife and my 4 year old went for lunch. When we eat sushi we order more than most people. Everything was fantastic especially the Perfect Storm roll it was like a little bit of everything fantastic, if you like spice this is my recommendation, it was beautiful; and very spicy, but the spice really complimented all of the sweet flavor in the roll, very savory. My little 4 year old girl rarely eats anything but she loved the Miso soup so much she took her mothers bowl. We had a bit of an issue when the  rice we ordered my daughter came after all of the rolls but they made up for it and more by not charging us for the soups and also giving us free fried ice cream. The fried ice cream was absolutely the best fried ice cream I've ever had and I will be saving room for desert when I go back even though Ill be paying for it. The server made it clear that he was very interested in making our experience the best and that he wanted us to return. This is a new place, and its in kind of a weird location but the food quality and fantastic service make it a must try for anyone who loves Japanese food. Even if you don't like Japanese go here after a meal some place else to get the best fried ice-cream you  will ever taste.
Had Massaman curry, the bacon wrapped plate, and 2 rolls of sushi. Awesome is the best way to explain this place. Friendly and delicious!!!
My husband and I were excited to try this place out since its close to home & all the great reviews.  You could tell there would be a wait for our food since there was only 1 server. The woman told us she was just handling drinks when I asked her if the dumplings were fried or steamed. She brought our drinks & we waited a good 20 minutes for someone to take our order. He did and apologized for the wait & offered the miso soup on the house. Nice! Well it never came. After 15 min the woman brought us 2 soups asked if they were ours we said yes then took them away! Said Sorry! Took them to another table. Now i would think they just laddle that out & not have to make each one, but who knows. Then after 15 more minutes my husbands roll came out. Wheres our soups, shumai, dumplings? My roll? Weird. He put it to the side to wait for mine. We got the dumplings & shumia (shumai was fried didnt think it would be) no soups so we cancelled those, then my roll came out.  It was ok. It took almost a hour. They totally seemed in over their heads. When the bill came the woman stood over my husband waiting for the money & while he read it asked if there was a problem. She was so worried about her tip...she wouldve gotten a better one if she worried about the service she gave!
The food here was so good I joined Yelp just to tell everybody!     Generous portions of Japanese and Thai food. Sushi, especially the rolls, was inventive, fresh and beautifully presented. Highly recommend the 'Perfect Storm' and 'Hurricane' rolls. Had Duck and asparagus with mushrooms in a mildly sweet sauce (soooo good sauce!) and served authentically Asian style (a little more boney than some Americans like, but I loved it). Beef Asian Style Soup with rice noodles was filling and served with spices on the side; I was happily crying into my soup after adding the fresh green chili!     Our service was fast and very welcoming. Arrived 2pm on a Wednesday and found 1 other couple dining and a take-out order waiting. It seemed to be just the owner and his wife working.     Teton Kitchen is this couple's first restaurant after successfully operating sushi bars in NYC and Jackson, Wyoming (that's where the name 'Teton Kitchen' came from!). At the moment it is BYOB.     Very convenient to Galleria Mall and the Airport., but worth going out of your way for  from anywhere.
I came here with a group of 19 people. The restaurant wasn't too big but they were able to accommodate us. The owner was very happy to see a large group as well, since they just opened up. The prices weren't too bad, typical Thai and Japanese food prices that you'd find in Buffalo. The food was not bad but there is definitely room for improvement and seeing how they just opened, they'll get there. BUT the sushi is definitely the best out of everything we ordered. We had the Volcano Roll which was pretty good but a little pricey; then again special rolls are always around this price. Overall, it was a nice experience and different atmosphere from other restaurants. The owner seemed to have had a great time as well; he wanted a commemorative photo of the occasion.
yummy food! thai iced tea and fried ice cream were great too! staff was super nice and we had great service from our server. They made sure you were satisfied with everything. Definitely going back and recommending to others!
