Had a great kinda dead now but the man at the metro pcs stand who got my camoflouge case if your reading this your amazing plus we saw a movie into the storm it sucks
Oviedo Mall is weird looking and is so tiny all it has is a Macy's and a SEARS and a Regal Cinemas movie theater
Friendly atmosphere and a few good anchor stores. Staff in Radio Shack is always very helpful! We love the family owned Greek place in the food court :)
Nice mall to bring your kiddies as it is not as crowded than some of the other malls in Orlando. No hustle and bustle of large international crowds in this mall which is nice for small children to walk around. Nice clean area for children to play indoors. Not many stores but the few they have are worth taking a look at.
Hopefully the renovation happening this year will bring in more quality stores and some much needed landscaping. There are still some good stores here including Regal Cinema, Macy's & Dillards anchoring.
The Oviedo Mall is like a well-maintained ghost town. There are reminders of stores that have come and gone, there's an eerie quiet over the whole place, people drift slowly by... OK, a little creepy. But what mall isn't creepy? Go to the Oviedo mall if you want department store items with no crowd, or if you just want a nice air-conditioned stroll. Chamberlins is what I drive out here for. There is a desperate shortage of health food stores in East Orlando.
I haven't been to this mall too many times because it seems the stores they do offer carry limited merchandise. This mall reminds me of the Fashion Square because it's always empty and it seems a bit abandoned.
This mall is usually pretty empty but definitely has potential. Good anchor stores with Macys, Dillards, and Sears. Food court needs some work. They do have a Chick-fil-a though. I have seen the same guy at the Mediterranean Gourmet wearing the same shirt and hat for like 13 years now. You know who I am talking about. The one place definitely keeping the doors open here is the movie theatre. They occasionally host food truck events here. 3 out of 5.
Whether your shopping or hanging out, this mall has everything you need. Although not very big, it has all the stores that malls would usually have clothing, jewelry, electronics, books, department, games etc. While in mall, you can go to the cinema to go and catch a flick. This mall is very nice and quaint. I always enjoy visiting it.
It really hurts me to write a review like this, but I need to tell it like it is. I've seen this mall open with it's humble beginnings, with such promising stores and a great movie theater right in the middle. Yet as the economy has plummeted so has this mall. At it's peak, I would've given this mall either a 4 star no brainer, even closing in on a 5. But so many good stores have closed, and the only good thing that remains is the movie theater. Though the large department stores, Sears, Macy's, and Dillards are still around, most of the stores in between all seem to come and go. Even American Eagle and GAP have left, which is never a good sign. I can name a dozen stores that have closed at the mall, and even the Bed Bath and Beyond has left for a location across the street. Is this a sign of a near close for the mall? (I hope not) This mall, though lacking of stores, still has a pretty good food court. They got the staples, Chick-Fil-A, Subway, a smoothie place, etc. My favorite being Cajun Grill, though I may be biased because I went to school with the owner's son. Also the movie theater, I feel is what is really saving the day. I was so happy to find a nice movie theater within the vicinity of where I live, instead of having to drive down to Altamonte.  Though Altamonte's theater may be better, I feel like this has a more homey feel for me. (I don't know if that makes sense for a movie theater). But watch out for those Friday and Saturday nights, you will be met with a ton of middle school and high school kids lurking around the mall, trying to act all gangsta (well some of them haha). Oh I remember the old days, back in the day when I was a kid... haha let's not go there. Anyways, yes to the theater and the food court, no for the variety of stores at the mall. Plus the mall isn't laid out that well. It's a huge line and in order to get to the store across the mall, you need to well walk ALL the way across, but check out the theaters.
To put it in perspective, this mall is so empty, you can't hear the crowd noise over the ambient music. "Empty" not only of customers, but of stores as well. As one looks around, one can see the desolate remains of cliché mall stores like Hot Topic, American Eagle, Spencer's Gifts, and FYE. There are so many unoccupied storefronts here as to make one uneasy, think of the post-apocalyptic feeling you get when you drive down a stretch of poorly-maintained highway with no other cars and a few street lights out. Easily the worst mall I've ever been to. I don't care if you don't like crowds, that means you don't like American shopping malls. Would not recommend to ANYONE who actually wants to shop. There's a pretty nice cinema here though, it keeps the entire mall in business, in all probability.
My favorite mall of all time. The only downfall is for some reason its had a hard time with stores...the bad economy has made it worse. As far as being comfortable and relaxing...which is what a mall should be. This place is it. Higher end crowd of people. Parking is excellent. Very nice design....movie theater is excellent. The downfall is the stores going away. This then creates less people going. Its a bad circle. If you live in oviedo , come here....buy stuff. So things can go back to normal. I know all the stores are at waterford lakes. But you going there is making it worse. You loose this mall and the entire oviedo community will be screwed if it turns into some other kind of junk. SUPPORT OVIEDO MALL. Even if you just get small stuff....find a reason to go here than elsewhere!!!!!! Again this mall has all the great potential to be the best mall for people who care about a quality crowd and a great environment. Go!!
This mall has been rumored to be closing for several years. But I kind of like the fact that it is small, and a great Regal cinema, and The best Starbucks shop inside its Barnes and Noble store. The Macy's at this location is great, because its never as full as the Fashion Mall Location, its clean, and the associates are very friendly. Yes it gives me anxiety to see sooo many shops closing inside, I.E. "Hecho a Mano" a store from my enchanted Island PR, but it does have all the main stores still intact. Its a great place to go even by yourself to shop, and you feel safe! FYE just closed,, but overall if you need to run in, like I do, and just go inside Sears, or Macys...it is a great Little we mall.
The man behind this mall originally was the worst landlord in Philadelphia (I had just moved from there).  He had so many overgrown lots, it was a shame.  When I heard that he was opening a mall in Oviedo, I was shocked that someone would trust him, and I thought that it would go undeveloped for a very, very, very long time. It opened in 1998 and I was there the first week.  Living 5 minutes' drive from the mall, I was there frequently.  It kept having problems, for whatever reason, but the 22 screen cinema was a draw.  The food court certainly wasn't. I visited today and I was just shocked at how it had deteriorated.  It reminded me of several malls across the country that have fallen, due to the poor economy and the consolidation of Federated Department Stores and May Department Stores. At least, some of the green space is being used for sports practice now and it's more of a community place than it was. I can't help but think that a lot of shopping has shifted to the shopping centers near Dean and Aloma Roads.  Many people are so much more price conscious, even in Oviedo.
As has been said, this mall is pretty small, but the stores are interesting, the skylighting is nice, and what's up with all of the ivy-type plants crawling all over the outside walls? I'm not complaining, I like it...it's just weird. Regal 22 Cinema is inside, as well as a couple of decent restaurants with outdoor patios. You will feel like you are in the middle of nowhere if you are not familiar with Oviedo but if you got trapped there somehow, it wouldn't be a terrible place to die.
This mall is great.  It's never crowded, but it has major department stores when you need them.  It's movie theater is really nice and I'm sure that's what keeps it in business at all.  The theater can get busy, but not the long lines you'll see at Winter Park Village.  The food court added a children's play area within the past few years, so it's a nice place to take your toddler on a hot day.  There aren't as many stores as a typical mall, but it's so much more enjoyable, that I'm willing to give up the options for no stress parking and clear aisles.  They also have a ton of family events that are hosted here, such as the Taste of Oviedo and a few different food truck events.  I love the family focus!
If you live in the Oviedo area I can understand why this Marketplace would be beneficial: plenty of parking, common department stores, a movie theater and a host of popular stores.  But for the rest of Orlando, I can't see anyone making a special trip up here for some quality shopping.   Although the exterior seems a bit dated, the inside is extremely airy and filled with foliage.  There are mock trees throughout the walkway and make for a pleasant experience while you are window shopping.  End to end, the mall is not very long in comparison to Millenia or The Florida Mall.  So if that suits you, it may be a bonus.  Because it's not very lengthy, they do not have an incredibly long store directory nor do they have a second floor.   They do boast a food court, Oviedo Police Department office, Dollar Tree, Victoria's Secret, Ann Taylor Loft, and American Eagle.  I noticed many store fronts remained empty which isn't a good sign and sad to see in a mall that could use it. As I mentioned, it's not a destination for the best shopping but it obviously serves a purpose and most likely will continue to do so.
Ok, it's in oviedo, it is still a under utilized place. But the new management is making good changes. They now have wifi, they have events scheduled, like forth of July,  food trucks etc. they seem to be getting more shops in there. They were looking pretty sad, before the new management, but they seem to have hired a good manager. I think the stores in the mall should really bend over backwards and sell their products at big discount and advertise it like crazy. If they sell products for the same price as other places no one will shop. The regal cinema did a pretty good thing with cheapTuesday's, used to be $5.00 bucks now $6.00 but still pretty good. More deals like that and more customers will come. I swear when bed bath and beyond left, I thought it was all over. I thought crap this place is going to close down soon. Probally become a flea world of Oviedo. Hopefully that won't happen.
A small mall in comparison to other local malls, but under the recent new management, it is clean and some new businesses seem to be trickling in. A good selection of basic stores with a 3 bigger department stores. The Regal movie theater is extremely convenient and an excellent choice to catch a flick. The seats are comfortable and better than other Regal Cinemas.
While the Oviedo Marketplace can be considered more of a hall than a mall, it is a quaint place that offers some good options.  The thing I like the most about the Marketplace is that it is NEVER crowded.  It is a great alternative to the Florida Mall's crowds and even Millenia (but less is offered). The Oviedo Marketplace also has a great movie theater, which is probably the biggest reason I find myself there.  They have plenty of theaters, and it is nice to avoid the juvenile crowds of Waterford Lakes on opening nights.  The food court also offers some good selections.  If you need to take a quick trip to the mall in avoidance of the crowds, try the Oviedo Marketplace.
As much as I love malls and shopping I'm just not a fan of Oviedo Marketplace and I'm not exactly sure why to be honest. There's just something about this place that rubs me the wrong way. For starters, it's not very big and everything seems sort of crammed into this average-sized space. Most of the shops inside, with the exception of the department stores, seem smaller than is usual for a mall. The variety of shops is also lacking a bit. You can find most of the usuals here, but that just doesn't seem like enough in this day and age. As of lately, it seems like a lot of shops have been fading away...thanks to the economy I suppose. Their food court blows. Then again, I'm not a fan of fast food or mall food to begin with. I find it all to be too greasy, lacking flavor and too pricey for what you get. The Ben & Jerry's is the only exception...I'm a sucker for ice cream and all things sweet and sugary. The structure also blows. It's basically a half circle, or seems that way. There's nothing fun or unique about the place and not too much happens here on specials occasions. It's also a mall where locals shops, you won't find too many tourist here, which is a good thing. Being crowded is also NOT how I would describe this mall...another good thing. Overall, it's average. I'll go here if I'm in the area or in search of something specific.
Good news is, you won't have any problem finding a place to park at this mall. This mall has always been going down hill, you still have your big staple department stores, but the mall stores come and go like the wind. It's really turned into a upscale flea market. You got your perfume shop, your tattoo shop, some weird asian clothes store, cash for gold, eyebrow threading, and some other stores.   All the typical stores that were there originally... Spencers, FYE, Bed Bath and Beyond, Kirklands, Hot Topic (joined later), Gap, American Eagle are all gone. Victoria's secret, Bath and Body Works, Sunglass Hut, are still there last time I checked. I don't go there just to browse, you pretty much browse past a bunch of empty stores.I'll be making a trip there soon because they have Ashton's photography studio, I'll update if there's been any good stores put in. :D I don't know why this mall fails, it's not a bad location and it's very close for the oviedians, it just never has been sucessful. P.S. The Oviedo mall started hosting FOOD TRUCK RALLYs. It won't bring me inside the mall but probably to the parking lot :D
Always clean and they seem to be spending an awful lot of money on the new entrance, regal movie theater is good value on Tuesdays. Regular food truck events are a newish feature. Their 4th July event was great also. Not exactly a destination in itself (yet!) but we try to support it as it is the closest mall to home.
This mall is awesome - if you're not in the mood to engage in any sort of actual commerce. Aside from the old Regal Cinemas, this mall really doesn't have much to offer. The anchor stores have withstood the test of time, but the spaces in between are largely vacant. I don't have any hard numbers, but a quick SWAG is that maybe 40% of the available storefronts are actually occupied by businesses. I'd really like to know how this place is still open.
I have been coming to the Oviedo Mall since they first opened. While the days of it being a slam packed mall are memory since Waterford Lakes opened it does still have some great options for shopping. My biggest gripe is the amount of empty store fronts. When you add this to the desolate crowd scape you might feel like you are a part of some zombie apocalypse movie. I am also not a huge fan of some of the flea market like store moving in. I suppose beggars can't be choosers when I just complained about empty stores. The new management is working to drum up business and I am hopeful they can turn it around.
Small mall offers only a few stores but has a decent food court and movie theater.
Yet another review for the Oviedo Marketplace (now known as the Oviedo Mall).  They've gotten rid of even more stores since I was there last.  They closed Hot Topic, PacSun and many other stores.  But, they still have the Barnes & Noble, Dollar Tree (a plus in a mall today), two salons (Regis and Mastercuts), Sears, Dillard's and Macy's and a typical food court, which includes Chick-fil-A and Subway as the main chain restaurants.  They also have a jewelry repair shop.  While at the mall, I was able to get my hair cut, my watches fixed and get some necessities at Dollar Tree.  I might go again today, because I didn't get a chance to go through the whole mall last weekend, as I got there about an hour before closing.
its quiet and relatively small but then again oviedo isnt really on many people's maps. its on mine cause life's journey led me there. the marketplace fits me just right. has almost all the stores i needed 'cept for NY&Co. impressive foodcourt for a small mall. and a movie theater. unfortunately these days, the teen crowd has found this place soooo if you wanna escape them, do all your mallin' before 4pm. the thing that's the best feature to me is the countless jasmine vines and  flowers you walk by at amost every entrance. it makes the whole atmosphere pleasant.
