Aldi advertises low prices and good quality groceries, and they definitely deliver.  Yes you do have do pay 25 cents for a shopping cart (you get it back when you return the cart) and bring your own bags, but that's how they keep the low prices.  If you're looking for variety, then this place is probably not for you as they have only a couple types of each food item.  For example, take your pick from two types of almond milk - original and vanilla.   The grocery chain has its own brand of products.  Some of the products that I quite enjoy are the vanilla almond milk, mixed nuts, bagged spinach, and cheese.  They also have hazelnut dark chocolate (with whole hazelnuts) which is delicious and a brand of $3 wine that is actually pretty decent.  There are some products that they do not sell or are seasonal, so you'll have to make a trip to your big box store for those items. The Aldi type of shopping experience actually works better for me as fewer products make the decision making easier.  I also don't have to worry about scrambling for coupons as the prices are all very reasonable.
Home of low prices on their own store brands.  Very few national brands.  This is their business model.  Aldi will only carry the top selling items that a home would consume.  Like everything else, know your prices.  Since Aldi is a based out of Belgium, they will have a lot of  products made in Germany. I tried the store brand of wine, not bad for $2.98 a bottle.  Check it out.  I know I start my grocery shopping here then move on to other places to find items Aldi does not have. If you want to save money on your food bill, give Aldi a try!!
This place is genius!  Most people don't get the concept and practically every time I go there is someone who is confused by their business model.   Yup, no bags are provided to the customer.  Yes, you do have to deposit a quarter to get a cart and sorry, no deli and minimal staff on the premise. OH MMM GEE!  The horror! By forgoing the bags and such, the company is providing the lowest possible cost to the consumer.  Sure, you probably haven't heard of the brands they offer but most mimic the well known brands pretty well.  As an added bonus, they offer have a "fit n healthy" line that caters to the more health conscious (aka me!). I wouldn't recommend purchasing ALL of your groceries from Aldi, but most of the essentials are available and approved by moi :)   This particular location is pretty new and clean and although they only have one cashier, I usually get through the line faster than at Publix or other stores. So, don't forget to bring your own bags (you shouldn't use plastic bags anyways!) and be prepared to save A LOT of money if you do it right :)  Oh, and they also don't allow for credit card purchases (debit is ok) - again, another way they're able to save us money!
This is a copy cat combination of Wal-Mart and Winn-Dixie put in to a 7-11, the stores are so small that there meats come in frozen and they don't have a deli department or a bakery and the only kind of bread they sell is your normal bread like Wonder bread and you have to pay for your bags and for your shopping cart plus no one to bag your grocery's or take you to your car pretty much you have to do it all here except for ring up your own grocery's. This company seems like a cheap organization that only wants to save money by not hiring anyone and not having anyone working that explains why there is no Deli or bakery or meat department and only two registers open up, what stroke me the most is how they allow there employees to sit down while working that is just plain funny they might as well give them a couch to. There prices are not cheap like other people think just because they have that logo of cheap "grocery's" that does not mean they are actually cheap if you look closely there milk is priced the same at Publix actualy it is cheaper at Publix and  so is there eggs plus you cant find things that you find in other places such as Publix and what makes this place look even more bad is that there merchandise (dry grocery's) are in pallets...NO SHELFS plus you cant find most name brands like at Publix and there own name brand is never been heard of here so why trust it if it is not well known , it cant get any more worse then having big ugly blue pallets sitting there and i saw no produce in this store . over all i would not  trust to buy anything here because if the meat is frozen it probably has been out for a while before it was shipped and nothing here is fresh.
It's not as large as a regular supermarket.. they carry a fair selection of good foods, their fruits are normally not bad. However my biggest complaint by far.. is the wait at the check out. I've complained about Walmarts but at least the Super and Market Walmarts in my area also offer the self check out which I often use.. Aldi has four or five lanes and I have always seen just ONE cashier. If you know your longest lines will be when people are heading home (5pm till 630) it's logical to have two or three ready to go. It's highly frustrating and off putting to me.
I cook a lot of my food from scratch, and the bulk of my groceries come from Aldi. You can't beat the prices for pantry staples, and fresh produce is usually priced better than anywhere else. The staff is usually very busy, and I've never seen more than two registers open at once, but they move lines very quickly.
People make fun of Aldi's but I am saving money and have carefully compared the products I buy there, with those at Publix. I don't buy premade freezer foods, so can't compare that. I paid 1.99 for milk the other day and it was 3.69  at Publix. Tomatoes on the vine- 1.99... I believe they were 3.49 at Publix, exact same 'brand'. Just look very carefully at the fruits & veggies, you will be fine.  The cheeses are good and cheaper. Love the hummus. Regular yogurt is good. Have even changed to their coffee ( we mix a decaf & regular for our own 1/2 caff. Oh the powder coffee creamers are good too. There is a greek Grandessa dressing I love and use as a marinade too. the sugar is cheaper, and taste like sugar, imagine that. bread is good too. The  only meat I have bought is  the Appleton spiral cut ham was very good ( didn't use the glaze, make my own) ( I usually stock up on Winn & Dixie meats, that is all that place is good for, ha) Okay, you get the idea....I see all kinds of people in there, and actually it's more pleasant that Wal Mart. I have always had the employees be courteous to me, even when they are packed busy. Bring a quarter for a cart, and bags...you can usually find a box if you forget.
