I love ziplining! It's awesome..This course was great. I highly recommend doing both the Up line 1 and 2 course package. The 2nd course has 3 long ziplines. The only thing that sucks when you go is getting stuck behind slow people because you can't pass them. Other than that it was fantasmic! next place to zipline is...
I love discovering fun places around town that don't involve the theme parks or the hectic touristy side of town. Sanford is an easy quick drive from Orlando, and there's no hassle of insane tourist traffic or paying $20.00+ for parking. ZoomAir, at the Sanford Zoo is a great way to spend the day. We chose the Upland and Rainforest courses, which were both fun and challenging. You must have sneakers in order to participate, and I suggest wearing comfortable workout-type clothes, as you are wearing a harness the entire time, and there is a lot of climbing involved. I liked that the instructors give you a crash course on what to do, and then let you go. They are on the ground if you need anything, but they are not overbearing, and allow you to go at your own pace. We really enjoyed the various challenges of the courses, from climbing shaky ladders and walking across tightropes to ziplining across the course. It is definitely a challenge to repel yourself off the platform, but so much fun! The courses are canopied by huge trees, so make sure to stop and enjoy the scenery. Plus, they keep it from getting too hot! This would be a fun spot for a team building project, or even a kid's birthday party, as they also have a children's course.
The course itself is pretty awesome.  Challenging, exciting, and scary all.  However, two drawbacks:  1) a majority of the people working there are obviously tired of the routine as they speak their spiel in record time causing those who have never done this before to possibly miss important steps and 2) don't get thirsty.  The only concession stand is in the zoo and they make you buy entrance to the zoo to get a coke, even though you've just spent $51 to do the course.  Great customer service...NOT!
We had a blast!!! What an amazing experience. Kyle the man that helped us was great. He made us feel safe and made sure we were having fun. I loved how we were able to go at our own pace. We would stop take pictures and enjoy the moment (we were the only ones in the course at the time so we had that luxury). I recommend gym attire, bug spray and a camera. It will send test you limits and make you have faith in yourself! We had an last would do it again!
A great find in the small city of Sanford. It is a fun way to spend your day getting your share of thrills. There's 2 adult courses that give you a work out and even a kids course for the little. It's a great buy and the annual pass is a great deal too. A must go!
Did Upland and Rainforest. Had a great time, and saved some money by using groupon. Great way to spend 4 or 5 hours of your day. My fiance and I have done ziplines in other cities and this is comparable. Just make sure you volunteer for the front of the line so your not waiting behind other slower climbers.
Zipping climbing and jumping Zoomair Adventure Park is located next to the Sanford Zoo but is a separate business and requires a separate admission to get in.  The main feature in the ads are ziplines but it is much more than that. There are three different courses, an easy one for kids, a shorter course called the upland and the longer rain forest one.  Since this was our first time we decided on the upland course.  All three have a different admission charge but you can combine the unpland and the rain forest. The course starts with some instructions from a guide.  It's a lot of info to assimilate at first with all kind of hooks and thingies that have to be put into the proper places at the proper time but it is quite intuitive and after a few obstacles it becomes pretty easy.  The guide isn't actually up in the trees with you but follows you along on the ground and makes sure you do it right so you don't fall to your death.   The course is actually quite safe unless you are an idiot and don't follow instructions.  You have two safety lines on at all times and you spend a good deal of time hooking and unhooking these damn things.  Actually quite annoying and I would prefer if they let you keep them off in places.  After all I can climb a ten foot ladder without falling off but I do understand the need to keep it as safe as possible for insurance reasons. You climb up into the trees and cross shaky wooden bridges, rope lines, bouncing nets and other cool things.  The upland course has 4 ziplines and they are all quite short but still fun.  The rain forest course has longer and faster ones but they still aren't all that long.  The problem is that Florida doesn't have any hills so all the lines have to be started from trees or platforms.  The zips in the NE or out west can be located at the top of a hill so you can zip for a long, long way at a very, very fast speed. This course was actually more tiring and challenging than I thought.  It gives your hands, legs and back a workout but it is fun and stimulating and we look forward to trying the rain forest course.  You don't have to be an athlete to do it but you do have to be aware that you have to do the climbing and crawling through the trees yourself and that requires some energy and balance. I felt like a lemur by the time I came down. This is definitely something different and will either make you smile or scare the living crap out of you.
Love this place.  My only reason for taking off a star really isn't their fault, but is something I think they could try to fix. When we were there last time, the time it took to do the briefing was unbearably long.  I wish they could have a "license" type thing so that those of us who know what the rules are and what we need to do, don't have to waste 30 minutes on waiting for a big group of people on their first time through. (most likely an insurance thing but it really eats into your time)  Also It is very annoying to stand and wait for 2 kids, doing the course without their parents, to nerve up and jump off the platform for a zip line.  Now I know that isn't zoom air's fault, but it is something that detracts from an otherwise great experience. (so FYI)  There are many different "games" and beautiful scenery to enjoy while doing it.  The first half of the course (I think that is called upland and the 2nd more difficult half is called rain forest, but I may be switching them) is low enough to the ground that you can easily follow and speak to the people up in the course.  It is fun to see all the people walking in to the zoo look up and make encouraging comments.  (Wow you are brave!,  That looks like fun. Is it scary?  etc...) As far as zip lines, the price is pretty reasonable.  $28 for the 3/4-1.5 hour upland includes several small zip lines and you can add the 2 big ones for $12.  It is under the canopy of the the trees, so even in the horrible heat, you are at least in the shade.  On those gorgeous days, it is an amazingly fun thing to do.  The staff has always been helpful and friendly.  There is also a kids course (for those under 54" tall). The first half is really for young children, and is barely off the ground; the second half of the kids course is higher and concludes with a zip swing.  Apparently the insurance companies think that if you are under 54" tall you are unable to handle a complicated machine like a pulley:)
