On past trips to Buffalo, I never got to try Suzy-Q's because the sign on the door would say they were all out of food.  Bummer. This time I was smart, I ordered the day before!  And when I got there the food was waiting for me to take home. The ribs were perfectly smoked, meaty and thick, and both the regular and spicy sauces were clearly house made.  Loved that the meat stays on the bone and is not mushy like some places, but comes off easily off the bone with each bite. Winner! For sides we got Mac and Cheese, beans, and corn bread, all tasty, the best being the beans. But I am saving the best for last... the smoked Polish Sausage... drool worthy.  So juicy and smokey, and addictive!  So glad I added some to my order! Will be a must go on every trip to Buffalo in the future, making sure to call the day before to place my order! **CASH ONLY**
I made my first venture down to the Riverside area to pick up dinner from Suzy Q's Barbecue Shack. After hearing so many good things about it and the fact that I was hungry for some good ribs I decided to try it.  I had my cash on hand since they don't take credit cards. (they do have an ATM on hand if you need to get cash while you're there.) Well first of all i'll say that I am stuffed and I still have a little of everything left (except for the mac and cheese and fried corn).   Tomorrow for dinner? Suzy Q's! When I got there I was told there was only a 1/2 rack of ribs left and since it was one of the things i went down there for, I said "SOLD!". I wanted to get the two meat combo with chicken and ribs (ribs have an additional charge for being a substitute meat in the combo), but since that would have only been a 3rd of a rack in the combo I said just give me the half rack and I'll take sausage in the combo along with the chicken.  Best idea Ever!!  The sausage was great, tender and meaty. The chicken thighs were very tender and flavorful and i have to say that the ribs were the best that I've had in this area.  And like I said, I still have some left!  I hope I don't get hungry later because that may ruin my dinner plan for tomorrow. The service was good, friendly ans hospitable. No complaint there at all.  the place was clean which I really appreciate. The only reason i can't give five stars is despite knowing ahead of time that they sometimes run out of things, I believe when you're in the food service industry you have to find a way to keep food in stock and not think that just because you warned people that you may be out of something that means it's ok.  Had I shown up a 1/2 hour later, this might have been an entirely different review talking abut how I wanted ribs and they didn't have any even though it's on the menu and you still are open for another 6 hours. Fortunately I didn't have to go that route.  She did say that they are working on a plan to fix this issue. Bottom line is the food was really tasty and i look forward to my next trip there to try something different...well maybe not THAT different (Those ribs were GOOD!).
My fiancé mentioned Fat Bob's for dinner, so i suggested Suzy Q's instead since it's been on my to-try list for a while. We went early on a friday night, arriving around 6pm. It was pretty empty with only about 2 tables with patrons. The staff was very friendly, with Suzy being one of them. It's cash-only so bring cash! or they have an atm on site if you want to pay the extra fees. Now, I feel badly for only giving this place 3 stars since i have read so many good reviews. And i will give it another try, hoping that it will change my mind. I understand that some items are limited and can be sold out, but we were there at 6pm!!!!! They were out of ribs, brisket, fried corn and hot dogs, all of which (minus the hot dog) were what I had planned on ordering. But, we were already there, so we went with the flow. To start off, they didn't have much of a beer selection. They had rusty chain, blue, and one blue light left. Another thing that bothered me was that absolutely everything was disposable. All plates were styrofoam, plastic forks and knives and cups... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! I'm no environmentalist buy any means, but come on... Onto the food...we both got the 2 meats with 2 sides combo, pulled pork and the smoked sausage for our meats, with greens and sweet potato stix for my sides, and mac and cheese and creamy coleslaw for my fiance's. We also got the garlic pods loaded (basically just cheesy garlic bread on a little bread roll) - they were ok, nothing spectacular. My sides were very good - the greens was flavorful and just melted in my mouth, the sweet potato stix were nice and crispy and came with a butter/honey dipping sauce. I tried the mac and cheese (browned on top and a little dry - which i liked but my fiancé prefers more creamy and cheesy), and coleslaw (which again, i liked cause it wasn't drenched in sauce, but my fiancé prefers a lot of sauce). My plate of pulled pork was a little dry. I understand that I was supposed to add my own sauce to it to make it moist - which i did. But i have to say that i make a pretty damn pulled pork myself, so i wasn't that impressed - except the "smokey flavor" was nice. The smoked polish sausage had a nice flavor to it, but I have been spoiled with this special polish sausage that my fiancé's family gets from St.Catharines, Ontario that is super lean and awesome... so Suzy's sausage just seemed fatty (although, again, had a good smokey flavor). So, we are looking forward to returning soon to sample their ribs and brisket, and hopefully I'll be able to add another star or two to my current review!
I've traveled all over this great country during the past 79 year and "Suzy-Q's" is The best all around pulled pork, ribs and brisket I've ever had. It's fresh daily and the service is outstanding. All of my out of town visitors agree. Even the honey corn bread is a delight. Bill Geary
Ordered "to go" the smokehouse style smoked turkey sandwich and it was great.  Cornbread and mac 'n' cheese were both excellent. Bring cash, no credit/debit cards. If you're fan of southern style BBQ you have to check this place out. If you're into health food or couting calories/carbs then you might want to stay away from this place.
I can't say enough about how satisfied I feel when I leave Suzie Qs. Try the Smoke house style Pulled Pork sandwich and know you will not be disappointed.  It's a humble looking place where the charm is in the staff and the food. Never had an issue in the 20 or so times I have eaten their food.
This place originally was named "Sudoku BBQ", and served nothing but BBQ Noodles and BBQ Sushi, with BBQ Saki to wash it down. This was tremendously unpopular with the Riverside locals, who are at least 98% Chinese and not particularly fond of Japanese stuffs. So naturally, the place had to adapt, and adapt they did. They decided to forego the masses of Chinese (mainly Cantonese) people in the region and Americanize themselves. So they put a huge Statue of Liberty on the roof, a large Pink Cadillac permanently in the parking lot, and changed their name to "Suzy Q's" which is a play on "Sudoku" but more "Buddy Holly" than "Crossword Puzzle." None of what I just said is true. I think I have a new favourite BBQ place in WNY. This place is amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing. Yes Kentucky Gregs has amazingly good Pulled Pork and Garlic Toast, but across the board, Suzy Q's is absolutely phenomenal. They're also extremely cheap... I got enough food to last me 3 days for about $21. Muy fantastico. I haven't tried any of their sides yet, although I will next time. I did have the Pulled Pork, and it wasn't quite as fantastic as Kentucky Greg's but it was definitely very juicy, tender, and good. The BBQ sauce is also excellent, there's a sweet version and a hot version... both are tangy and both are absolutely delicious on any of the meats. Another thing I liked is the Homemade Sweet Tea. It's very similar to a lot of the tea you'll find in the South, and it definitely hits the spot. If it's a bit too tea-y for you, water it down, and if that doesn't work, the tea at Cracker Barrel (a chain, boo), is similar but much more watery and less tea-y (my word). I also tried their Garlic Pod, which is like a mini portion of Cheesy Garlic Bread for under $1 (another example of their incredible pricing). And it was delicious. I got their Salty Pig pie because it's their specialty, and I can see why some people don't like it, it's not a very typical BBQ dish and is very much a mish-mash of everything (sort of like a BBQ style Garbage Plate)... because it is very cheesy and with the salsa and all the potatoes in there as well, it didn't look like it would be something I would go for. But with the inclusion of the excellent beans and the delicious pulled pork, and with their magnificent BBQ sauce smothered all over it, it was nothing short of fantastic. I enjoyed every bite and it lasted for days. The Smoked Polish Sausage is a lot of people's favourite and I can see why. It's absolutely delicious... very heavily smoked and incredibly flavourful... it shoots hot wet delicious juice out of it and into your mouth as you bite into it. And what's more it's enormous (possibly even bigger than my own.... possibly), and even more impressively, the bread it comes on (which is a large roll that can barely accommodate it) is absolutely delicious too... very fresh and tasty in and of itself. A nice additional surprise. Best of all were the ribs. I've heard both good and bad things about these ribs, but my word, they are not just good, they are grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat. Definitely the best ribs I've ever had in WNY (not even a competition, they're miles ahead), a very delicious, rich, smoky taste, a huge portion that will satisfy even the heartiest appetites... not too wet to be jelly-like, and not too dry to be anything other than tender and juicy. Perfect! And an honourable mention goes to the sweet tea lollipops they have by the register, which are sold separately. Those are absolutely deliciousness! Deliciousness can be used in that context, I have deemed it to be so.
Everything we tried here was excellent! (And I'm from Texas, so I consider myself somewhat of an expert on the subject of BBQ.) We particularly liked the cornbread and that there were different sauces to choose from on the table. My sister, a vegetarian, was able to find plenty to eat and her kids loved the Mac & Cheese and the sausage. We will definitely be coming back during my next visit!
The service by Suzy herself! She has to be the sweetest lady I have met. Her hubby works the back of the house and she works front of the house. She was all for explaining things, which we didn't need, but would be mighty helpful for those lost In the menu. Both the ribs and chicken were cooked perfectly and the family all enjoyed their 3 sauces. Though the Mac n cheese was too dried out for our liking Suzy took it right off the tab no questions asked. We didn't even need to ask her to, she just did when we didn't want to box it. Great customer service as a lot of places seem to argue this. You can just tell this is the real deal kind of family owned place. I have nothing against chains.... Just not quite the same. This is certainly the place in Buffalo if looking for a Ma and pa joint. We will definitely be back. Ps-- If they are out of something, its just that popular. Early bird gets the worm. And yes bring cash!! Though an atm is there for your convenience.
Loved this place!  Hole in the wall but the smoker smell drew us right in. After living in Maine for a month our mid-west family was thrilled to eat great BBQ. Highly recommend the Piggie Pie and Heavenly Hog. Also the cornbread made my 5 kids believers!
I wanted to place a catering order, but the catering menu isn't on the website. I called, and Sue let me know that they don't actually maintain the website (she said it was created by a friend who has since passed, and unfortunately she can't get into it). So, I just wanted to post what she told me they have here in case it's helpful to anyone else: CATERING MENU - PRICES AS OF 2/26/2014 Brisket - $16.95/lb. Pork, turkey, polish sausage - $10.25/lb. Chicken thighs - $2/piece Spare ribs - $23.95/full rack Half-Pan Sides - $19.95 each Baked beans Coleslaw Mac and cheese Baked potato quarters rubbed with salt and smoked butter Cornbread - $8.95 for a half-sheet (20 small pieces), $15 for a full sheet (20 large pieces) Yum!
Fried corn is my favorite!  I've never been disappointed with a visit and I've tried many of the menu choices. Kid friendly place too.  I've gone with my 2 year old nephew a couple times and he loves it.
So you want BBQ. You think Kentucky Greg's (which is great), Dino (which does not disappoint), and Fat Bob's (often so-so). But you should be thinking this place. Like the man says, there is BBQ until it's gone, and then they close. I have been here a few times, and lucky me I have visited when they are doing a Bourbon and BBQ tasting. You should be salivating. Get here when you can.
Hands down the best BBQ in the area. It gets overlooked though because it's not in a well traveled area and doesn't have the commercial name appeal of some of the other BBQ joints in WNY. Fat Bob's has been continuously slacking, Kentucky Greg's and Dino BBQ are good, but Suzy Q's feels and tastes more like a Southern BBQ joint you'd get if you were traveling the south. Prices are really reasonable, but they don't take credit cards so bring cash or there's an ATM on site. Super friendly people, no frills, great food, quirky memorabilia on the wall and the blues playing. I don't know why more people don't vote for Suzy Q's as best BBQ in the area because it is leaps and bounds above the competition.
Easily Buffalo's best BBQ. Don't go late if you want to try something, as they'll run out of menu items towards the end of the day. I think this place may be some of the best bang for your buck in Buffalo - great BBQ that's a fraction of the cost of dinosaur.
Taste: 4/5 Quality: 5/5 Finding good, quality BBQ in Buffalo is tough to come by. Famous Dave's and Greg's Kentucky BBQ come to mind, but after seeing all the positive reviews for Suzy Q's BBQ Shack I had to check it out for myself. Suzy Q's is a no frills kind of joint located on the west side of Buffalo, close to Tonawanda off of interstate-190 on Niagara st. I arrived early in the lunch hour rush with ample room inside the restaurant. I was greeted and seated promptly. I've been to many BBQ restaurants all over the country (North Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Florida, New England, Georgia to name a few). One quintessential item that I use to gauge BBQ is the pulled pork. So I ordered the two meat plate with pulled pork, ribs, with a side of cole slaw. The plate arrived piled with 4 huge pork ribs atop pulled pork and slaw. The ribs had a well spiced crust with just the right amount of sauce - I'm not a huge fan of meat drenched in sauce common in some BBQ places. Although, the ribs didn't have the "fall off the bone" tenderness. The pulled pork was juicy, tender, and was served without sauce. The pork wasn't stringy like other restaurants. It was basically straight from the giant pork shoulder/butt and served on a plate. 3 sauces are at the tables to help complement the flavor of the food. You have a sweet sauce, a spicy sauce, and the north carolina sauce which is a vinegar-based sauce. The difference between the first two were subtle but appreciated. The north carolina sauce had a thin consistency which squirted forcefully off my plate and onto the table (caution when using this sauce as it may stain clothes). Overall, I think Suzy's serves up fresh BBQ fare that is among the best in town. Just make sure to ask for extra napkins.
The best BBQ comes from small shacks, not big franchised chains, not even regional favorites like Dinosaur.  Suzy Q's is more proof of this.  Skip the piggy pie and focus on the solid, core items like the smoked sausage and pulled pork.  The sausage has a caramelized sweetness unlike any other I've had.  Bring cash, although you won't need much of it since the prices are very reasonable.
this place is truly a gem. Been eating here for a few yrs. now and I love it every time. Love their pulled pork, corn bread slaw. I always call first to see what they're out of.
Yelpers, you did not steer me wrong here! Wow this place blew me away.  Forget Dinosaur BBQ or the other big names; Suzy Q's is where it's at. I had the meat combo with pulled pork, polish sausage, mac n cheese and sweet potato "stix." Pulled pork = tender and delicious.  Served dry (no sauce), allowing you to sample Suzy's 3 sauces.  I could not pick a favorite sauce - all were perfect with different flavors for different tastes. Polish sausage = cooked perfectly.  Caramelized and sweet.  I don't really like sweet flavors with meat but if you do, you will love this! Mac n cheese = despite being full, I could have ordered a second helping.  Browned on top and absolutely amazing. Sweet potato stix = I'm not always a fan of sweet potato fries.  But these were unbelievable.  Crispy and full of flavor.  Served with a side of melted honey butter which was such a great alternative to just plain honey that some places serve. Another great feature of this restaurant is the fact that you can be waited on by Suzy herself, while her friendly, cheerful husband works the smoker in the back room.  I felt like I had been welcomed into their home.  I love the "mom n pop" feel. I can't wait to go back!!!
Best barbecue in the city of Buffalo the ribs are terrific. Sweet potato fries are crispy and with honey butter sauce..  Barbecue beans are tasty and delicious. I would give Suzie Q's 10 stars not five.
A top contender for best BBQ in Buffalo. Suzy Q's runs out of stuff because it makes stuff on a daily basis and doesn't let it sit around endlessly.  It doesn't carry sweet tea because it's a divey little place in Black Rock, not trying to recreate some sort of full-on Southern experience. With that out of the way, here are two pointers: 1. If you order the piggie pie or something similar with lots of starch, and it's lunchtime, you will be stuffed & sleepy by 2:30.  It doesn't matter how much you eat, or which size you order - this stuff will induce a nap. 2. Suzy Q's smoked Polish sausage could very well be one of the best menu items in all of WNY.  I kid you not, this stuff is gold. Generally, I order a two meat heap with a side of fresh homemade slaw. The slaw is creamy and rich, and really all the side dish you need. I will generally get the pulled pork, which is tender and moist, and the aforementioned sausage. Have I mentioned the sausage is gold? The brisket isn't bad, either, but really, you can't go wrong with what I've outlined above. Unlike some other BBQ places in WNY *cough*FatBobs*cough*, Suzy Q's doesn't pre-sauce your meat. There's a sweet and a hot BBQ sauce on your table, and you're freed to sauce it up any way you'd like. Or not. Up to you. That's a nice touch, and indicative of a place that knows it's serving up great food. No beer, wine. No credit - cash only, although there is an ATM inside that probably charges through the nose for a transaction.
Was there on a Saturday for lunch and was told that they were out of chicken and Turkey plus the fried corn. How do you decide it's better to tell your customers that your out of 2 of the major meats on your menu and one of the sides than to just order more from your supplier or just go to the store and BUY MORE?  I am a firm believer that if your a restaurant selling food , you should NEVER have to(or feel it's ok to) tell your customers that your out of food. It was my first time there and it will be my last. First impressions are everything!!
Suzy Q's is quintessential Buffalo -- authentic, well prepared food made with love and served up in a no frills corner of town.  yes, Suzy Q's may look like a dumpy little shack from the outside, but i assure you that what awaits your hungry little gullet is pure southern BBQ heaven. my sexy beast and i ventured over to this nondescript Riverside joint looking for yummy, quality BBQ, and we were pleasantly surprised to have found it here at Suzy Q's.  this establishment, obviously run by a family venture, operates like an authentic southern BBQ joint in that food is prepared daily, and once its gone, its gone.  thankfully, we arrived right before the dinner rush and were treated to a full Suzy Q's menu. the man and i both chose the pulled pork sandwich with our own array of homemade sides.  having our own pork smoking experience, we knew what we were looking for here:  a nice pink smoke ring evident at the edge of the pork shreds, evidence of a good brine and rub, and a sultry smoke flavor in some tenderly pulled pork butt.  we were both thrilled to have found all of the above personified in this lovely little pile of meat on a very appropriately dense hard roll.  the sauces for fixing are homemade as well, and include a Carolina style vinegar based sauce, a milder KC style sauce, as well as a spicier KC sauce.  we sampled all three and found each to our liking, but both couldn't get enough of the spicier KC blend.   the sides shine just a tad less here, with a rather bland but still very sufficient and well concocted mac and cheese (a BBQ staple i almost insist upon, though Suzy Q's version could use a sharper cheese and a tad more salt), a phenomenal cole slaw that had just the right tang and wasn't sopping in its own juices, and sweet potato fries that were clearly frozen fare, but still adequate (i can understand a place like this going the frozen french fry route due to time limitations and ease of prep).  this place would have been granted five stars if the french fry and sweet potato fry options were fresh cut and fresh made, but the homemade bread and butter dill pickles and the crispy, honey topped cornbread that melted in the man's mouth almost made up for it ;) we highly endorse this slice of Southern BBQ heaven right here in Buffalo, and we advise you to go early and bring your cash because plastic is not accepted here (ATM in corner will have you covered).  the staff is fantastic -- warm, knowledgeable, and prompt.  we can't wait to go back to sample more...
What a fabulous place!  The service was so good here and we felt so well treated. The beef brisket was the best have had and the smoked turkey had a great flavor too.  I am looking forward to returning so I can try many of the other delicious looking items.
You could easily drive by this place and not realize it's a restaurant. It is cash only. But the food was phenomenal. Definitely the best BBQ I've had in Buffalo. The pulled pork and smoked sausage were delicious. Highly recommended and I will be going back!
Best Barbeque joint in town IMO. Suzy and her husband really know what they're doing when it comes to their smokey delicious meats. Pure heaven. It's a little hole in the wall on the edge of Riverside but don't let that stop you from coming in for some pulled pork, ribs or chicken. We usually do takeout and make sure to bring cash with you. Suzy doesn't do credit cards. She has taken care of me every time time i've been in there. It's nice to see an owner invested and taking pride in their company. Anyways my favorite item on the menu is called the Salty Hog which is a delicious mess of Buttered salt potatoes covered in pulled pork, baked beans, slaw, cheese and salsa. they make a variation with fries instead of the salt potatoes called the Piggie Pie. I fell like the fires make the already indulgent meal a little bit too much. Closed on Monday and cash only as earlier stated. You want some real Southern style barbecue look no further...it's definitely not at Smokey Bones or Famous Dave's it's at Suzy's Little shack in Riverside. Go grab your family a meal tonight.
Don't let the paper plates and canned pop fool you--this place had amazing-AMAZING barbeque.  Delicious cornbread too.  If you're going in a bigger group or have your heart set on a specific meal, try to call a few days in advance an make reservations/place an order.  Their barbeque process here takes days, so when they run out of a menu item, they run out.  The menu also says they close early when they run out of food, but I don't know how often that happens. I'm pretty sure they do take out, and I know they cater too.
Best BBQ I've ever had! The pulled pork sandwich was unbelievable- the pork was tender and moist and the roll was perfect. I also loved the true small town feel of the restaurant. I will definitely be visiting Suzy's regularly!
Well, Jerod L. and I were supposed to go to Brickyard, but decided to go to Suzy Q's because I was driving my car that day and I wanted to drive to the closer restaurant because I'm asian and cheap and didn't want to waste gas. Just kidding! But anyway, let's talk about what they don't have because that's exactly how they started off talking to us. Not quite a good start according to me. But they didn't have smoked turkey, chicken, fire and ice pickles and their fish would take a while. So we got the four meats with 2 sides - 2 portions of pulled pork, 1 beef brisket and 1 polish sausage. So, Chinese people make soup by extracting the goodness out of the stuff we put in it and we drink the broth. The pulled pork looked exactly like the leftover pork from Chinese soup. Tasted just like it too! Tasteless. Wth? It was like boiled pork - seriously. The beef brisket was no better - I thought the texture was like beef jerky - something really looked wrong with the pattern on the meat. And the sausage was the best part for sure. Pretty tasty. The mac and cheese was pretty decent too until you find the puddle of oil at the bottom. Anyway, it took them forever to get the food - might as well have ordered the fish right? Never mind, I'm not coming back. The food is a no go.
I love Suzy Q's Lil'Hogger plate!   BBQ, baked beans, salt potato, cheese and salsa....yummy.   The owner's are so friendly, I go whenever I get to Buffalo and take friends with me.
It doesn't get any better barbeque than this.  I've been coming here for a few years now, and I have never been disappointed with any meal.  The only usual disappointment is when they run out of what you want!  The smoked polish sausage and fried corn are always my go to meals because they are literally amazing.  I usually order the two meats + one side, and I alternate the second meat.  I tried the brisket yesterday which is was delicious, but I usually go for the chicken or pulled pork.  Everything is made from scratch (sauces, sides, and all) so the quality is unmatched.  The meats are always tender, juicy, and flavorful.  The North Carolina barbeque sauce is my favorite.  It is a vinegar based sauce, which I had never heard of, but it is loaded with smokey spices and flavors, and it makes everything even more delicious.  The fire and ice pickles (which are these spicy pickles) are always a go-to side when they are out of the fried corn.  The fried corn is not actually fried.  It's like sauteed corn in a spicy and smokey sauce, and it is out of this world.  But then again, EVERYTHING there is out of this world.  I'm drooling just writing this review! I recall one time a year or two ago when I went in the afternoon with some friends and the BF.  I really wanted their smoked polish sausage, but when I ordered, the owner's wife told me that they were still smoking it, and that it wasn't quite done yet, so I ordered the smoked hot dogs.  About 5 minutes later, she comes back out and says that the polish sausage is basically done, and that they could easily pull some off for me if I wanted.  I feel like you don't get that type of service from most restaurants!  The prices are very good too, especially for the insanely good quality food you receive. Every time I go, I get asked how the food was.  They actually really care, and are EXTREMELY friendly.  The craziest thing about this place?  It is NEVER busy.  Ever.  Dinner time, lunch time, there is always room.  This is a true hidden gem in Buffalo, and I rank it as possibly my favorite restaurant in Buffalo. My recommendation though, call ahead to see what they are out of, because sometimes you have your heart (or stomach, really) set on something, but they run out (which is frustrating, but it's also a good sign I think).  If you love barbeque and pork especially, this is the place for you.  You will not be disappointed.
Our visit to Suzy Qs was off to a bad start when we were informed that they were out of ribs and collard greens. Apparently, this is not an unusual occurrence. The word on the street is that Suzy Qs often runs out of their smoked meats by the end of the day. But we stopped in for a late lunch! The beef that we ordered came in thin bubblegum-like slices and tasted old and microwaved.   The pulled pork was okay but prepared without any sauce.   The food was cold and all of the sauces were served cold. We would love to have had the option of hot homemade barbecue sauce on the side. The beverage options were uninspiring. The only 'sweet tea' available was Lipton. The only root beer available was Barq's. Finally, the restaurant did not have any high chairs. Don't plan on visiting the Suzy Qs with a baby.
What a gem!  What is lacking in ambiance, is made up for with fantastic food!  I am almost sorry that the secret is out!  We have been going for years and have never been disappointed, except when they are out of one of our favorites.  The ribs and pulled pork are fantastic, perfectly prepared and generous portions.  The smoked kielbasa sandwich is fabulous, the meat is smoked perfectly and the roll is terrific.  Get it Memphis style with coleslaw.  Their house creations such as the Salty Hog and Piggie Pie combine the best ingredients into sort of a BBQ nachos dip with many delicious layers.  The sides are all homemade, with the beans, coleslaw and corn being my favorites.   I love their sauces too.  The brisket seems more like smoked roast beef to me.  The only make so much, so get there early!!
Went to get ribs. Sign on the door says they have no ribs. BBQ place with no ribs? Ummm
Comfort food! Best BBQ in town. I'm not going to even write any more than this - Go early before they run out and check the hours before you go.
Today was our first time, having the pleasure to eat here. We knew (from other reviews) that this BBQ spot had a tendency to run out of items. And we were OKAY with that, number one reason? You KNOW you are getting fresh product, and that it hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp all day! We walked in around 12:20pm. Standing room only (so waiting for a table), or take out were our options. We chose to do that take out. I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwhich (on Weck) with mashed potatoes, and baked beans. My husband ordered the 1/3 Rack of Ribs, Pulled Pork, with coleslaw, and baked beans. All of our meat was fresh and flavorful. None require a sauce, as they stand alone in quality, taste, and value. However, I found the spicier of the two (which isn't very spicy by my taste buds) was the better of the two. The weck roll in which my pulled pork came on was fabulous. The pork was plentiful and juicy. My mashed potatoes were home made, and the beans were also very good. My husbands ribs were wonderfully smoked, and tender. Those required no sauce either. His coleslaw was great too! Neither of us will eat many peoples coleslaw, but this far exceeded our expectations. We will ABSOLUTELY be returning. We totally felt like we got our $$ worth. I even personally called Suzy to thank her for the wonderful food, and to let her know we would be back, as early as this friday. A TOTAL WINNER. Just remember that with this BBQ spot...The early bird gets the worm! YUMMMMMM
Went to Suzy-Q's for Lunch. We're out of the Brisket, Chicken and Smoked Bologna at 4:30PM The Smoked Bologna is what we came for, but we opted to get something else as we we're hungry. I ordered the Smoked Sausage sandwich "smokehouse" style which included fried and coleslaw on the sandwich.  I also ordered 3 bones of ribs. My wife ordered the Little Porker garbage plate. My sandwich was full of flavor.  The coleslaw is perfect, just the way I like it.  Not too creamy and seasoned perfectly.  The sauce had a wonderful crisp skin that popped and exposed the tender meat.  Smoked just right. The rolls here and insanely good.  They cook them to order so it might take a bit longer than you're used to but its worth it.  Nice soft and chewy hoagie roll. The ribs were great.  Nice red smoke ring around the outside that I often times don't see in BBQ meats in the Buffalo area.  It lets me know the meat was ACTUALLY smoked.  Good flavor, tender but not fall off the bone tender.  Most BBQ experts will agree a "fall off the bone" tender rib is not authentic. My wife loved her garbage plate, with fries, pulled pork, coleslaw, and some other goodies I didnt quite see.  She loved it though. Sad, I didnt get the smoked bologna sandwich as it is depressingly good. I understand it might be hard to determine who is and who isnt coming to dinner on a Thursday, but running out of these items at 4:30 is a little odd, and shouldnt happen. I will return and review again.
Excellent pork sandwich, just awesome. There is good bbq in Buffalo, and it's at this place.
stopped in for first time yesterday with the boyfriend...he loves a good bbq anything!  Being vegetarian I wasn't worried but knew there'd be something I could eat.  Granted we came in after lunch..around 2...and were told they were out of 3 of their main menu items...so that was a bit discouraging.  Boyfriend had pulled pork sandwich with some cornbread on the side..which he loved...sandwich was 'ok' according to him.  (I tried the cornbread, it was good!) I ordered a side of sweet potato fries.  :(  Not so good...soggy and limp...ate a few and left the rest. The lady was nice but never stopped talking lol kept asking us if we were ready to order even though we told her we were new and wanted to look at menu.  Overall an 'ok' experience...will have to try again when they have more items available.
It is as good as it gets. My family loves stoping there. Your dropping into a friends place.
Just thinking about this place makes me drool. The smoked sausage melts in your mouth and the bbq pulled pork keeps me going back for more. You can make a cheap lunch out of this place as they offer $6 salty hogs or piggie pies which consist of layers of potatoes, pulled pork, baked beans, salsa and cheese. Or you could tame your inner carnivore by choosing various combinations of meats and sides. If you come here expect the possibility of them running out of meat. They do their cooking overnight, so when they sell out, they're out. They also offer take out to satisfy the bbq urges when only a short lunch is possible. Just call ahead of time to make your order. Weekday vegetarians, save your weekend indulgence on this place, you can't go wrong.
On our way to Rochester, NY yesterday from our home in the Burgh, we passed through Buffalo and stopped for lunch at Suzy Q's. Doug had found this place on line, God bless him, and was inspired by the great reviews. The good people of Buffalo had not led us astray, we soon discovered; this is great barbecue. We both ordered the 2 meat combo with spare ribs and pulled pork and a side of beans. We would have tried the chicken and collard greens, but they were out of both. Doug started with the cornbread. which was delicious. They crisp up the top of it and pour a little honey over it, and it is truly a little bit of Southern heaven. They give you two generous pieces per order, so he shared with me...yum. There are three sauces to choose from on the table, and we woke up the pulled pork with a few dashes of their eastern North Carolina style sauce, which is vinegar and spices...this was perfect with the pulled pork, which itself was tender, juicy and nicely smoked. The ribs are big and meaty, and they don't trim them, so you get all of the flavorful fat on there. I don't eat this fat, by the way, but leaving it on the ribs acts as a flavor enhancer and ensures a final product that won't dry out while it's smoking. I very much like the dry rub and marinade they use, and these ribs are so succulent and tasty, they really don't need the addition of sauce. Having said that, their sauces are very good, so don't skip them altogether. The baked beans were tasty, with a pronounced smoke flavor and a sweetness that was not cloying...someone in the kitchen has a practiced hand. I will say that I prefer beans that aren't as smoky and sweet with my barbecue, as a simpler preparation won't get overwhelming to the palate, and I was a little tired of the flavor of these before I had finished. I will still give these a thumb up, however, as I get what they're doing here, and these are good for that style of baked bean. A word about running out of food. We find this to be a fairly common practice among barbecue restaurants everywhere. We both spent years in the restaurant business, and understand the fine line any good establishment treads between managing food costs and feeding the hungry masses. Like alot of barbecue places in the south, Suzy Q's is a small family operation. They do this because they love it, not to get rich. The theme of most barbecue places that are this popular is, "When we're out, we're out. Sorry for the inconvenience, and come back tomorrow." This is just how it is, folks, so go early, go often, and thank the powers that be that you have such good barbecue in your town.
I just can't give enough love to Suzy Q's. This is my favorite bbq joint in town and a Riverside staple. Plus its within walking distance of my house and there is an amazing view of the water from their front door. Food - Everything is fresh, fresh, fresh. They make it from scratch every day and when they're out, they're out. This is a complaint for some I noticed, but you can just call ahead and be sure they still have what you're really craving before you go. I would so much rather have them do business this way than be whipping stuff up quick just to ensure they always have every menu item in stock. The meats are delicious and always have great flavor and texture. The star of the show in my opinion is the smoked polish sausage, which has a great glazed, firm skin outside with a super juicy, mildly spicy inside. I get it instead of the pulled pork (also great, but the sausage just wins for me) in my favorite dish - and requested last meal - The Salty Hog. Salt potatoes layered with bbq baked beans layered with meat layered with smokehouse salsa, all smothered in cheese and baked. This is a HUGE portion, and an orgy of flavors and textures, for a mere $6'n'change. They are the rare place that serves Vernor's ginger ale as well; a tasty companion to wash it all down. Prices - They have large, low cost portions. I'm actually shocked what many other bbq places, like Fat Bob's, charge in comparison for food that isn't as good or as authentic tasting. The only place I've had better bbq was in Savannah. Ambiance/service - I think this place is adorable. The owner, Suzy, is usually your waitress and she is a complete sweetheart. She has a thing for pigs and the restaurant is loaded with them, in all shapes and sizes, many of which customers have given to her to say "thanks" for her great food. The co-owner, her hubby, is in the kitchen whipping up the good stuff. The food is served simply on styrofoam plates or in paper containers lined with foil, plastic utensils on the side, but this doesn't detract from the taste in the slightest. My only gripe about this is how non-green it is to chuck this stuff thousands of times a week. However, it is a small restaurant with limited employees so I'm assuming there's not space for an industrial dish machine and perhaps no free hands to run it. The seating is comfy and the place is always clean. The diversity of people it brings in - ages, incomes, "types" (hipsters, construction workers, grandparents, businessman in suits) is an awesome display of the power of good food. Cash only. The lot is small, but parking on the street north of the business is quite safe and ample.
I found this place last year on the way to Rochester and was thrilled to find real BBQ in the NE U.S.  A rare and almost impossible feat.  We loved it then and I loved it today.  Again they were out of chicken.  It was lunch, it was noon!  I made the remark that you couldn't really be out but never had it to begin with.  Same with the ribs.  They weren't going to be ready until 5pm.  I was told you could call and reserve a rack next time but I have my doubts that the whole of the lunch rib production had been reserved by noon.  I had a thought that they can only fit so much meat on the smoker and that the other meats had taken precedence.  I have no idea but it's more than disappointing to drive from Pittsburgh to find you can't order what you want when it's on the menu.  It's only ok when a restaurant is out because they've sold out.  Maybe the menu is too big and they're trying to please too many people.  Some of my favorite BBQ restaurants have really small menus. Ok, so all that out of the way.  I ordered the sausage and pulled pork today.  The sausage I ordered on the recommendation of Alan B.  He's right, they're golden.  I think they're smoky porky heaven.  Maybe a little fatty and rich but really delicious.  I liked them with the spicy sauce.  I have had only a couple better in my travels, these are special. The pulled pork was very good.  Not juicy like I remembered but not too dry.  I liked this with the vinegar sauce and the sweet sauces both.  It's solid.  I remember thinking the ribs were terrific but alas couldn't confirm it today. I ordered beans and greens with a side of corn bread.  I remember loving the corn bread last time.  Sure enough it was crispy topped honey drizzled goodness.  The greens were good and better with some of their vinegar.  The beans were really tasty.  They're a little too sweet but not overboard for me.   I like the place and the people a lot.  It smells great and I like the feel of it.  I just wish I could order what I want when I want it but I guess I will just have to be grateful to get anything that looks like BBQ in NY state.
Grungy from the outside but better on the inside, Suzy Q's worried me at first.  As others have said, you're eating w/ plastic-ware but I guess that's part of the fun.  Food-wise, Suzy Q's serves up the best BBQ I've had in Buffalo.  I only have Kentucky Greg's to compare it to but the meat here seems like it's been cooking for days.  Melt-in-your-mouth brisket and a polish sausage bursting w/ flavor, it seems like very carefully crafted barbeque.  Both meats had so much flavor on their own that I didn't even bother for any of the multitude of homemade BBQ/hot sauces they had.  Their honey drizzled cornbread was good but lacked moisture.  A little pricey for lunch ($10 for two meats + a side and you don't really get that much meat) but the quality is undeniable.  Next time, hopefully I can do one meat (Polish sausage all the way) + 2 sides for the same price.
Great stuff!! Went here w/a couple of friends & the food was great & not at all expensive! I gotta go back soon! It's a divey place but that doesn't matter - it's not a sty by any stretch! GO HERE!!!
We've been going going to this place for some of the greatest BBQ fare in Western New York for the past ten years.  I've been to some of the more trendier places, which will remain nameless, and Suzy Q's is our favorite.  Not only is the food excellent but the atmosphere is very casual & relaxed.  My favorite part is that the Blues is always playing in the background.  This goes well with the smoked beef brisket, some mac & cheese, a Rusty Chain and the best cornbread around.  The prices are reasonable and you definitely won't go away hungry.  The meats are all so good but we love the ribs.  One problem is that if you don't get there early, they might sell out of certain items but there are plenty of tasty alternatives.  I like to try the BBQd Spaghetti for something a little different.  There's also turkey, polish sausage and pulled pork.  If you want some better than just good BBQ, head over to Suzy Q's.
Outstanding BBQ.Have had several dishes over the last year and all were great. Prices are very reasonable and portions are good.
Excellent pulled pork, smoked polish sausage, ribs, brisket, and barbecue chicken thighs for reasonable prices.  They do run out of items on occasion, so call ahead
The sausage was the surprise winner of the trip, but, the pork and turkey were also delicious! I'll be back, just earlier to try some other dishes.
Amazing food and Suzy is the nicest lady! The cornbread is incredible. The butter sauce for the sweet potato fries is amazing. It's all good there!
To be honest I think this is one of the worst BBQ experiences I've ever had. The only reason this does not get 1 star is because maybe just maybe they had a bad day. First off after sitting down the waitress greeted us by saying so let's talk about what we don't have. What a terrible way to start off a meal, I know it's important to tell the customer what's not on the menu at this time but this could been in a much better way. Also I've read a lot of reviews stating they've had similar experiences with lack of food. So I hope the owner of Suzy Q looks at their inventory and realize they just are not making enough food. We decided to order three different meats this included: pulled pork, beef brisket and smoked sausage. The pulled pork felt like it was made right out of a slow cooker. Seriously it had no smokey flavor at all, it was the driest and worst pulled pork I've ever had in my life. The brisket was so dry not even BBQ sauce could save it, honestly it was awful. Finally the sausage saved the BBQ experience from being an abomination to BBQ. The sausage had smokey flavor and had a nice snap when you bit into it. This was something I would have again. I'm all up for giving a place another chance, but not when the food tasted this bad, I was really disappointed. I've had BBQ my whole life, this is my favorite food period, and this place just did not cut it, definitely not a little pit of heaven.
Tried kentucky Greg's today for my 1st time today food came out quick seemed like a fast food joint . Wait the 15 minutes to taste true bbq at the Q. Suzie couldn't be any nicer and the bbq can't get better. I can't wait to go there tomo
This place is what a bbq joint should be: delicious pulled pork and ribs (I am a southerner so I know what I am taking about). minimal decor, and an owner who chats with you after a meal. My husband smokes his own ribs and pork shoulders and this place is on par with the best bbq he's ever made. Go chat with Suzy after you're full. She's a hoot.
I've eaten at plenty of BBQ places around the area, and this is hands down the best.  The one complaint I would have is they tend to run out of items when you call to order, but hey everything is so good it's ok! So far I have had the luxury of eating the chicken (phenomenal, I didn't think chicken could be this good), ribs (amazing, best I've had in the area), pulled pork (once again amazing), turkey (kind of a let down, it's really made for sandwiches not as a standable meat), brisket (awesome), polish sasuage (usually not a fan but smoked and with some BBQ sauce it's very good). As for the sides I've had mac & cheese (good, but nothing blowing me away), coleslaw (very refreshing and not too mayo-based), beans (fantastic must get side), the greens (didn't think greens could be soo good!), and of course the cornbread which is the best cornbread I've had in the area. If you want BBQ I highly suggest getting take out or dining in at this awesome awesome BBQ location, you will NOT be disappointed.
Yummy yummy yummy!!!! we had the pulled pork and the ribs and we licked our plates clean!!! they only take cash otherwise we would've used our credit card and ordered more, it was so good. friendly service.
