Nice place, great service and nice atmosphere.
My husband and I stopped into La Tavola on Saturday night (8/3/13) for a small bite to eat.  Not being that hungry, we ordered an antipasto plate($12) and a wood-fired veggie pizza($14) to share.  The  portions were very generous, we probably could have gotten by with just the pizza.  The antipasto plate had huge slices of beautiful mozzarella, tons of Italian meats, and this clever little stuffed pepper that had a pickled cauliflower in it!  The wood-fired pizza was amazing too - chewy and crispy crust, really flavorful. There was also fresh bread and nice olive oil for the table. Our server Dana was attentive and friendly without being intrusive.  We sat on the patio, which was lovely. Both servers seemed concerned that it was "too dark", but it was actually romantic - maybe some little patio lights or candles would help that though. This is the only wood-fire pizza joint in the city that I know if, so glad to have it!  We're looking forward to trying more of their offerings, the entrees looked really great as well.
I hadn't even heard of La Tavola Trattoria when my partner picked me up from work on Friday night and told me we were going someplace new. The moment we stepped inside the restaurant, I had a feeling it was going to be good. The space has a cozy split-level layout, with the patio, bar, and open kitchen on the first floor, and the dining area on the second floor. The décor is warm and inviting, showcasing black-and-white photos from Buffalo's past. Usually I find large-screen TVs to be a detractor in a restaurant, but theirs was placed above the bar and it was not obtrusive. (They had on Turner Classic Movies, which was far more enjoyable than having to watch sports, although I'm sure that might not be the case during football season...) The food and drinks, minus one minor misstep, were outstanding. The $8 glass of Sangiovese was worth every penny. Not only was the quantity on par with the price, but the quality (and taste) were great. The quality was definitely good because it didn't give me a headache (lower quality wines laden with sulfites give me instant, almost debilitating headaches). The salads on the menu sounded great, but I didn't order one (next time, for sure). The rest of the menu is split between Wood-Fired Pizzas, "Small Plates", and "Large Plates". My partner and I ordered the Cajun Calamari (a "Small Plate" which served as our appetizer). This was the only misstep. While we enjoyed the flavor of the breading and the dipping sauces, the squid was cooked just a bit too much, rending it slightly rubbery. It wasn't a total loss, because it was still enjoyable (I've had calamari so overdone and rubbery that it was inedible). The rest of the meal was fantastic. The bread offered was perfectly baked. I typically don't order pizza in a restaurant that offers dishes other than pizza, but after seeing the pizzas that my fellow diners had on their tables, I was sold. My partner and I each ordered our own type of pizza. I ordered the Quattro Formaggi, which has a blend of Gorgonzola, Parmigiano Reggiano, Asiago, and Mozzarella cheeses, and it was out of this world! (NOTE: You MUST like Gorgonzola cheese if you order this pizza. It is the most dominant cheese on the pizza, and if you don't love it (my partner does not), you might not enjoy this pizza (he did not). I, however, would order this pizza again and again.) My partner ordered the Fungi with an egg as an additional ingredient; he and I both thoroughly enjoyed this one. There is plenty more on the menu to explore, and we will be going back soon. If you haven't given this place a try, do yourself the favor and go. Mmmmm, Quattro Formaggi...
Every couple of months we are always looking for a new restaurant we haven't been to, to bring our six friends for our monthly "friends' dinner".  This month was our pick and we decided on Tavola Trattoria, after reading so many raving reviews. To coordinate a dinner for 8 people is difficult enough; throw in the fact that some people live in different towns, have different work schedules, new babies, and the only day open was a Thursday evening.  I called Tavola a week in advance to make a reservation.  I was told they don't take reservations, but I can call back the day of to see if they could "put a table together for us".  I did, and once again was told that nothing is guaranteed, and they can't hold a table for us. This was frustrating because I even offered giving my credit card to show we were not going to be a no show.  I was really just concerned with our time, because some of our friends had to coordinate a schedule with babysitters. Upon our arrival, I was shocked that while the patio was mostly full, the inside was pretty much empty.  I was nervous the whole day thinking we were going to show up and have to stand around with 8 people waiting for a table until 8-9pm.  I wish they could've put some ease to my mind and somewhat assured me that getting a table for 8 on a Thursday evening wouldn't be that difficult. That was my only complaint, and once we arrived, everything from that point forward was great.  I loved the concept and placement of the bar - indoor, but kind of/somewhat felt out door.  I really liked the upper level dining area.  The bartender and our waiter were both friendly and accommodating to our large group. The food was outstanding.  I ordered "Chef Chris' New Orleans Pasta", which was chicken, shrimp, and sausage sautéed with onions, peppers, & mushrooms in a Cajun cream sauce with linguine.  It was $18 and the price tag perfectly matched the size of the dish I was given.  The spice was just right.  I would go back just to get that again.  Everyone else ordered a wide range of food from pizza, to meatballs, calamari, to salad.  Everything I had a bite of was delish.  The words "best meatball ever" was passed around the table numerous times. All in all, we had an awesome dinner out that night.  I wish the restaurant wouldn't be so strict with their "no reservation policy" or at least consider bending the rules to accommodate a larger party who wants to come in and spend a lot of money! Minus one star for the reservation issue, otherwise outstanding.
There is certainly not a scarcity of restaurants offering pizza and pasta in Buffalo. But that doesn't mean they are all worthwhile. I have enjoyed all three of my experiences at La Tavola. I really like the menu mix, salads, pizzas, small and large plates. The small plates are all $10 or less which I think is great. Housemade meatballs and lemon rosemary chicken wings are favorites. The pizzas also have great selections of toppings. The steak in the grass pizza is very tasty but I crave the roasted eggplant pizza! I have only had an entree once, the beef cheeks with gnocchi. I liked the tomato sauce and the beef was very tender, but the gnocchi left a something to be desired. They have a reasonable wine and cocktail list. Wish there was a larger selection of Italian red by the glass! The patio is nice and so is the upper floor area, but the bar seems very crowded at times. A solid option for dinner on Hertel!
I really wish I could say it was at least a 4 star, but I have to be honest, I was a bit disappointed, especially I was likely too excited to try this place out based on several recommendations. Unfortunately, the items we got just happened to miss marks. The salad was over-dressed (painfully so), bread lacked flavor (just white bread with olive oil with some power??), meatballs were under-seasoned and on the bland-side, and oh no, the pizza was undercooked :( Appreciated the fresh basil on the pizza, though! Probably what pushed over the rating was the recommended wine -- which was foamy/flat in flavor. Servers were attentive, if a bit pushy for bottles -- SO glad we didn't get a bottle, because we would've been an awkward position of sending it back. FYI our bill was around $60 for two. In that price range, c'mon, we need good bread, real garlic or good balsamic vig for olive oil, and acceptable wine. Portions were humongous -- I would've much preferred smaller portions with more flavor, but that's just personal preference. On a Friday evening, this place got pretty busy, soothers must enjoy the food here.
Mom and I had just finished watching the movie The Trip to Italy nearby at the North Park. There was so much Italian food in the movie we craved something Italian, and we found it here. Mom leans toward vegetarian and isn't a big eater, so she ordered stuffed Hungarian peppers. She loved the filling and the flavor of the surrounding banana peppers. I went for the chicken madeira, which consisted of a generous boneless chicken breast in a delicate wine sauce with mushrooms, asparagus, and a heavy portion of seasoned mashed potatoes. This wasn't quite perfection (the asparagus was a bit dry), but still worth 4.5 stars, which rounds up to 5.
I really like this restaurant, and have already eaten there several times. It's a wonderful little neighborhood bistro with absolutely fantastic food and presentation. Since it is new, there are a few kinks that need to be ironed out before I can give it that one last star. PROS: 1. The food is wonderful with excellent portions and presentation! The service, while not top-notch, is pretty sufficient. 2. Wonderful little outdoor patio where patrons can sit and enjoy the thriving Hertel Strip pass them by. 3. The owner is a nice man who introduces himself to tables and checks in on guests. 4. Prices are quite reasonable. CONS: 1. They need to pay a bit more attention to those fine details that make a good restaurant "GREAT". First and foremost, they should not be blasting cheesy 80's music in the joint. The atmosphere is so pretty, and it's such a great "first date" place, they should be playing light jazz or instrumental music only. 2. The brunch food is good, but the brunch menu is too simple. Little things like not having jam for the toast, and a very limited menu will leave some patrons choosing Betty's or Kosta's instead. Anyone can do brunch, La Tavola, but what makes YOUR BRUNCH unique? 3. Servers are very friendly and, for the most part, sufficient. But they too need to pay attention to detail. Not remembering who ordered what is for the likes of TGIFRIDAYS, not an upscale bistro.
One of the best restaurants to have pizza in Buffalo. Great food and service. Highly recommended!!
"A Small Bistro with BIG Flavor"  This was our second visit to La Tavola and again we were blown away by their menu.  This visit we ordered their Cold Calamari salad.  The Calamari was so tender not a hint of chewiness.  The vinaigrette was lite and full of flavors like olive oil, lemon, fresh basil , sweet red pepper, sun dried tomatoes and other goodness.  The Warm Beet and Goat Cheese salad with Walnuts was incredible.  This one puts others to shame.  Our entree for this night was their Wood-Fired Steak in the Grass Pizza.  SOOOO Good.  The Cucumber Gimlet topped off my dinner.  Highly recommend to anyone who appreciates really good food at an amazing price.
As soon as I had the last bite of dessert, I was anxious to get to work on this well-deserved 5 star review.  HOW have I NEVER heard of this restaurant before???? I am now making it my mission to spread the word about how incredible this place is. First let's talk ambiance.  The setup here is completely unique and reminds me of restaurants in NYC or Europe.  It's split level with the dining area overlooking the bar and the small, open kitchen.  Glass separates the dining area so you can watch the bar and kitchen without your conversation being interrupted. Now let's talk food. This is an Italian-American restaurant with a nicely varied menu.  You can even "make your own" dish (select your pasta, sauce and toppings - either a full or half portion).  **ONE NOTE FOR IMPROVEMENT: provide whole wheat pasta options for an additional price.  I would pay it. This is what we had: Stepdad had filet topped with gorgonzola cheese and sauteed onions.  The steak was cooked precisely to order and even without the amazing (and ample) toppings, the steak itself had incredible flavor.  The meat was tender and the portion size was perfect ($26).  It was served with their risotto of the day which was absolutely heavenly.  I could have had just the risotto and been happy! Mom had chicken Parmesan which she enjoyed.  Also served with the amazing risotto. I had their cajun pasta, the chef's specialty.  Chicken, sausage, shrimp, mushrooms, served over linguine with a cajun sauce.  Not too spicy, lots of incredible flavor and the meat and shrimp were cooked to perfection.   NOW for the dessert!!!! We split two desserts: their cannoli "martini" and their bread pudding.  Both were big enough to split and incredibly delicious.  The cannoli martini is a MUST - three cannoli shells served in a martini glass full of the cannoli filling and chocolate chips.  You simply dip the shells.  So good! The bread pudding was also perfect.  I would order both again! In conclusion: This place will not remain a secret for long.  Already word is spreading, as we had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  Well worth the wait! Check this place out asap before the news gets out!!
Great atmosphere, service is courteous and quick. Calamari was very good as was the caprese salad. The lemon basil blossom is an amazing drink for summertime on their patio.
Cajun pasta was amazing.  The woman really liked her salmon.  We both enjoyed their bread.  The only ding here is the pear mojito, which was heavy on ice and light on booze. Overall , solid choice.  Would be a top 5 if they stiffened their drinks.  Will be back but I'll be ordering brews instead. And the bus boy, who looked like a young drake, was a pro.
I've heard a lot of buzz about their pizzas so I decided to check it out for myself. Started with the meatball app - 2 huge chunks of meat with cheese and sauce. They were tasty but salty. For the pizza I went with the margarita with pepperoni. As a wood fired pizza it was okay but they went a little crazy with the parmesan cheese. Too much for my taste. Overall the food was okay but not what it was hyped to be. They do have half off pizzas and apps at the bar Mon-Wed from 4pm til close.
This place used to be "Uncorked" and we loved it then... Good thing that the menu, quality and portions stayed similar with the new name and ownership - because we loved La Tavola Trattoria too! We tried the tomato basil soup - which was delicious. Semi-thick broth that's a little chunky with onions... Not the typical runny tomato juice type. We didn't order any other appetizers to share which was a good thing, because there was a nice warm garlic bread basket, and the entree portions were huge. I got the chicken parm - it was pretty good although the breading could be a little crunchier. My friend ordered the pecan crusted chicken which was on the specials menu - she loved it. The guys ordered pizzas and they are a decent size - 6 slices so about the size of a medium pizza (thin crust). All in all, the food was good and reasonably priced. The only thing I didn't think was professional was that we kept seeing staff eating off various plates of food from the kitchen (open kitchen style). Sure, it was dinner time, but I find it very unprofessional that staff members were standing around eating... While there are patrons in the restaurant!  Either eat in a break room or some back stocking room, or eat before/after your shift. Nevertheless, I think it's a nice spot to go to on off days like weekday nights or Sunday afternoons when hertel isn't so busy - otherwise you'll never find parking!
Recently I stopped by on a Wednesday night for a bite with a few friends - the restaurant was pretty busy so we sat at the bar and caught the baseball game on tv. We ordered a few apps (meatballs, stuffed peppers and the meat & cheese plate) they came out quickly and were all great. The meatballs were tasty and the sauce was good, the banana peppers had the right amount of heat and the meat and cheese plate had a nice selection and was a good size for the price. We each picked a pizza and were not disappointed. They came out fast and had generous toppings. Crust was tasty and cooked evenly. I'd definitely recommend this place and will be there again. They have a nice patio right on hertel so if you want to sit outside you can. Definitely a thumbs up from me!!!
I came here with some friends to enjoy a nice relaxing lunch and try their woodfired pizza, which I've heard lots of tasty rumors about. Coming in and sitting down, I first noticed that it's a quaint place -- with seating for about 25 or so. The bar is on the first floor, while most of the dining area is a few steps up. It's got a nice chic interior. The music they chose for the lunch hour was nice too -- great indie rock playing. (Of Monsters And Men --- yeah!!) Out waiter was very personable and energetic and the water kept getting refilled. To start off, we shared some charcuterie meats and some cheeses with olives and greens. It came with some delicious bread piping hot out of the oven. The bread was the highlight as our table went through two or three loaves, while the meats were also nicely sliced and seasoned. Nice appetizer (it was called the Antipasto plate for 2) to share and each of us were able to enjoy a piece or two of cheese and meat (there were 7 of us). For my main course, I ordered the Calabrese pizza which came with was topped with tomatoes, mozzarella, proscuitto, salami, roasted red pepper and grated asiago (among other things). I found it to be delightful with the dough perfectly cooked and the pie bursting full of flavor (they seasoned it well). The flavors came together very nicely. The only unfortunate thing is that their pizza oven can only hold 2 pizzas at a time, so we had to wait for a little bit while the other people in our party got their food. Despite that, they executed the delivery of the food well. I'll be back for more pizza (I hear they are half price at the bar on Mondays!) and for dinner. Yum.
The pizza is AMAZING. When you're waiting for them to make it, it seems like it's going to be forever. But then once you have it, it was all worth it. Right from the oven! The Gemineli is my favorite.
A bunch of us met for lunch here this past Saturday.  The setting was cozy and lovely... and the service was great.  The menu was full of salads, sandwiches, and wood fired pizzas.  I perused the wine list (but didn't order any) and found it to be surprisingly mediocre. We started with an "Antipasto Plate for 2"  (imported Italian cheeses, prosciutto, sopresatta, mortadella, marinated olives, hot cherry peppers, and fresh baked bread) to share.... and considering that there were 7 of us sharing, the serving size was pretty generous.  We each got a few pieces of meat, a chunk of cheese, a couple of olives, and a forkful of greens.  My only complaint was that there was only ONE type of cheese... not the "cheeses" as mentioned in the description.  The bread was fresh and warm... and accompanied by wonderfully flavorful olive oil for dipping. For my entree I choose the wood-fired "Geminelli Pizza" (San Marzano tomatoes, house made meatballs, sausage, ricotta, mozzarella, and hot cherry peppers).  I asked for extra meatballs instead of the sausage. It was honestly "just okay".  I found the meatballs to be a bit dry and the crust to be a bit too chewy.  The whole thing needed a bit more tomatoes as well.... or something to pull the flavors together more. I think this place has great potential.  Maybe they just need a bit of tweaking on the wording of the menu, the wine list, and the flavor profiles.
Great food , drinks , and server.  Great spot on hertel. Negroni and martinis were spot on. Food was excellent. Steak pizza was delicious.
This is for the Living Social Deal ONLY Living social deal, surf and turf + dessert + appetizer + glass of wine. Pros Food overall was pretty good, no complaints for the house salad or the pasta, main course had lobster and prob a 8oz steak with some pasta in red sauce. Pasta was actually cooked really well, and the lobster was good too. Steak might be a little overcooked depending on what you ordered but overall it was decent, not good not bad. Cons That white wine that smells like nail polish. Dont serve it. Overall a good living social deal, however I was kind of disappointed that they didnt actually offer anything from their real menu (this was a "special menu"). It doesnt give me a taste of how the establishments real food actually is. Anyways business tactics aside, I liked this place
This one has snuck up on me. The first thing I had was the leftover appetizer ribs which was hearty and a big portion for an appetizer, but nothing to write home about. But it was also leftovers.... I next had some of their pizza, also conveniently found in my fridge... very good, light thin crispy crust. If you are looking for this style, this is hands down the best I have had here in buffalo. This was encouraging enough to actually make a visit- instead of just stealing roomies- leftovers There is a small V shaped bar that looks inviting and a raised dining area in back that is a common feature in Buffalo along the main thoroughfares. We sat up top which always makes me feel like I am hopping up into my bunk-bed from childhood. Good attentive service. The bread is definitely NOT gluten free.... I could tell since it was DELICIOUS- holy crap..... thankfully they did not drown us in it. The oil/spice mix for dipping was also great. Wine lis is short but solid. Everything has a glass option, and it reads like my last receipt from Parker Liquors- I had one of my new favorite's - carnivore cab- I shouldn't let you know this since I want every bottle of this in the Buffalo area for myself. We started with the rosemary wings- super heavy on the rosemary but I loved it. It's served with an aoli which I liked, but it might be nice to get a second sauce in there that, instead of oil, is more savory or sweet to provide contrast. my lovely date/roommate/life partner had the rigatoni in sunday sauce- this was literally like what my mom used to make. It's the sauce they cook their meatballs in with some pork hock, etc. And they dropped a somewhat threatening sized italian sausage on top... not threatening to me mind you, but some may feel 'inadequately' prepared let's just say.  Anyhooo,  that sausage was amaz-balls. So was the whole dish frankly. and I hate pasta. I had the Veal marsala. Not the most traditional marsala, but savory and with tons of mushrooms which I love. It's also Veal, which is such a throwback dish..... every time I get veal, I regret not just getting chicken and forgoing the inevitable Hannibal Lecter screaming baby calfs nightmares.... and the pounded meat thing? what's up with that? Overall, very good, She loves it, so we will be back for more- I could see this pushing into the 5 range some day
A new spot on Hertel. Who knew I'd be writing that so often, even just a year ago?  But happily, I am. This is in what was once, many iterations ago, Little Talia Trattoria.  I think in the intervening years when I was not living here it had a number of other names and owners.   Today, its back to those older roots, Italian. We came early one evening, which was nice.  Our table was a great size for 4, also a pleasant surprise.  And there are not too many tables here, so you are not on top of your neighbor.  Such a nice change of pace from places we have recently been.   I was excited to come because of the pizza reviews I read here on yelp.  I love pizza.  And I don't have a "favorite" NY or Chicago, red or white, I'm open to most all of them. We did review the menu before we got here, which is found on wordpress through a facebook link, not the easiest thing in the world, have to say. so heres a link to make it easier for you... latavolatrattoriabuffalo… They are open for lunch and dinner.   Our server was perfect, she was able to lower the music a little for us, gave us time with the menu, answered questions, refilled water without issue etc.  All good. The bread that comes to the table was a warmed loaf, it was ok, but not the best I've ever had.  Perhaps could have been a little more warmed?  Or better oil used for dipping?  I'm not sure, but it was not perfect, although good. We ordered 4 different plates for entrées.  No apps this evening. Steak in the Grass Pizza Angel hair pasta and meatball - made from the "make your own combo" section of various pastas, sauces and meats mahi mahi special - chefs special entrée of the evening piccatta - regular menu item, can be chicken or veal The pasta was greatly enjoyed and some brought home for the next day.  It was said the sauce was "terrific" and the meatball (its one large one) was well seasoned.   The Mahi Mahi was also terrific, it came with risotto of the day (vegetable), and perhaps one other side, and 4 large pieces of bread.  The mahi mahi was eaten fully, the rest was touched but by no means fully consumed.  Part of that was the diner who ordered it does not love risotto, part of it was the servings were HUGE. The picatta was terrific as well.  Cooked really well, with a nice added touch of a jalapeno (I think) on it.  It was really really good.  As was the risotto it came with, a much smaller serving than the Mahi Mahi got.  The only plate that I did not sample was the meatball one. The pizza.  Well, this was sad.  It was not really ok.  It was eaten due to hunger and because it was edible.  But it was soooo not what I had expected when I was reading the reviews.  The crust was waaaay chewy, very little flavor, the meats were not enough and sliced too thin, it just did not work.  The remainder was brought home in the hopes that it would be better warmed in the oven the following day.  It was not.   I'm giving them a 4 rating, which is ONLY for the entrees, the service, the pleasantness of the employees in general, NOT the pizza.  I would not recommend the pizza to anyone.  The only thing I can say is, the chef was not working when we were there and perhaps hes the "real" pizza maker, I'm not sure.  If I were pressed to try their pizza again, I would, I want to support the area, but I would not have the Steak in the Grass one. Ill be back for the entrees. CASH ONLY No liquor license yet (Aug 2013) Parking is street, or behind the bank next door
Thank god. We have finally found decent pizza. I have tried many a pizza in Buffalo and was finally happy. Better than Romeo & Juliet and better than Elm Street Bakery. Of course, I had the eggplant pizza that was a special. Hopefully it will become a permanent fixture on the menu. The crust was well done; the toppings were fresh and interesting. It was not a Buffalo pizza (doughy, overflowing with cheese and a sweet sauce) In fact it was opposite of all those things. Thank god! We also tried angel hair pasta with sunday sauce and meatballs. It was fine. I am not a fan of places that make you design your own meal. I want a chef who has thought about combinations to put something tasty together for me -- don't make me come up with it. No liquor license yet, but that just encouraged me to have dessert instead. The bread pudding was pretty yummy. Nice outdoor seating area and good service. Really it gets all 5 stars for the pizza though. Yes, I'll be back. Soon.
Happy that this spot opened on Hertel! It is by far the most authentic pizza I've had so far. I've tried a few of the pies (only the Italian looking ones ha!). They are really good and reasonably priced! One day I'll have to make the jump to an entree or two but currently this is my go-to pizza (and salad!) joint.  I would definitely stop and check out the brick oven and friendly staff or order to-go because they are very speedy!
Ordered 2 pizzas to go and 2 orders of wings. It was so delicious but not enough food for 6 people.  The pizzas are small and sliced into 6 small size pieces.  There were 5 wings in one order and 6 in the other. Good to know if judging how much to order.  The pizza is AWESOME. Love the shrimp fra diavlo most.  Nice flavor and spice to it.  Wood fired.  Wings are wood fired too. ..Only one flavor option available.  Not your typical Buffalo wing. Nice change from the greasy style pizza
Came here on Friday night around 7pm. First thing, parking is non existent. I know it's hertel ave, but my husband had to drive around the area literally for 15 min to try and find parking, so that's kind of annoying. The restaurant is really cute inside, with a nice set up. The bar is quite small. Only a couple different brands of vodka, gin, rum, etc.. I was very surprised to see that at 7pm on a Friday that there was only 1 other table seated there. Our server was nice. We started with a margarita pizza as an app. The pizza was okay. Too much sauce in my opinion. I had one of the specials of the evening, a shrimp and brocolini pasta with cream sauce, others had the New Orleans pasta, the salmon special and the chicken special. Everything was just okay. Nothing was stand out amazing. The chicken in the New Orleans pasta was very dry. For dessert I tried the bread pudding (one of my favorite desserts of all time) the server said it was amazing! It wasn't. It could have been served a bit warmer and the Carmel on the top was very thick and over powering. I'm glad I tried this restaurant, but probably won't be returning.
I. Am. Obsessed. With. The. Pizza. The pizza at La Tavola is the best in the city, hands down. They make their dough fresh every day. They also have an actual wood burning fire...unlike any other pizza oven around. The pizza has a thin crust, but still has a nice doughy texture and everything is so fresh. Absolutely comparable to the pizza I have had in Italy. Finally- some authentic pizza!! I have also tried their meatballs, peppers, and salads- all very good. I have been about 5 times now and the service is always on point. The atmosphere is very comfortable and intimate. PS Mondays they have half off pizza/apps at the bar.. Looking fwd to hanging on the patio in the summer...a great addition to Hertel!
Some friends and I happened on La Tavola on a weekend night on the off chance we could get a table w/o reservations. We were met at the door by the owner/maître d'. Very friendly and immediately directed us to a table but not before we were able to chat with the chef in the open kitchen near the entrance about the evening's specials. They do now have a full bar and a very nice wine list. The service was outstanding and the meal was exceptional. I'm glad I got to experience this place  when I did because this is going to be the new hotspot on Hertel if not the entire city. Don't miss it.
This was a very good restaurant. It's on the smaller side. They do now serve liquor and had a pretty decent wine list with great prices. You walk in off a nice patio that would be great to eat on in the summer. With a small bar on one side and an open kitchen on the other side. We went at 7 and were seated right away as at the time there was only one other table occupied. I had the veal parmigiana and it was very tender and tasty. It was served with a side of vegetable risotto which was also really good. The amount of food you get for the price is very nice as the portions are really big. The piece of veal I got nearly took up the whole plate. Overall I would recommend and I will definitely be going back.
This place is perfect. I can't believe I have waited this long to try it. Went out last night for some food and drinks in the snow and cold and warmed up quickly in this place. Wonderful atmosphere and so cozy with the fire right there. We had some delicious wine (Carnivor) and shared some appetizers. (1/2 price on Wed). My father and stepmother ordered the antipasto and meatballs (tried both, loved both). My boyfriend and I split the stuffed peppers and the Steak In The Grass pizza. Holy sh*t that is amazing pizza. The best I've ever had I think. That must be some magic fire. The peppers were equally as good. It completely hit the spot. The atmosphere, wine and food made my Wednesday evening. I'm so glad this place exists. I frequent Geckos in the summer and always thought this place had potential. Kudos.
Stopped into La Tavola for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised. I had been there when it was the attempted wine bar and then Italian before that, and this is the most promising by far. The space is very difficult but the wood ovens, open kitchen, cozy bar, all make it a perfect spot to grab a couple drinks and some apps at the bar or sit down up top for a meal. We just had some wine and the anitpasta and both were great. Prices are reasonable ($7-$8 for decent Italian red) and the antipasta was $12 and was enough for almost a meal for two. Based on the pictures I saw in the paper, I believe the owner was in the kitchen and you can tell he enjoys what he is doing. There is nothing worse than going into an establishment and feeling the negativity oozing from the management/owner, and you definitely do not get that here. The bartender was also great, very nice, attentive, left us alone, everything you would want. Would be nice if they could reconfigure the bar to allow for some more seating, or add another small section on the wall to allow people to sit at, I could see where it will get very tight if it gets busy.. Couldn't give it 5 stars because we didn't have a full meal but we will be back for dinner for sure. Great addition to Hertel!!!
**Please note that some of the reviews here are outdated. The restaurant does have a liquor license now (and a decent wine list) and they do accept credit cards.** I was very pleasantly surprised by how good my meal was here. My husband and I were looking for a light lunch, so we shared a Caesar salad and a margarita pizza. The Caesar salad was delicious - crisp and fresh with a tangy, slightly peppery dressing. The lemon slice on top was a nice touch, as the zing of citrus really added something special. The pizza was phenomenal. It's hard for me to say that it's better than Romeo & Juliet's, because I've been a die-hard Romeo's fan for over a decade, but I think it might be. The crust was very light and thin but not too crispy. The sauce of San Marzano tomatoes had a depth of flavor that I often find lacking in Italian-style pizza. The fresh mozzarella cheese... well, how can you go wrong with fresh mozzarella cheese?! For dessert we had "cannolitini," which was a martini glass of cannoli filling with three scrumptious mini cannoli shells on top. Beautiful presentation, and at only $3, the perfect conclusion to our meal. Highly recommended!
Food was yummy!! Hugggee portions, fast service,, warm and inviting atmosphere!   We had the chicken parm with risotto, mouth waters just thinking about it. We will be back
Wow. This place is simply amazing. I was not expecting the quality I got when I came here, but was pleasantly surprised by the great food that came out before me. It was top quality, fresh, and made by someone who obviously knew what they were doing. I would recommend this place to any my friends easily for some great food and a good time!
Best Caesar salad I think I've ever had. Had a pizza also, very good. They have a great wine list and a great staff!
I visited La Tavola Trattoria for lunch today with a friend. This was my second visit to La Tavola (my first was on their opening day on 5/22). I was inspired to try it again after reading yesterday's very positive write up on buffaloeats.org: buffaloeats.org/2013/07/… I used to frequent this location quite regularly when it was, the now defunct, Guttuso's and I was excited to learn that the same chef (Chris Luccari) was returning to this location. Both times I visited I ordered the same exact thing that I would always order at Guttuso's - a Side House Salad and the Margherita Wood Fired Pizza. To be honest, I remember both tasting measurably better under Guttuso's ownership. The house salad dressing was not quite as good and the margherita pizza wasn't as tasty as I remembered (could use a lot more fresh basil and I don't think that the mozzarella is house-made like it was at Guttuso's, or as thickly cut -- but I could be wrong). Perhaps this is something Chef Chris could take under consideration. I realize that it's not totally fair to compare the two....but it is the same chef after all. Don't get me wrong, I really did enjoy my meal today and my food was quite good. My lunch-mate ordered a Side Caesar Salad and a Turkey Panini. The Panini was accompanied by waffle fries (!) and it looked excellent. He was very happy with his meal. Our server was wonderful and everyone else we encountered (ownership and chef) were also extremely friendly. The food and portion sizes were very good as well as the menu selection. I will be back for sure and hope that many others will try it too. I truly hope that this restaurant has the staying power needed to last on Hertel for a long, long time. I give it a "4-star" rating because I support Hertel Avenue. PS - No liquor license yet, but pending.
I love the smell of a wood fired oven which is the first thing that hits you upon entering La Tavola on Hertel. La Tavola is a nice place with the bar and kitchen downstairs and the tables upstairs. We sat at the front, overlooking the bar and kitchen which was a nice touch. I had the Geminelli pizza, topped with tomatoes, homemade meatballs, sausage (spicy but good), ricotta, mozz and hot cherry peppers, all delicious with a great crust but I wish the bottom was a bit crispier. My dining cohort had the Veal Piccata which came sautéed with capers, hot cherry peppers in a white wine and lemon butter sauce which as out of this world good! The place was busy but we never felt rushed, in fact it was very relaxed. My only complaint is that it was a little warm upstairs so I hope they have a/c for the summertime. Our server, Joe, was attentive and very knowledgeable of the entire menu when we had questions. You want to keep in mind to tip good here if you like the service, after all these folks are going up and down stairs all night long.
We found the restaurant by chance during a recent stop in Buffalo. Great food, reasonable prices. Lovely creole pasta dish with shrimps, chicken and veggie with light cream sauce. Dessert - bread pudding - was delicious and cheap!   Service was excellent too.
