I've been camping here probably ten times in the last ten years. The property was recently taken over by KOA in the last few years, which has come with some upgrades as well as some not so pleasant changes. The clientele is as it always has been - I'm going to just say it - rednecks and slightly ghetto. That being said, I have no problem with this and fit right in. The Positives: They have completely remolded their bathrooms and showers. They have a lot more trash receptacles since the change. They added a new swimming pool and club house. The negatives: The rates have gone up. Also, if you have more than 2 people on a camp site, they charge you $5 per person per day over 2 people on top of the daily site fee. The women's bathrooms/showers no longer have a dressing area, only 3 toilet stalls and about 5 shower stalls, although this does allow for more privacy individually. Upon check in you can not just go straight to your site, you have to wait for a staff member to drive you to your site in a golf cart. Only the primitive camp sites have a grill/fire ring. If you camp at the full hook up sites you have to bring your own. Also, not every site has a picnic table. We arrived on Friday 4/26 around 6:30pm. My husband and I and another couple were sharing a site and went straight after work. When we got there there were about 6 other cars trying to check in. Once I checked in with the front desk they told me we had to wait on the side for an employee to take us to the camp site in a golf cart. There were about 5 people ahead of us, and we knew we only had a solid 45 minutes left of sunlight. After waiting for approximately, I don't know... 30 SECONDS, we realized if we wanted to at least get our tent set up in the day light we needed to scoot. We just went straight to the site. They give you a detailed map, plus we've been here before - this does not require a tour guide. We got to the site and they had assigned us between two huge RVs. Also backed up to the back side of our site was a large family with two sites side by side. They clearly had at least 5 or 6 adults and 8 or 10 kids between the two sites. They had Latin music blaring and one of the women was screaming at someone in Spanish at the top of her lungs. Oh no - this is going to drive me bananas. I immediately called the front office and asked to be moved. About 10 minutes later an employee in his golf cart showed up to help find a more suitable site. We rode around for about 5 minutes, him trying to guess which ones would probably be vacant for our 2 nights. We finally decided on one about 5 sites down and across the street from the louder family. My goal was to have at least 1 tree on the site to help with shade, and be within walking distance to the bathroom. Mission accomplished. We just barely got the tent and table canopy set up by the time it got dark. Our new site did not have a picnic table (which neither did our first one), so we had to carry one form another site. It is technically against their rules, but who cares, we needed a table. Our site had a large number of ant piles. At one point we ended up with ants in our tent, even though not one crumb of food went in it.  The front desk said they could spray, but their spray takes 24 hours to work. We'd be gone by the time it did anything. All in all we had a good weekend. The swimming area is as it always has been. It does stink of sulfur, but you get used to it. They set a DJ up on the weekends now. He played a combination of popular country and whatever it is they play on XL106.7 (pop/rock/hiphop?). I don't think the women's restroom was cleaned at all during the 2 nights/3 days we were there. The tiki bar is nothing to brag about. They had a karaoke table set up by the bathrooms up from the tiki bar also, but we did not partake. This place is okay, there are definitely some better camping options in the area. I'll probably come back again in another year or so. The biggest appeal to me is having the water to swim in and keep cool during the day. The water slides are fun, too. It's fun to come just for the day, but you need to get there early in order to get a spot around the swimming hole. They fill up fast. They also have a 3 story water slide, but they charge $8 per hour, no thanks. They also have hiking trails and canoe rentals for the Wekiva River.
Went here today when Kelly Park was full. It was fine once we left the swimming area and walked down the creek and rented kayaks. Once you left the swimming area the strong sulphur smell was gone and the canals were gorgeous to paddle through. Saw two gators. Wish there were more. Lots of party folk on motor boats with very loud music. I give the canals a 4 star review but the swimming area just two stars. The sulphur smell and crowd just wasn't a whole lotta fun.
Snippy customer service when I had to cancel due to an illness. "We don't do refunds. We put it in your account to use for a year." There was no discussion. "That's it?" I said after a moment. "Yup, have a nice day. " then she hung up.   So I'm out $50 but I think I might have dodged a bullet by not going. If the campgrounds are anything like their customer service I would have left early anyway.
We had our staff picnic here, and it was a lot of fun!  We chose Wekiva Falls because it's a private park, rather than a public park, which means alcohol is allowed.  Overall, it was a great setting for a group get together. The swimming hole is a fed by a natural spring, and the "falls" are actually created by a cement casing placed on the natural springhead to push the water up.  Cool!  There's also a great waterslide, and plenty of picnic benches.  The spring is a feeder to the Wekiva River, and you can rent a canoe and head out to the river for $5 for 2 hours. Although spring water is crystal clear, the pool itself is dark from constant agitation of the mud bottom, and the water is a mildly sulphuric.  Be prepared for rowdy kids that will clamber right over you on your way up to the slide.   Admission is $6 per person, and it seems like it is usually pretty crowded.  If you want to grill out, you might want to bring your own grill to guarantee you can - the built in grills are in high demand.   Website: wekivafallsresort.com
Don't think state parks are the only place you can explore the Wekiva River! This privately-owned park allows you to do so many activities for a fraction of the cost of parks and adventure tours. This is absolutely my favorite place in Orlando to camp, just escape city-life, or go swimming. As others have pointed out, yes, it has a very sulfuric smell to it, but if you can get past that there is so much beauty. First of all, this place is actually an RV resort and closes down for day admissions/camping starting in November through May so that those who live in RVs have adequate room. During the day this place is PACKED! As others have mentioned, $6 admission per person (or $20 for a car load!), only $5 to rent a canoe or kayak, and it's free to launch your own boat. When you first enter you see RV's on your left and a river to your right. Then, on the other side of the river there's even more RV's and campsites. Everything is well-maintained and they have adequate security. One night while I was camping I made a fire in the sand with rocks surrounding it and a security guard who was making his rounds asked me to contain it. I happened to have a disposable grill so I just moved it in there. A pain, but it was comforting to know someone was out there protecting the area and those of us there. Once you pass the crowded swimming area, the river gets wider and there's a little bridge that passes over the river. This bridge basically separates one side of the park...designated for swimming, bringing your dog in, etc from the area good for canoeing and fishing. There's a bar there with dirt cheap beer and of course you can bring your own alcohol. Did I mention there's recycling containers around so you can recycle your cans? The river is absolutely BEAUTIFUL. I bring my inflatable boat with a trolling motor and have a great time seeing turtles and fish. It's truly a hidden gem.
Wekiva Falls....went here a couple of years ago and I don't plan on going back. It's bad enough that it smelled nasty from the sulfur water nature of the spring, but it seemed generally dirty. My girlfriend and I like to go spring hopping when I'm in FL, and this one left us wanting. It smelled bad, the bottom/ground of the spring was slimy gross, and the little river off of it was gross too. My girlfriend said it used to be clean and fun, and that there was a neat little tower in the middle of the pool area that you could go in and that it had slides off of it and stuff - but, they were either closed up or completely gone at that point. I dont know if that's just the nature of that particular spring or what...but yuck.
Really disappointing. Nothing like the billboard they have on the road - that picture must have been taken a decade ago. I didn't really feel comfortable with the clientele either - yes, you can have beer here, but that didn't seem to help the atmosphere any. It went beyond a divey atmosphere to a trashy atmosphere. We wanted to go camping here but ended up not even being able to stay. If you can, go to Kelly Park instead, it's nearby, and 1000x better, plus you won't be afraid to go to the bathroom alone at night.
Wekiva Falls was our plan C for a recent tent camping trip. After Wekiva Springs State Park and Kelly Park were both booked we ended up at Wekiva Falls. The weather had just cooled off so we weren't going to be doing any swimming in the Wekiva Falls stinky sulfur water. Check in was at 2pm and is first come, first served for primitive tent spots. I got there right at 2pm and found a spot along the river that was close to the restrooms but not too close. The campsites all have a cement picnic table and grill. The smell of the water wasn't too noticeable and certainly didn't hinder our enjoyment of the campsite. The main problem with Wekiva Falls is the type of clientele it attracts. The staff couldn't be friendlier and the park was very clean. HOWEVER, the park is private, meaning they allow alcohol. Now, I'm not against alcohol by any means, but what happens is people drink to excess then they start ruining it for everyone around them. Case in point: A few spots down from us were some hillbilly drunkards. They were drinking at 2pm when I got there and continued drinking until they passed out sometime in the middle of the night. They were loud, vulgar and obnoxious. For 10 minutes they screamed for their "missing" dog before they realized it was they had locked it in their truck. One couple started fighting (of course) and we were wondering if it was going to turn into a domestic incident!! We had quite the time trying to distract my four year old so he wouldn't overhear their nonsense. Also, they allow dogs here. I am a dog person. But there are so many dogs, almost everyone has one, that problems start. People can't control their dogs and they bark. All. Night. Long. My plan of being close but not too close to the restroom? Well, because all of the tent campsites are along the road leading to the restrooms groups of drunkards stumbled by, yelling to one another throughout the night. And there was the motorcycle that raced up and down the road, and the traffic noise from 46, AND Wekiva Falls is directly in the flight path for the Sanford Airport. Not to mention the tiki bar and it's karaoke. Needless to say we will not be camping here again. It is just too noisy. What a shame!
Can't say enough good things about this place. Mostly because I compare it to the other places, Wekiva Island and Wekiva State park, both of which are major pain in the asses about EVERYTHING. This place is set up the way a river resort should be, fun, laid back and relaxed employees that are friendly and glad you are there. Exactly the opposite of the other dumps mentioned before. GREAT BEACH DAY ALTERNATIVE! Six bucks to get in, worth every cent, employees say thank you, and you can bring your own cooler. Police drive by occasionally looking for people being obnoxious but not like the other two places where they are stationed up front being intimidating kill-joys. Lived here all my life cant believe I've never found this place before, I wish them good luck! Sulfur smell would take away 1/2 a star but thats it.
So awful. First, it's trashy. I thought it would be kitschy and charming, instead it was old and run down. Second, the staff ranged from mildly unhelpful to outright rude. The people at the front were gruff and didn't respond to my group's smiles. The woman at the Tiki Bar (which is a joke of a name) was really rude and lazy. She couldn't do the math when tallying up our order. Then she plunked down frozen burger patties, slices of cheese and buns in front of us and rather than telling us that we had to cook them ourselves, she stared at us for a while and said "The grill should be hot if you want to cook those" in a smug tone of voice. So we took our rapidly-thawing mostly-soy beef patties to the grill, an old rusty charcoal affair, and there's no fire. The horrible little Tiki Troll proceeded to chastise my group for ruining her fire. She smoked while watching us try to build it up. We had to use someone's cigarette lighter and paper towels, because she couldn't even give us lighter fluid, and then she yelled at us for using up her paper towels. I don't blame the business for the state of their customers, many of whom look like they had done a lot of meth, but I do blame them for having bad attitudes among their employees. Don't even bother, guys. For the same price you can have a nice day at a nicer park or the beach.
Went here to rent a canoe.  We usually go to Wekiva Springs or Wekiva Marina to do this, but as we hadn't been here figured we would check it out.  Never again.  The staff at the front were rude.  The entry fee is $8 per adult vs $5 a carload  at the other springs. The rules around the canoe rentals are so strict!  If you are late 15 mins you get charged double, you don't wear your life jacket you get charged double.  No one helps you with your canoe, you have to pick up and launch alone.  Also the water here seemed to smell funky, I've never smelt anything like this at the other connected springs, the water treatment plant down the road makes me wonder. I didn't camp but when looking at the sites they are right on top of each other, not camping in nature but camping in a parking lot atmosphere.   If your looking for great springs and good nature experiences I wouldn't come here, go to Rock springs run at Kelly Park for tubing (bring your own tube or rent from the store outside the park) or for canoe or kayak go to wekiva springs or wekiva marina.  They are cheaper, nicer, and more scenic.
I camped here as a kid and it's just a beautiful now as it was then.  Thankfully, it hasn't been built up and remains a great place to camp, swim and hike.  A ton of trails for walking and crystal clear 72 degree water.  Take a day off from work or touring the theme parks to unwind and relax here.
Reviews on here must be old...because i was just there today and it is BEAUTIFUL!  Cyrstal clear water with a mini water park for the kids, kayak and canoe rentals and a tiki bar for us parents!  I took pics of my own and the place is fantastic and clean!  cant wait to spend the summers there!  If you have not been there...go see it...it's beautiful!
Ewwe.  Is all I can say.  Of course I had a good time because I was with my friends and we had a a lot of booze.  White trash everywhere, which is kind of expected.. but literally everyone was white trash.  Entertaining though.. As we sat in our chairs in the wretched stench of sulfur water we got to witness 2 fat white trash girls duke it out while the dad/uncle or whatever tried to pull them apart.  While fat mom/aunt screamed from the top of the hill bank in her bikini..yikes.  So that part I liked.  The bathrooms are nice and the showers are good too.  Some of the best I've seen actually.  But the horrid smell of the sulfur water is terrible and very potent... think of a stinky over crowded public pool.  That's exactly what its like.  I'd like to never go there again.  Campsite was OK, mostly dirt and grass in a open field surrounded by trees, open field mostly.
