We have two small breed dogs, a Pomeranian named Thor and a Mini Schnauzer named Finley. Thor is a little wuss, and he spent almost the entire time running in circles attempting to hide from all the other dogs. He'd probably have to say this park sucks. However, Finley loved it here and played with all the other dogs and explored the whole park. If she could talk, I'd be willing to bet she'd rate it a five. Me, I highly recommend this dog park. There are benches for us humans to sit on while our dogs run and play, plus a concrete sidewalk that wraps around the inside of the park so you have a safe place to walk without stepping on turd bombs (no poopy shoes!). The fallen tree in the middle of the park is a pretty neat touch. It's cool watching the dogs climb all over it. I guess they like pretending to be squirrels. Maybe that's why dogs chase squirrels. They secretly wish they were one. Jealous beasts! Anyways, the problem with the fence that was mentioned in one of the previous reviews has been fixed. No more wide slats in the fence. There is now a black mesh along the bottom of the fence so Houdini has to find another trick since disappearing is no longer on the program. Oh, and don't worry about our little Thor. We took him to the handy "small dog section" and allowed him to play bully on a Chihuahua. So if you have a small dog, fear not. Your pup can still enjoy himself. Just walk his little butt over to the small dog section and let him be the wild terror he dreams he is.
been here a few times with my pups & haven't had a bad time yet! the other dogs are always friendly and there hasn't been any problems. it's always mostly clean, lots of leaves everywhere. definitely big thumbs up to the pet owners for cleaning up after their dogs. they have three little water fountains so the doggies don't bicker over the water but sometimes they still manage to do so lol. the swimming pool in the back is definitely a favorite for some dogs! my dogs avoid that like the plague since they hate water. there is also a smaller area for smaller dogs, which also has a small swimming pool! my favorite thing about this park is that it's right next to a little pet shop / bath shop where you can give your dogs a bath for a small price after they had their fun in the park... in the dirt lol. i definitely need to check out other dog parks in orlando but for now, my pups enjoy this one!
Sanford is a large dog breed community and there are lots of large dogs everywhere including the restaurants so long as they are friendly. This is a fabulous way to spend the day if you have a well mannered dog who is friendly with both people and other animals. I suggest taking your dog here to play for a while. There are different sections for small and larger breeds and yes many are off their leashes wondering around and playing. There are things for them to run play and jump on as well as little water fountains and a baby pool that can be filled with water for them to splash around in if you don't mind them getting all wet and then probably muddy.   Once your pooch is pooped out you can go over and give it a bath at Paw Park Place next door and then head off to one of the local cafe's for lunch or dinner which allows well mannered dogs in their outdoor dining areas while you eat.
Just got home from an hour at the Sanford Paw Park with my Haley Burns and she isn't even pooped out!  WT?  This was Haley's first adventure to an actual dog park.  She was so excited! This was my first visit to the park as well.  I went to meet my friend Kelley and her pup Ginger.  Upon driving up, it looked pretty big.  There were 2 different sections, sectioning off the area for small dogs.  All dogs are unleashed and just having a blast.  There are tons of benches, a great walkway, water spouts etc.  Very accommodating. We started in the regular area even though we had 2 smaller dogs and that only last about 10 minutes before I, yes ME, got pummeled over by a huge black doberman trying to get to my Haley who was curled up in fear underneath me.  Don't get me wrong, LOVE doberman's but this one was a little to feisty for me.  I ended up on the ground (hysterically laughing but stunned) and NO WHERE in sight was her owner.  Weird. We moves to the small dog area and it was perfect.  After we went in a ton of other little dogs came in and everyone was running and playing.  It was a really nice treat for Haley and I am glad my friend introduced me.
I have a medium sized dog. She was able to run through the slats in the fence and across  US17/92. I have now lost my dog. The fence in this dog park is not safe for any type of slender dog. If attracted by something or scared of something they can get out.
This is a really nice dog park.  It's HUGE!  Of course our dog loves to run in circles with all the other dogs.  But, with this park being so big, it's difficult for me to keep up with me, or get to him quickly if he gets into trouble with another dog.  :-) It's nice that it has areas for big dogs and little dogs alike.  And, my kids were even entertained on this little apparatus that is probably for the dogs to play on haha...  but the kids liked it just as well. After getting all kinds of dirty, we took Buddy across the street to Paw Park Place for a bath and some doggy snacks.
It was definitely a nice place in the summer with all the shade trees. And Lulu enjoyed sniffing around and meeting the other dogs. My only complaint is the dirt. There were several dirt patches, and where there's dirt there's a dog who wants to jump and roll in it. The little doggy pool was full of dirty water, and I don't think there was anything that could be done to get that pool clean.
I bring my boys Duncan (daschund) and Rocky (Pomeranian) to this park pretty often. We live In an apartment so I love to see them get a chance to run around and explore the space of the paw park. I'm not a big fan of the small dog area in particular. There's just not a lot going on in there for them as much as the bigger park so, I tend to release them in the big dog section. They freaking love it. I bring them some toys to fetch and they have a blast. They always end up making some buddies along the way (my little social butterflies!) I haven't had any issues with the larger breeds while we've been in that area. Plus, this isn't just a great spot for them it's a relaxing place for me as well. The owners are usually friendly and we carry on conversations about our "babies" and other things. It's pretty cool. I just recommend something for the smaller dogs to do should there be too many larger dogs in the park, like something to climb on. Thanks!
If your dog is not a compulsive humper like mine (and he's FIXED-jeez), then this is a fun, welcoming place to wear out your pup. Much better use of land than the former Jaycee Park where the hookers liked to hang out.
I love this dog park!! My dog absolutely loves this place and always makes tons of doggie friends! It's a blast to bring a friend and their pup, or just go by yourself and meet other doggie lovers:-) its one of my favorite escapes
I haven't been to too many puppy parks, but I know I love this one! It's got tons of space, lots of trees to provide much needed shade especially in the summer and there's also a different section for the smaller pups. Saturday and Sunday mornings are hopping here. If you want to mingle with other dog owners, most of them are very social and will totally talk your ear off while your pooches sniff each other.  I also like there there's a pet grooming store right across the street, you can walk right over and get a puppy-pedi or bathe your hound. They also have super adorable dog clothes and accesories. I'm not much for dressing my dog up, but I definetly play with idea while I'm there cause it just too cute! Most of the dogs are just there to play and run around, so you have to remember that they are dogs and they do go crazy once in awhile, it's natural :) Definetly go here and have fun with your pooch!
What a beautiful place! It's pretty much all shaded, so my dogs like it, it has beautiful trees and tree stumps, it's a large park and even has a little small dog section. It's right across the lane from Paw Park Place, the do it yourself dog wash place, so if they get dirty we take the pups over to get them washed, great place.
I love Paw Park.  Its a great place to let your dog blow of steam. They have an area for small dogs and large dogs. I have 2 dogs one likes to play fetch all day and the park had plenty of room for me to throw tennis balls to him. The other dog stays on the sidewalk and makes sure everyone gives him some attention.
