The best place to spend your money on food in Buffalo. Amazing drinks, good atmosphere, fun neighborhood, crafty and delicious foods.
I have been wanting to come to Vera ever since it opened. Finally, we decided to come here on a whim on a Wednesday (which also happened to be our anniversary). Parking was definitely not easy to find, luckily we found one around the corner down the street. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by someone who later turned out to be our waitress. The place was about half full at 6:45... It was nice and cozy and dark, perfect for a bar but a little TOO dark for a restaurant. The older ladies next to us turned on the flashlights on their phones to read the menus, which was understandable yet at the same time not easy on the eyes. I wanted to try a cocktail but we decided to get a bottle of wine instead. They only had 2 choices-both Italian. Montepulciano or the  Elio Perrone Tasmorcan Barbera d'Asti. we went with the latter. It was a nice light and medium bodied red wine, easy to drink with food. We finished the bottle with no difficulty despite the amount of starchy foods we ate. For appetizers we got the goat cheese arancini and the garlic knots. I personally liked the arancini though my fiancé did not. It came with a nice marinara sauce. The garlic knots tasted like fried dough seasoned with salt and pepper and garlic powder... It came with two dipping sauces and I hated the red sauce. It looked like some type of marinara sauce except it had a serious dose of some seasoning I did not like, maybe sage... Idk. It was very strong though and I just hated it, not to mention, it was cold. The other dipping sauce was yellow, it kind of looked like a mustard it I really couldn't tell in the darkness. I didn't love it either but I liked it better than the red sauce. I ended up dipping most of them in the leftover marinara sauce from the arancini plate. For the main course we got the margherita pizza with prosciutto - it was a wreck. The dough and crust tasted nothing like a pizza and the toppings were scarce. The prosciutto were super thick and large, it was hard to eat. Never again will we order pizza here!!! The other thing was that it was INCREDIBLY loud in there. We were seated at an intimate tiny table but we still could barely hear each other. We would have to put our ears up close to the other's mouths in order to converse. All in all, we enjoyed the exposed brick and old school decor, the music and atmosphere (minus the super rowdy loud tables), and the cool cocktail menu (which I will have to try next time). I would come back for drinks with friends and maybe an appetizer or two. But we likely won't "willingly" return for a full meal anytime soon.
I love the late night atmosphere here. I go here to try cocktails and chat with the bartenders who are true mixologists. I've tried cocktail bars in NYC, Chicago, and Philly and I put Vera up there with the best of them. You want something smokey and sweet? Boom. You get an excellent off the menu drink. In my opinion the owner must be a mix of a mad scientist and an executive drink chef of sorts. I recommend the Gazpacho (it has sriracha in it!). The bartenders put on a good show when they are mixing drinks. Also the black and white TV gives a good ambiance. The pizza are good too. I'd bring my friends and family here anytime.
This is a vera vera nice place. It has vera good food according to those who have eaten it, but I have to say it also has vera expensive drinks. It's totally worth it if you are male and single and out for the night though because the girls that come here generally dress vera sexy with vera high stiletto heels, and look vera good. I'm not sure the guys are as nice as one of them was making fun of my hair when I was going to the bathroom, but I am sure they are vera gentlemanly (yeah right) and vera respectful (psh). Vera much a happening local place to grab a vera stiff drink and a vera fresh pizza. And always vera vera busy. And vera expensive, hence the vera vera mediocre star rating.
Cheese board was delicious!  Very elegantly presented. Was delicious!!! Drinks are fabulous and  very unique!
My favorite place in buffalo, love service, love food.
This is one of my favorite places to go in Buffalo. If you come here to drinks, be prepared for an amazing array of liquor drinks, which change with the seasons. It's worth a trip here just to sit an watch the bartenders at work, artfully mixing drinks. If you're looking for a corona, this isn't the place for you, that is for sure! They even have liquor on tap! The food here is also delicious. I am a particular fan of the meat and cheese boards they have to offer. I highly recommend this place!
We were gonna go to Kunis last night but it was closed for the labor day long weekend, so we went to Vera instead. This is my second time at Veras, I would say my first experience was 4 stars because the drinks, garlic knots and pizza were good. Last night, we ordered the asiago souffle from the special and it was a total failed. We waited 20 minutes for the souffle and garlic knots to come out....I kept checking my watch because I was starving! I wouldn't have minded the wait if the souffle comes out good because I know it takes time to make. However, what we got was a failed attempt at souffle. What we got was a big blob of underseasoned bisque with scrambled eggs on top. The asiago souffle was served in a soup dish instead of a ramekin, which we thought was kinda weird. When we tried the souffle by itself, it tasted like a water down bisque, and when I dipped the garlic knots, it actually tasted fine. We asked our waitresses if the souffle was suppose to look like that, she had no idea because we were the first diners to order the souffle. She took the dish back and kindly took that off our bill. If Vera's version of souffle is meant to be a dip, then fine but don't call it a souffle or at least name the dish a deconstructed souffle. The rest of the dishes we got were pretty good. The presentation of the squash blossom is beautiful. I think this place is good for drinks and pizza because their selections are different, but don't think I will be back anytime soon.
Place is awesome. Didn't get any food but met friends here for drinks. Friendly knowledgable staff. Cool crowd. Seriously fantastic drinks made the traditional way. Nothing but good things to say. The cocktail with egg whites and rosemary is by far my favorite on the menu.
Disclaimer: This review is for drinks only. Next time I go, I'll have to update you on the food. I really enjoyed the craft cocktails I was able to try at Vera. The bartender working the afternoon I was there really knew his stuff and it showed in how well he made a cocktail. The Brass Lantern is the drink I liked the most. Their take on the old fashioned with cardamom is also great. I liked all the drinks that I tried from the fruity to the stiff. However, I was not able to sample any pizza.
Cool place for eclectic cocktails and great food.  I wish I could remember the name of the drink I had from their specialty cocktail menu...but it was good.  Had the small house salad (maybe a little too much of the house made dressing but it was good) and a margarita pizza (cooked to perfection...love a crispy crust).  Will be back often.
After nearly 2 years of coming here, I was bummed to see so many negative reviews of this place. It is one of my all-time favorite restaurant/bars in Buffalo and one of the best ones I've ever been to! Yes, it is small, and can become crowded, but that's because it's so incredibly popular! The food is off-the-charts good! They have a great seasonal menu that changes, well, seasonally of course. The pizzas are amazing and perfect to share or eat on your own :) I love the classic margherita and the pierogi is really tasty as well! (Not sure if the pierogi is a regular menu item, but it should be!) Their salads are extremely light and flavorful and they make a lot of interesting concoctions! My new favorite thing on their menu are the truffled deviled eggs. Holy cripes they are impeccable. You can taste the truffle and the topped capers give a great crunch and hint of salty goodness. Mind.blown. On to the drink menu - it is famous in Buffalo! The Earheart is one of the best drinks, and I recently had The Pepper Pots, which was incredible (any drink with egg white is a winner in my opinion!) There are drinks that go off the menu, but if you remember what they are (e.g. The Gazpacho), they will happily make it for you! That is true class. Yes, the drinks cost extra, but if you watch the bartenders carefully craft them, you'll understand why. The "speakeasy" style of bar is re-emerging nationwide, and so few can really harness the spirit of what these drinks are all about! Vera's is one of those, so I believe it's worth the money! All in all, it's a fabulous place to go! I have never been disappointed here with service, food, ambience and style. I am a Vera cheerleader!
Ate here last night.  Made reservation weeks ago for 6 people at 6pm.  Hubby and I arrived at 6:30 and the other 4 came in after.  Vera's staff HONORED our reservation.  I was amazed.  It was packed with very happy noisy people.  We had the garlic knots, sausage and ricotta pizza, rabbit confit fondue, charcuterie plate and a puff pastry with crispy bacon.  We inhaled it and loved it.  Everything had great flavor and presentation.  If I lived in the neighborhood I'd eat there 3 times a week.  The menu has a selection of small plates, salads and entrees, my favorite thing.  All the other food that walked past our table looked fantastic.  Two of us had the speciality Earheart cocktail that was delish.  Beer selection is limited and in cans, but beautiful cocktails and decent wines.   If you don't mind an 80 decibel noise level, music blaring, a cheek to jowl bar scene head to Vera's.  The food made it so worthwhile.
I've had several dining experiences at Vera and always look forward to the next one. They have an extensive specialty cocktail menu that is so impressive I couldn't even tell you what their other beverage options are. The drinks are $10 each but they are strong and made with attention to detail. On my last visit, I enjoyed a cocktail called "The Concept". It was Grappa, honey syrup, lemon, candied ginger and fresh cranberries. I was kind of nervous about ordering grappa for the first time and thought it would end up overpowering it. However, the combination of these ingredients was magical and it ended up tasting like a sweet lemon beverage. I thought that the cranberries were too sour for this drink and that they would have been better had they been soaked in something prior to being added. Each time I've been there I have split a pizza with friends. The last time I was there I had the potato and leek pizza. It was a creamy bechamel sauce with leeks and thinly sliced potatos on top. (so so good) The polenta fries are a great starter or just have them with drinks. The portion is big enough for two. They look like a giant plate of mozzerella sticks but I presume they aren't as bad for you. I am always so excited to go back to Vera. The place is so adorable and I always know I am going to have a good meal.
How on Earth did I manage to leave Buffalo without having written a review on Vera??? During our tenure in Buffalo, my husband and I developed quite the love for Vera. This became our special occasion spot, as it is a bit too pricey to go on the regular, but definitely worth it when we were springing for birthday or anniversary dinner. The food itself is ok, nothing over-the-top amazing (although once they had these delicious homemade doughnuts with a Nutella reduction and I thought I might die of delight). Consistently good is really how I would categorize it. No, the real treat at Vera is the cocktail menu. The bartenders are true mixologists, with a great working knowledge of the spirits and mixes (most of which are made in house). On more than once occasion we sat at the bar and chatted with the owner/bartender who allowed us to ask as many questions as we wanted, readily gave us suggestions, and always mixed up an amazing beverage. It can fill up and get pretty noisy at times,and anytime I sat along the wall it was a constant battle of sweater on/sweater off because the vents were right above me. These are really the biggest downfalls to me. The service was always pleasant and prompt and the overall ambiance was delightful.
"meh, i've experienced better" is spot on.   Vera really isn't that great. Some of the staff are nice, some are really snooty and inappropriate.   their pizza is no better than making yourself a naan bread pizza, which the reality is a naan bread pizza is more flavorful, and will actually leave you satisfied, after consumption.   Their menu is not terribly appealing, while i'm thoroughly aware a single dish does not need to be heavily loaded with food, their plates do not satisfy.  They're not even sufficient for sharing.   Their portions are sized for what I would classify as thin women dishes; for the rib chests.   I would rather wait to get some grub from the Black Market truck when they arrive than waste money on food here. The table spacing can be very snug, feeling of overcrowding.  The business after dinner is out of control.
Vera is a tiny restaurant and bar with a cozy-yet-loud ambiance over by Kuni's. Their drinks are generally really good, and the service ranges from polite indifference (typically the hostess) to amazing (the bar staff is always amazing). Pricing and portion sizes are reasonable for this type of establishment (some of the apps are really nicely priced), and the menu has pretty good variety. It's generally quite clean and the decor is appropriate to the setting. What really brings it down for me is the food; it's good but not good at the same time. The biggest problem with the food is that they use pretty good quality ingredients but seem to object to seasoning--at all. Other than the obscene amount of cheap garlic seasoning powder on their garlic twists, most everything I've tried here (over maybe 12 visits with food probably 10 times) has overwhelmingly lacked any seasoning (namely, salt). The second-to-last time I ate there, I ordered an arrancini to help soak up some of the booze in my stomach; though the texture was lovely and it was perfectly cooked, I don't think a single crystal of salt had been added to it at any point during the cooking process. I was really hungry and still struggled to eat it because it was just so bland and tasteless. I ended up having to ask the bartender for some salt, just so I could get through it. Their red sauce is similarly bland; if you're going to do a super simple tomato sauce you need to add salt and good olive oil to really bring out the flavor. The pizza is decent, but I stopped ordering it because the ingredients are never evenly distributed, which results in uneven cooking and random soggy areas, and it suffers from the same lack of seasoning as the apps and entrees. I like that they periodically change/update their menu and it always sounds delicious in theory, but it tastes like it's being executed by somebody inexperienced who just isn't seasoning or taste checking what they're putting out. The last time I went, I just waited until the kitchen closed and got BMFT out front on my way out. In short: A great spot for drinks, but there are some simple yet serious oversights happening with the food situation that need to be addressed.
3.5 stars.  Came here for drinks but the cocktails just aren't up to my standards.  I tried the Bat Country and the Yellow King and both were sort of watery from the very start - not as if they had skimped on the alcohol, but as if they had been shaken/stirred too long before decanting into my glass.  For the Bat Country, I didn't get any chai, and only a hint of vanilla and a hint of rosemary from the sprig in my glass.  For the Yellow King, I couldn't taste the ginger.  Too bad, the ambiance was good, I liked that the bartenders were flaming citrus peels as garnish, and the bartenders were friendly.  Drinks however, were just average.
I really like this spot. I think mostly because it gives me that comfy city vibe that I'm used to. Therefore I do not recommend it for people that dislike vibrant (and sometimes loud) restaurants.  It is very lively on a Friday and Saturday night with a great atmosphere. However I think the biggest draw to Vera is it's collection of ever-changing cocktails. The bartenders here are stellar. I would have to say I do enjoy the food as well however sometimes a little pricy for the size. But you can always go for a pizza and be super satisfied.  It is not right on Elmwood so if you haven't seen it I would look into checking it out and I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Just had a wonderful dinner night here. Great food. Great bar. Great drinks. I recommend telling the bartender your favorite liquor and having them make you a specialty. The best drinks we had were creations from the bartender.
Cocktails. Vera Pizzeria is my new go to for a great cocktail. Let me stress that these are cocktails and not simply drinks. They aren't simply mixing ingredients. They are crafting you a beverage with pride and showmanship. Fancy cocktails. I visited while things were slow and a friendly mixologist suggested I looked like the sort of guy that would enjoy a Brass Lantern. He was correct! As I watched him make my drink it seemed almost like I was watching a magician doing a bit of up close magic. It was impressive and delicious!
This is a very classy place that specializes in old fashions. Each old fashion costs $10 and some they set on fire. The bartenders are top notch and I have never had a problem with service. Verra Pizza is my favorite liquor bar in the area.
Best pizza and cocktails in Buffalo. The rest of the menu is also very good. I don't understand what some other reviewers were talking about regarding the food. I live down the street and have eaten here at least 15 times and have yet to have a bad experience. Everything on the menu is executed to perfection.
Snug seating to say the least,  but the cocktails alone make you forget the proximity to others around you. Order the "honey pot" i couldn't find it on the menu but my friend insisted I try it. He had the Earhart made with St. Germaine and strawberry purée, fresh citrus and vodka. I still am not sure what was in my drink but it was fantastic, I also enjoyed the Earhart very much and consumed most of his as well! Dinner was supposed to be pizza but I couldn't pass up the giant arincini  which was good and big enough for 2 two share as an app. For dinner we both got the scallops with goat cheese, bacon and asparagus and it too was incredible. The service wasn't memorable but it was efficient and with food like that I was barely paying attention to my friend let alone the server. 4 drinks an app and 2 entrees with tip came to $100 bucks. Not bad for what we got. Next time I'll have to try the pizza!! Would have been 5 stars but the place is incredibly small and can be uncomfortable
This place is VERY popular.  People talk about it.... people RAVE about it..... all of the "cool" people talk about going time and time again.  Maybe I'm just not all that cool.... because while I thought it was okay... I just wasn't all that thrilled. Sure, it's beautiful inside.  I love the exposed brick and the wood.  Three of us were seated at a high-top by the window.  Now, maybe I'm a bit old and a bit ummmmmm... over endowed in the booty area.... but I found the seats VERY uncomfortable.  They weren't deep enough.  The height was awkward.  And, I felt like I kept sliding forward.  I had to keep one foot on the floor to keep from slipping right onto the floor.  And that was before I even had a drink. Speaking of drinks, that's what this place is "famous" for.  I would have to say that it's more of a bar that serves food than a restaurant with a good drink menu.  VERY INTERESTING cocktails, as they should be for ten bucks each.  I had the "Earhart" (vodka. strawberry and blackberry puree, fresh lemon juice, and St. Germain elderflower liqueur).  It was fruity, fresh, and tasty... but honestly didn't pack any "punch". For dinner we decided to each get a salad and then share a pizza.  My Caesar was fresh and flavorful, but definitely on the small side.  I was a little taken aback with the addition of sun-dried tomatoes (instead of croutons), but the flavors all did work together.  The pizza: "Caprese" (asiago, roma tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil. and balsamic reduction) was very delicious and enough for three of us to share following our salads and bread..... but am I the only one who is annoyed when the toppings are only in the very center of the pizza and there is a full two inches of unadorned crust all around the edge?  I mean SERIOUSLY..... a bit more "middle" would be greatly appreciated! We asked about dessert and were handed half an index card with the choices handwritten on it.  I forgot to ask if they were made in house.  Anyway.... the chocolate cake we shared was chocolaty, rich, and yummy.  The curious thing is we were told that they don't serve coffee.  WHAT????    I've never heard of such a thing!!!   Well, maybe in a bar..... but definitely NOT in a restaurant!
On a cold, snowy morning a few weeks ago, I was driving to UB South for school, and on my way there, on WBFO, they were talking to the mixologist from Vera Pizzeria about his classic pre-prohibition era Manhattan recipe.  That was a few weeks after I discovered my newfound love for Manhattans.  So naturally, I had to try it. I didn't end up going until last night, and I have to say, I was originally somewhat hesitant due to the mixed reviews on here.  We got there around 6:30, and managed to get a table for 2 with no wait.  The restaurant was pretty much full at this point, though.  The waitress came over to ask what we wanted to drink.  I did not see the classic Manhattan on the small drink menu they give, but she knew exactly the one I was talking about.  My boyfriend got the hot buttered rum cider.  Holy. Cow.  Both drinks were amazing. Expertly crafted, perfectly mixed, and just so delicious. It was definitely worth the steep pice ($10) because they were actually DELICIOUS. So anyway, we ordered our food.  My boyfriend wanted to the duck breast special but, of course, right before ordering she comes up and informs us that they were all out.  Lucky him!  We had the $10-off-$30 Buffalo Dining Card, so I ordered the Fig Prosciutto pizza which had a fig jam, gorgonzola cheese, caramelized onions, Bartlett peats, and prosciutto.  My first reaction to taking my first bite: "Holy crap this is too hot."  My second reaction after letting it cool: "There is nothing on this pizza that I don't like."  The fig was so sweet, the prosciutto was salty, and just everything about it was amazing.  I ate literally the entire thing (which it funny because originally I wasn't sure if we should have just split one pizza -- good thing we didn't)! My boyfriend got a pasta dish, some creamy chicken pappardelle which was very good, and he really enjoyed.  It had these very sweet and spicy red peppers which were delicious. Overall, this meal was awesome.  The drinks were phenomenal, and the food seems to have improved from what others have said, because everything looked and tasted delicious.  I will definitely be coming back here for cocktails and food!
Heard about this place from someone I worked with, so I came one night with a friend. It's a small space with a classy bar but a very low key vibe. Great date spot, but also just a nice, classy place to hang out if you're looking for something a little quieter than the bars. Everyone I know who's been here raved about the cocktails, and they did not disappoint. My friend and I each ordered two off of their cocktail menu as the night went on. I can't remember what they were now, but I think one of mine was a hot apple cider... In any case, they were delicious, and I'd be willing to try any drink they have to offer. For our appetizer, we ordered garlic knots, which are a guilty pleasure of mine, and it came with fig jam and roasted garlic ricotta. The knots themselves were nothing spectacular, but tasty; it was the fig jam that really stole the show. Out of this world. Highly, highly recommend the fig jam. Following that train of thought, I very fortuitously ordered the Fig Jam Prosciutto pizza, minus the prosciutto and plus whatever the chef felt would be a good replacement. What he made up for me was delicious. He basically replaced the prosciutto with arugula and added more of the other ingredients. The flavors all worked out perfectly; something had to offset the sweetness of the fig and pear, and the bitter arugula did just that. My friend got the Lobster and Shrimp Carbonara, which she really enjoyed. Good meal, great time. It always means a lot to me when the chef is willing to change things up a bit to accommodate a diner's dietary restrictions. It shows an open-mindedness and creativity, so thank you! That alone is enough to bring me back. The cocktails are just an added bonus! Now it'd be really cool if there were some permanent veggie fixtures on the menu... eh??
Perfect atmosphere, wonderful cuisine, and the greatest "prohibition era" style bar tending that I've encountered yet. The duck pizza is amazing. The specials are usually pretty good and so is the mac and cheese. All of the bartenders are extremely knowledgable and the owners are a real gift to the Buffalo scene. They're very friendly and work hard to make each visit unique. I love the fresh ingredients used in both the food and drinks. They even have had custom created booze by local distillers. Which is why we're more than willing to pay a premium for such a unique and wonderful experience each time we visit. We also pay the price for too much fun the next morning some times but it's worth that too. If you haven't been go! Now! If you are a food gourmand then you will have plenty of options to choose from and drinks that are an art form n themselves. If you prefer Applebee's and Cosmos then you might want to skip this place because it's targeted towards a more mature, sophisticated palette. I love, love, love Vera Pizza and consider myself lucky to have "found" it. You want be disappointed!
We stopped in here specifically to sample their prohibition-era cocktails. We were on our way out for other events so I only had one cocktail - The Duke, but it exceeded expectations. Here's why. The ingredients consisted of American rye, sweet vermouth, bitter amaro, maraschino liqueur and Jerry Thomas bitters. I've had drinks from a number of places back home lately, including Brothers Drake and Caffe Apropos, that went completely overboard on the bitters. This isn't even limited to the two I named, in fact, I think in general, bartenders might have a lack of understanding on how to properly add bitters. I'm no bartender, but I'm fairly certain there shouldn't be so much bitters that the drink is undrinkable. Which has been the case in several instances. At Bros Drake, the drink was sent back (it wasn't mine, but I was asked to verify). At Caffe Apropos, I had to add soda water to a drink that doesn't call for it to make it drinkable. At Vera's Pizzeria, I sipped enthusiastically on the drink with no qualms whatsoever. It was perfectly balanced, and I do mean perfect. They don't quite reach the full five star potential because the space is too small and I was promised tattooed hipsters serving me, but got an untattooed hipster. Lulz.
We stopped in on a Saturday early evening after a Shea's matinee and were greeted by a friendly hostess. She explained all their tables were reserved but one, so we headed to a hi-top in the window. The table was very small and the chairs were modern looking but VERY uncomfortable (I felt like it was forcing me out of it the whole night) so I would recommend a reservation to avoid that unfortunate fate. We ordered an appetizer (goat cheese stuffed arancini, which was one medium sized arancini nicely fried but with cold goat cheese inside - not too bad) and a few drinks (delish but pricey) and waited for our 3rd to join. From the time our 3rd sat down to the time we paid our check, it was a mere 35 minutes. Both impressive but slightly disappointing - we felt like it was too soon to call it quits and were faced with ordering dessert (too full!) or heading elsewhere. Had the meal not been so rushed we probably would have spent more money (ie another round of drinks) and it would be great for a weekday lunch - but alas, they aren't open for lunch! We each had ordered a pizza and finished less than half of it - I would say 2 pizzas is plenty for 3 ladies. Between us we had a "Caprese," "Vera smoked porchetta," and an "Herb Roasted Chicken" pizza. I would say they're a little closer to grilled flat breads - a thin and rugged crust without any distinctive flavor. The Caprese was very good - the sweet balsamic reduction paired beautifully with the fresh tomatoes and not-too-anise-y basil. The roasted chicken was good, the garlic sauce was by far the best component (no complaints but I will try something else next time). The porchetta was also good but apparently an acquired taste as the woman who ordered it found it too earthy and missing the sweetness of a tomato sauce (however I thought the red wine flavor in the sauce paired nicely with the mushrooms). Each of the cocktails we ordered were fabulous and, despite their price, would be a reason alone to return. All in all, I was pleased!
I had such high expectations for this place given it seemed to be one of the few craft cocktail bars in the area.  After my visit here, I have to say this... Such an underwhelming experience and they can definitely use a big lesson in mixology as well as customer service.   First of all, no one is ever up front so if you are looking to get a table, you have to track someone down or wait for them to decide to pay attention to you.  The set up of the place isn't good plain and simple.  The flow is bad and it is very loud.  I could usually get past this though... It's everything else that makes me give this one star review. The drinks were not that impressive from what I've seen.  I guess I am spoiled by my craft cocktail bar at home in Pittsburgh where you can always be assured an awesome beverage.  I decided to stray from the menu because they said they can make anything... Don't do this unless you want a basic drink like a gin and tonic or vodka and cranberry.  I asked for a gin based drink with a hint of basil... I was shocked that they didn't even have Bluecoat Gin which is a staple for craft cocktails.  My drink was pretty much simple syrup with a splash of gin garnished in basil.  I knew better after this and opted for wine after. The pizza was okay... Good but basic since we just opted for the Margherita.  The garlic twists were great.  The shrimp fritters... Not so good and more spicy than described.  Nothing was amazing at all. The service (or lack there of) was the ultimate kicker.  It sucked. Our waitress was pretty much non-existent, and when we were trying to get our check, we were given attitude. Not a good way to be in the industry. I travel to Buffalo often and will take customers out for drinks and dinner, and I certainly won't be doing it here now.
I'm re-reviewing here in hopes that Vera will take note.  I am a huge fan of this place and think it's a great asset to the neighborhood.  The drinks are, as every has said, fantastic, and I appreciate they keep trying new things, without pandering to sickeningly sweet junk cocktails.   I'm re-reviewing here because as my wife and I were there last week for dinner, we realized we've been avoiding the food more and more.  We usually stop in for cocktails and split a salad and app and split.  I feel the food has become more clunky, fatty, over stuffed, and unappealing recently.  Personal preference of course, but the pizzas have become more doughy, with overbearing toppings - away from the thin sleekness of the pizza they were making a year ago. I still love this place, and hope it continues to find it's feet, but wanted to add my two-cents as a loyal fan, who wants to keep coming back.
The ambiance and cocktails get 4 stars. It's got a laid back, wood-modern industrial look going to it.  The servers were friendly; we did go at 5 pm before the weekend dinner rush. But....yes there had to be a "but"..... if you searching for Neapolitan Pizzeria, keep looking.  The pizza is definitely not baked in wood fired nor a coal oven.  SO you won't get the thinnish, crispiness on the bottom of the slice nor the slightly chewy bite in the dough. The topping combinations here are interesting. We tried the butternut, potato, sage pizza and surprisingly it was enough for two people with modest appetites.  The execution of the sage has some room to improve. You are biting into whole leaves of sage at a time. Meh.
Went here last night after reading the raves on Yelp, and had a fantastical time! The tiny place was packed, the bar was hopping, and the low-lit, bohemian ambiance and the delicious-looking food coming out of the kitchen convinced us to put our names in for dinner and stay awhile. As we waited, we sampled the cocktail menu, which features a few house cocktails amid a list of 1920's classics like the Bee's Knees. The bartenders seemed keen to recreate the success of craft cocktail joints in other cities, and urged us to give them a few cues and then let them go at it. We gladly obliged. Interestingly, I gave the same instructions to two different bartenders and received two totally different drinks: the first, made by a upbeat guy named Jon with tattoos up and down his arms, was a fizzy concoction of prosecco and bitters. Tasty, but a little too girly; we were looking for serious booze. The second drink, mixed up by an awesome female bartender named Kelli, was more my speed: heavy on the whiskey and bitters, with a big ol' ice cube in the middle. We joked that while Jon had perhaps gone easy on me, a first-time female customer, it takes another woman to sense when a lady needs serious bourbon, not bubbly! Anyway, thanks to my girl Kelli, we were three sheets by the time they found three seats for us near the bar. This might explain why our first appetizer, a plate of garlic knots with a side of garlic ricotta spread and fig jam, tasted so delicious, but I'd happily order it again sober in order to assess it more thoroughly. We also tried two thin-crusted pizzas, the goat cheese with pesto and the fennel with caramelized onions. Both were tasty, but a bit bland. Would have liked to order an entree to mix it up, but we were with a vegetarian and wanted to share plates, and all the main courses included meat. Hopefully Vera'll add some greens to the menu in the future to balance things out; til then, I might file this place away in my "drink at the bar and snack on apps" folder versus going for dinner. Our table was smack dab in the middle of the sizable bar crowd, a mix of young professionals living it up on a Friday night and hip middle-aged regulars with homes in the 'hood. This setup encouraged socializing; we had great conversations with our neighboring diners and bar patrons as we ate. It's always a good sign for a spot when you feel comfortable enough with the crowd to strike up a convo with any given stranger there. Vera more than any other place in Buffalo reminds me of my favorite joints in Boston and NYC, where craft cocktail spots have had a stranglehold on the nightlife scene for a few years now (not a bad thing). It's only three months old now and still has some kinks to work out, but I think it bodes very well for Buffalo that it's doing so well already. Keep it up, Vera!
Drinks: 5 stars (most professional bartenders in Buffalo, in my opinion - good at their craft.  Drinks are expensive but worth it - be prepared to spend $10 on a drink but enjoy something truly unique). Food: 2 stars.  The food service was sub-par. There were 8 of us in our group and had started at the bar.  I had a tab open with my drinks on it so it would be easier to split our food order at the table.  Without even asking me, the waitress/bartender transferred my tab onto our food bill which meant that we couldn't just split the bill in equal parts anymore.  Why did they do that?? I would have just closed my tab!!! When bill splitting came around it was an absolute nightmare.  Thankfully, the bartender bought us all a round of shots to make up for it. The food itself is mediocre at best.  Don't even bother with it.  Eat at The Place across the street and just stick with drinks at Vera.   We ordered 3 pizzas.  One was pretty good.  The next was kind of gross and the third came out completely burned on the bottom.   In addition, the bread that they served before the meal was stale and bland.  The oil served on the side was tasteless.
i would say more of a 3 1/2 stars. pros: -great tasty drinks -our pizza was good, we were able to alter our choice of what we wanted -friendly helpful waitress cons: -too dark, was not able to take a picture and i felt awkward using flash -not enough pizza choices -not enough seats, seats are also close together unless you sit at one of the high tables... but then you don't have a back to ur seat -drinks and food are expensive but you get what you pay for i will return here, but not dying to soon. probably will mostly for the drinks but will also try something other than the pizza. they have duck on the menu and i love duck. i think they also change their menu because the things that were suggested were not on the menu.
Finally a pre-prohibition bar in buffalo! The drinks are strong and balanced. Husband and I lean towards the bourbons and non sweet drinks. Our bartender Adam was awesome. He recommended drinks off the menu and tailored to our tastebuds. Would have given a 4 if it weren't for the food. Ordered the wasabi calamari. At first it came out cold and undercooked. Owner was great and sent it back. The second time was better but the sauce had no resemblance of wasabi and calamari still chewy. The crab totters had a hint of crab. I guess if you like a hint that's cool, but kinda expected to taste more crab. The mushroom was great though especially when you add their house hot sauce. Still looking forward to going back again to try new drinks.
The highlight of this place? The cocktails. Truly they taste like nectar of the gods and they're reasonably priced. Pizza? Its OK. The toppings are fresh and sauce is flavorful.  I'm not the biggest fan of the crust. I wish it was light and airy. Instead it tasted like a dense cracker. The dining room is small and its a popular joint so come early and often.
This is a new favorite place for me. We went to Vera for an early (6:00pm) dinner yesterday evening, and immediately fell in love with the atmosphere. I can imagine it gets noisy later in the evening, but at 6:00 it was cozy, comfy, and quiet. We had a table near the window, with plenty of room and a good place to people-watch. I don't usually order cocktails because (1) I'm a beer snob, and (2) so many places make them much too sweet. But Vera is known for its cocktails, so I ordered a Blood and Sand and Kristina had a Pisco Sour--and then another. Both were absolutely delicious. Buffalonians seem to be unusually devoted to their ideas of what pizza should be. I tolerate the overly bready Buffalo style because there's not much else around, but I prefer either a light, crisp crust, or a rich, buttery Chicago-style deep dish. Vera's pizza crust is the light and crisp variety, and I found it perfect. I had the Fennel Taleggio pizza, and it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I savored every bite. Kristina had the three-mushroom risotto, and she loved that as well. I can't wait to go back again.
I had known about Vera for a couple years before I finally got around to checking it out.  I went for drinks late one weeknight with a friend.  I was really excited to finally try their "Pre-Prohibition-era" cocktails or whatever they market them as.  I've never been so disappointed.  Two cocktails cost us $18 which turned into $20 with tip.  That wouldn't be a problem if I was in NYC or Chicago or if you made me the best damned drink ever but this is Buffalo and you served me a drink I could have made at home and put it in a tiny glass with more ice than what covers Lake Erie in the winter.  I finished it in three sips.  I've gotten more and paid less at decent places in Manhattan. I couldn't help but laugh when I noticed that Vera doesn't have a sign out front identifying it (if there was one I didn't see it).  It reminded me of the episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia when they take the sign off of Paddy's Pub and all kinds of trendy people flock to the bar because they feel like they're in the know.  That's what the people in Vera reminded me of. On the plus side, the bartender was friendly and attentive and the decor inside looked good. Vera is just another place that thinks it can get away with outrageous prices because people will keep coming to "see and be seen."
I want to found the fan club for Vera's bar. I've never been more entertained in my life, and at your first glance of their giant ice cubes, you will fall in love too. The best thing about Vera is that you feel like you're going back in time to Prohibition Days flipping the bird to the teetotalers. The drinks are so complicated and yummy. I've never heard of half of the liquors on their shelves. The bartenders could be cast in the movie "The Sting" and even have curly waxed mustaches. I mean, come on! What more is there to say? Hopefully you're now reading the rest of my review from a bar stool at Vera. The drinks cost $10. Stop whining-- they're worth it. My favorite drink involves a lemon peel being set on fire. Yes, you read that right. And you'll just have to go there and see it for yourself. Oh, and I think they have pizza too.
I often find myself sitting at the bar, drinking a Duke, waiting for a date and wondering why I don't come here more often. The cocktails are incredible. Sure, they're over priced. I could kick back with a nice bottle of hooch for what I'm paying for three drinks. The foods good, but I make a pretty mean hand tossed pizza myself. No, there's really no good reason why I'm not here more often. It's a good location to be a launching point for an evening of fun. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere relaxed. It's a great place to bring a date, being both classy and laid back at the same time. Bartenders are great and the kitchen rocks. Alright, the waitstaff sometimes tries to rush you out the door a little too quickly, but I get it. There are people waiting. It's a nice little place. Just expect to pay for the booze.
I love that they have cheese-less pizzas right on the menu.  It's easier to sub a veggie for meat and enjoy the original intent than it is to order a pizza without cheese.   I ordered one of the cheese-less pizzas and asked the waitress to have the kitchen sub the prosciutto with whatever vegetable they thought would be best and she was happy to oblige.  I was quite pleased with the pizza they brought out...the fig jam, truffle oil...none of the flavors were lost. The drinks are old timey and interesting and I got something with muddled berries.  It was lovely. The fancy pizzas are a nice treat but I'd rather have a real pizza and I could have a huge one for the same price as the small thin crust ones at Vera.   The place is very dark and very loud and full of hipsters.  I could walk here from my house but there aren't shoes I could walk in that I would feel comfortable wearing here. It was nice to try with friends but not special enough to return.
So so sad. I really wanted this pizza to be good. Having lived in SF and NYC, I have gotten used to good pizza and Buffalo has just been disappointing. I really miss the SF places that have good pizza and excellent salads. This place disappointed on both fronts. First of all, they didn't have any salads without meat in them. That's just weird right? They both even had shellfish in them (I'm allergic). I guess they looked ok when we saw others dining but it just doesn't seem that hard to add a simple salad to the menu or at least volunteer to make one for customers with allergies or other restrictions (we did ask but waitress said no without even asking the kitchen).   The pizzas were also not good. The crust was terrible and the rest of it pretty bland.  It also took forever to get our food even  though we went pretty early and it was not very busy. Our daughter was ravenous by the time the food arrived. The place does look cute though and seems like a great place to get a drink. We may return to sit at the bar.
The beet arancini appetizer was absolutely excellent. The beet flavor really came through on the orzo & the cheese was perfectly soft and wonderful on the inside. Crisp beet slices were a great compliment to the slightly crunchy exterior.  The presentation was great too - only wish I could see it better to get a load of those fall colors. The fig jam prosciutto pizza was meh. The crust was not strong enough to hold its toppings and it had a cracker flavor. The fig was overpowering and blobbed on haphazardly. We hoped the prosciutto would picked up the slack, but it barely did it's job. I just wanted more - the description really had my mouth watering!! The thing is, I want to come here for the drinks & bar scene. Does anyone else think their drinks are overpriced? I want to like this place -  I live less than a mile away and have talked it up to everyone visiting my area for a year now, but the hipster vibe gives off this sense of entitlement / you dont belong feeling that makes me confused and uncomfortable. Then $10 drinks on top of that anxiety? Not worth it for me. I keep going back hoping it changes but it seems they just keep catering to the elite crowd. Where do these people come from anyways?  In the meantime, where can I buy one of those hats so I fit in a little better? Hehe.
Best place in buffalo for drinks!!! The Mixologist are amazing and not bad to look at, haha! I always have a great time here. The drink menu changes frequently which keep slings new and exciting. The food is not that great though. It tends to be greasy or soggy which is disappointing. They need to do a menu overhaul but that's not particularly what I go there for anyway. It is a MUST try for drinks though.
After my first visit when they first opened, the opportunity arose to meet my man friend out for drinks, so I happily obliged since I was wanting to try it again. The bar was pretty busy when I arrived, but I found an open spot and got right in for a drink. Cameron is a fabulous bartender; always has been. If there's one reason you should go to Vera, it's to get yourself a damn good cocktail! The drink menu is impressive that he designed himself.  I couldn't decide which drink to get while I waited, and being a gin & tonic kind of girl, he suggested the Bees Knees. The Bees Knee hit the spot; lemony and strong with honey that you don't even notice the gin. Don't get me wrong, the drink was strong; you only need about two to get a good buzz going; though they're not cheap. So after getting a little buzz going, I ordered a plate of garlic knots as my man walked in.  He ordered the Blood & Sand drink. A Scotch cocktail that's refreshing and damn it was real strong, but real tasty; a very hard thing to balance. Our garlic knots arrived looking decadent, from the display to the taste. Served with Ricotta Cheese and fig that complemented the light fluffy dough of the tasty garlic knots perfectly. I was blown away. I'd go here simply for the drinks and the garlic knots (which were only $7). I'm getting hungry just thinking about them! Round two: We got more drinks, why not? It's Tuesday! This time I got the Earhart a vodka drink with berry puree, lemon and mint. YUM! Very girly drink and would be perfect to have a pitcher of this bad boy in the middle of summer! I'm not sure what he ordered, but it was the follow up to the blood and sand. So what does that mean? We concluded that by follow up it means, one step closer to a scotch on the rocks. It was stronger than the last but still good; I couldn't drink it, but he did. haha We ordered a pizza; the margherita. The pizza was better than the last time I had come, but still not the best pizza I've had and it's different. It is what it is. It was delicious, I was hungry, I ate it. It wasn't very memorable to me in any ways, I just want more cheese and more basil and more? Regardless, the whole experience was good and there's a reason people frequent this joint. If nothing else, go get yourself a drink.
Well, well, well Vera. We finally meet. I came out here later on Friday night after spending some time at Cantina. We were some how able to secure an enormous table in the back for everyone to sit at. It was busy! I started out with the special of the day. I think the name was Spring is Rite, but my memory is a bit fuzzy. I remember there was gin, apricot brandy and thyme along with grapefruit juice. I loved the added touch of the fresh sliced lemon peel. I ordered an old fashioned for my man and he claimed it was the best ever. I tasted it and I have to agree. My drink was tasty but extraordinarily sweet. I went back up to the bar and requested the bartender make a gin drink that wasn't too sweet. It was an alright cocktail but had a taste of licorice which is likely my least favorite flavor. I was a sad girl. When I wanted to close my tab I was alarmed that 2 other drinks snuck on my tab! One of the gentlemen in my group ordered while sitting next to me and apparently they assumed he was on my tab, even though he tried to pay. The bartender said They would give me cash and to not leave a tip to be even. I left a tip because they did a good job, and I eventually sorted it out with my group also. I was surprised for a tab mishap at such a nice, well organized bar. Also, they called for last call so we departed and some people in our group enjoyed a smoke outside. But then the Vera Elite stuck around and hung out. I wanna be treated just like everyone else! But alas, I am not in the hip crowd. Otherwise I really would like to try their food at some point as well.
!st off the drinks were very good....handcrafted old school. Salad was very good also...pizza on the other hand...not good.  They claim to be doing italian pizza...not american italian?  Sorry... I have had good pizza in rome, napoli & florence....as well as here in Buffalo.  This pizza was way down on the list. Wasnt cooked in a super hot oven like wood or coal fired.  The Pesto was so heavily applied that it was dripping with oil.  Pizza has to have a balance of ingredients and cooked hot and short.  This was just a disaster.  They should go to 800 maple, roccos, sienna, or even carrabas.  Thats how pizza should be made.  The place was very small and very loud.  I had a headache when I left.  But did I mention well made drinks?
I was visiting Buffalo from New York, and we decided to give this place a shot. The decor and ambiance of Vera's resembled that of a pizzeria in Brooklyn. The waiters, hostesses and severs looked the part too - young and hip. In the end, the drinks and the food were pretty dull. The drinks on the drink menu sounded delicious, and the bartender was brilliant at taking his time and making the drinks look beautiful. In the end, the drinks were kinda lame. I almost felt bad for the guy for wasting so much time making them. The pizza was pretty bad too. The margherita was edible but not flavorful. The tomato sauce and cheese did not even have enough flavor to compete with the fresh basil, and the crust was rather dough-like instead of thin or thick. We totally bailed on the other pizza - The Porchetta Pizza (Red Wine Braised Pork Shoulder with Oil Cured Olives, Fresh Herbs & Fontina Cheese). That pizza was way too salty and was coated in some sort of BBQ sauce. Yuck! Oh, and I've never had to yell over the table to have a simple conversation about how bad the pizza was than at this place. Why is it so LOUD in there?
So ever since I moved into the neighborhood, almost a year ago, everyone kept telling me to check this place out.  Eight months later I finally decided to see what all the hype was about.....boy was I disappointed!!!! This review does not reflect a dining/food experience.  I only went for a drink and sat at the bar.  First and foremost, the chairs!!!! These are the most uncomfortable things I have ever sat in! So bad, that I actually ended up standing.  I kept gazing around to see how everyone else was tolerating their discomfort.  To my surprise, it appeared to be just me! My boyfriend and I could immediately tell upon arrival that this just wasn't our scene.  Glancing around the packed bar and (small) dining area, it appeared to be, for lack of a better word, quite "hippy-ish".  I would expect to see this bar and atmosphere located on artsy Allen Street. (I do enjoy some Allen Street bars and restaurants, don't get me wrong)!   We ventured here on a weekday night (can't remember which day), at approximately 9 pm.  This place is so small that is was completely packed, in a rather uncomfortable way.  We could not gain access to the bar. We had to wait until people left just to order a drink.  During this awkward waiting time, I felt like my rear end was smack dab in the faces of those dining directly behind us.  There isn't much space between the dining area and the bar. Finally! We were seated at the bar (me soon to be standing...the chairs!).  I decided to order a drink from their special drink menu (can't recall which drink).  What I can recall though, is the five sips it took to start and finish the drink, and the $10.00 it cost! Unbelievable!!! I am familiar to the pricier drinks in the Elmwood area, but this is just ridiculous! My boyfriend wasn't too pleased either with his $5.00 beer IN A CAN! (That he had to ask for a glass for). At this point I couldn't wait to get out! I have way too many favorite Elmwood Village spots to visit, before I ever decide to return here!
I love the cocktail menu! When I came to this place for the first time I thought FINALLY artisan cocktails! I like places that create their own special cocktail menu and still allow a customer to order what they want. I have had the Garlic Twists with the fig jam/ricotta spread and the sun dried tomato. I know they change it up by season but I am partial to the fig & ricotta combination. I've tried several of their pizzas, the majority of them were great but I do wish their Margherita pizza had a bit more mozzarella. I don't know if it was the night I was there or if they were skimping on it. Of course a real Margherita pizza does not contain a lot of cheese but having gone to Italy it does contain much more than the one I got the one time I ordered it. I have had the pizza with the potatoes with an added egg - which I love that they have that option! I have recently had the Bianco pizza with an egg on it and that was wonderful! I love the atmosphere, which can get crowded and noisy, but that is part of the appeal.
The best cocktails in town; pricey but worth it, 2 of them will have me good'n'drunk. The downside is that if it's busy, it's very difficult to get at the bar and get your drink order in, and you can wait a while for them. You have to know what you're getting into. Another flaw is that I once saw Carl Paladino hangin' out with his way-too-young date and it was creepy.
The cocktails were fantastic!  The vibe was awesome in this lively bar/ pizzeria. It had a good mix of people, I was not the oldest nor the youngest person there, very comfortable.  The server was great and the bartenders attentive.   We started off on the right foot with some cocktails, "The Duke" and "the Old Fashioned", damn they were great!  I knew after the first sip my wife would be driving home!  For food we started with the caprese and caesar salads.  The calamari was done well with the caesar salad..mmmmmmm!  For the main course, I had the marscapone pizza (which was on special) which blended the fig puree, prosciutto and balanced by the argurllia  wonderfully.  The wifey ordered the frog legs (another special for the evening), which she was slightly disappointed.  The legs were lightly over done and lacked flavour.  We finished with absinthe, which was poured to perfection. Great place to chill with friends, I can't wait to go down the entire cocktail list!
Some friends from college visited this weekend. I wanted to bring them to a place that would broaden their conception of Buffalo. And that would blow their minds. We were already at the Place across the street, which though awesome is both as Buffalo as you get. Standard fare. I suggested we check out the new bar across the street. It's got a mixologist, I read in the Buffalo News. A mixologist in Buffalo? They asked. Minds blown. We got there right after opening, so the bar wasn't crowded yet. The bartender chatted us up and convinced us to try both a Scotch drink on the menu, and the nightly special, a rum cider drink. Both were delicious. I'm not overly familiar with drinks mixed by professionals, but if the goal is to make a drink that tastes awesome and worth the ten dollar price tag, then Vera is top notch. We also were inspired by the bartender's story. Like one of my college roommates, he is from downstate. Unlike my college roommate, he plays in a band. He told us that his friend and bandmate (and the chef at Vera) convinced him to take a gamble and build something in Buffalo. Long story short, he took the risk and went into business. He built something new in an overly nostalgic town. And he is seemingly succeeding. He told us that contrary to popular belief, there is so much possibility in Buffalo. Bars are open late; people are nice; houses are big and rents are cheap. When we left, my college roommate said that the bartender convinced him to buy real estate in Buffalo. We'll see. But I love the sentiment. The pizza is pretty good. But that's almost beside the point. Vera is trying something new and betting on Buffalo. And that's nice to see. I will return. (BTW, the space is tight. So better not to head to Vera with a large group. But if you do, there's always the Place across the street. And sometimes nostalgia is fun.)
This was our first time eating at Vera Pizzeria. I loved it. We went at about 7 pm on a Wednesday night and walked right in, no reservations or anything. The atmosphere was great -- we sat right in the window. I liked that there were different options for seating. You could dine at a small private high top table, along the wall with half booths/half chair seating, at a community table in the center, or at the bar. We ordered the fennel poppyseed crusted tuna salad to start. It came with 6 slices of seared tuna, plus fennel and carrots in a light cranberry colored sauce that I can't remember the name of. I could have eaten two of these. It was delicious. For pizza, we ordered the house made sausage which was VERY good, and a little spicy. There's definitely a kick there. And to even it out, we went with the asparagus pizza on the server's recommendation. Both were excellent. The service was great, and I liked that the prices included tax. A nicer place to dine at for about $15 bucks a person (three of us went). Although, we didn't order any drinks, even though the drink menu looked very interesting. Next time.
First the atmosphere here is top notch. Went here on a Friday night with some friends and the it was crowded. We got a table quick and met some great people. The drinks are simply amazing the "Smooth Operator" is a must have. Excellent bartenders a must go to whenever I'm in town.  This might be the only place in buffalo where the drinks and atmosphere are better then the food and the foods damn good.
Okay, so this is an establishment that specializes in prohibition-style mixed drinks and pizza (hence 'pizzeria' in the name -- love those descriptive names). I've had mixed experiences here (puns!) so bear with me a bit. Food: The food here is okay. It's pizza, mostly, and pizza is rarely two things: great or terrible. I wouldn't go so far as to say that the pizza is outright bad or that it's fantastic. In my experience, it is of the flatbread variety (i.e., it's not super doughy), and a passable facsimile for brick-oven fired. The ingredients are fine and the execution is good. I've never been disappointed but I've never been blown-away. Let's get on the level: you're not here for the food, you're here to get blotto. That brings me to... Drinks: The drinks tend to be pretty good. The barkeeps are capable, which may sound like damning with faint praise but it's hard to find a capable bartender. They are able to make, with proficiency, the classic drinks by which you would usually rate a bartender (old fashioned, martini, Manhattan, sidecar, &c.). The drinks are a little on the pricy side ($10/drink) but you aren't going to be able to have four or five and walk out of there, so just calm down on how expensive you think it is. There are usually some other drinks that you can order (specialty drinks or some such) but I usually avoid those as they sound awfully cute, and nothing good comes when you try to get cute. Ambiance: I'm not really sure on what I should make of this place qua establishment/crowd. On the one hand, it seems like a chill place on a weeknight before 9 ("It's like, totes chill, brah."); the décor is fine and the space is comfortable. On the other hand, if you are there on a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or after 9, it's the worst place in the world (some hyperbole). The bar fills up with swollen dudes wearing contrasted cuff button-downs and washed-out jeans acting uber-alpha. Of course, when you throw in some alcohol the situation goes from rather-uncomfortable-but-mildly-amusing to instantiated-dreadful-nightmare-of-what-you-hoped-­the-world-would-never-be. So, you'll want to avoid that. Or, if that's your thing, you'll want to make sure to attend. I would just like to mention that since it is a prohibition-style bar I would love to see a fight in the old-timey boxing style outside there. Two dudes with handlebar mustaches and sailor tattoos duke it out and then hop on their penny-farthings and ride off into the night. That's what I was really hoping for but, alas, it's just a bunch of bros. Yet another way adult life has been a huge disappointment.
Vera is not a place to go often.  It's expensive (10 dollars for a cocktail) and often crowded.  But, it is a good place - and I can't give it a negative review for being popular or classic. Vera's cocktails are some of the best in Buffalo and while the price is a little steep, if you want a one-drink night, this is a nice way to do it.  They use fresh ingredients and know how to mix - plus the cocktails on their menu are interesting tasting.  I just wish their ice cubes were smaller - they use a single, large ice cube for their drinks.  Which is pretty cool when you think about it... and then you realize that you want all that to be liquor too.  But I digress... The pizzas are pretty good - though I am a vegetarian, so I haven't had many of them.  The beet pizza is wonderful, though can be a little tough sometimes.  But, it's a nice pizza. My warning would be to check out what the crowd is like.  Some nights, it is packed and no fun at all.  And the crowd changes every night - sometimes they are nice people and sometimes they are wanna-be hipsters who don't realize they are yuppies-in-training.  (Wow, I'm judgmental, right?) Going early for a pizza and drink is perfect, especially since you get more face time with the bartenders.  They are friendly, smart, and fantastic at putting on the actual show of bartending.  And are often generous when you are face to face with them.
Really fantastic spot. It's a legit cocktail bar like you'd find in NYC, with a friendly Buffalo atmosphere and great food. I've been a couple times now and it's consistently high-quality. The pizzas are generous and delicious. The drinks are outstanding -- the menu changes by season, and if you're at the bar, John the bartender can find something for your needs. It's not cheap, but I'll go as often as I can. Oh, and don't miss the fried-to-order homemade donut holes with warm Nutella dipping sauce.
I liked Vera for the certain richness the food has. I tried smoked pork pizza first. The smoky pork in combination with the dark red, almost concentrated tomato sauce resulted in an indescribably deep flavor. I also had a pasta on the specials menu, penne with a garlic cream sauce, sun dried tomatoes, corn and steak. Both items each had incredible balance of flavors without being so predictable. Vera's chef definitely has a  strong handle on what makes a solid dish. Also, I hear they make a good cocktail.
AMAZING cocktail menu. Bartenders are truly fantastic and make works of art with their menu. Have been back multiple times and have tried everything from my first Old Fashioned, to the Desperado, to the Duchess, Duke, Maple Old Fashioned and North Star-- every single one was as delicious as the next. NOTE: this was over multiple trips to Vera's and not all in one night... whew. The first night I was there we also ate dinner. Pizzas were decent, my porchetta was just ok. Would definitely come back for pizzas and drinks. Great place for an after work or after dinner cocktail. Order a pizza if the drinks are too strong and enjoy the munch. Get a spot at the bar and talk to the really amazing bartenders. They answered all my questions about the lovely libations they shake up. It was really interesting and fun.
I wish I had read the reviews before I strong-armed some friends into eating here.  We arrived right at 5pm when the place opened and sat at the bar for drinks.  The music was surprisingly loud, but it wasn't bad.  The drinks I had were delicious - I had the Earhart, which is the only vodka drink on the menu and comes with a berry puree, and The Bees Knees, with gin, fresh squeezed lemon juice and honey. I started with the Caesar Salad with Calamari, which was good, but was surprised that it was their only salad with greens on the menu... you would think they would have something without meat.    For my meal I ordered the Potato Rosemary pizza with an egg... breakfast pizza!  I was very disappointed...I am grateful that I ordered it with the egg, because it was the only thing that provided a bit of moisture to the pizza.  It was SO dry!  All it needed was some more olive oil brushed on the crust, and maybe some more on the potatoes and it would have been fantastic!   I needed to bring some food home for my boyfriend so I ordered the Bianco Pizza and Crab and Shrimp Canneloni to go.  His pizza was also dry and too sweet from the ricotta.  The Canneloni was delicious, but overpriced for Buffalo.   I really hope that they are still working out the kinks, because Buffalo really needs a high-quality, thin-crust pizzeria... unfortunately, this doesn't yet fit the bill.
Was back here for drinks again on Tuesday night. I gotta say my first experience was quick as it was crowded and my buddy ordered me a drink. This time was a bit more intimate and got a better feel for the place. Now it was pretty busy for around midnight when we showed up. For drinks we had the Duke and a Blood and Sand. The Duke was amazing, a scotch based drink with a hint of Cola flavor but no actual soda put in it. Blood and Sand was also delicious with a bit more fruity citrusy flavor. Serious drinks being made with a pre-Prohibition flare. If you haven't been here yet, definitely worth checking out.
Great drinks and atmosphere.
Vera is a gem. I'm giving it four stars only because I haven't ate there. But I will soon. The atmosphere and drinks make me feel like a classy NYC bar but in buffalo. Last night was their two year anniversary and they celebrated in style! Keep an eye out for many years to come and dare I say even more locations? Great job here I can't wait to go back.
I have been to Vera many times over the past year and cannot recommend it highly enough. There is no better cocktail in Western New York. This is the type of place where you can it at the bar and just tell the bar tender what type of alcohol you are in the mood for and they will take it from there. My favorite nights are week nights where there is room to sit at the bar and you can have a conversation with the bartenders and experiment with drinks. A few reviews mention the cocktail pricing($10) being high. Their cocktails are hand crafted with many house made ingredients and take time and skill to make the right way. My wife and I always try to check out cocktail bars in other cities when travelling. Similar bars tend to charge from 10-18 for their cocktails. Before you says that, this is Buffalo, the $18 cocktails were in Cleveland. The food is great too, definitely get the garlic twists and I am a big fan of the Vera Sausage pizza that has a very spicy tomato sauce.
I visited a second time and was much happier with the food.  The garlic knots and arrancini appetizers were delicious.  The pizza was much better, and I would rate it 4 stars.  I had the fennel taleggio pizza and it was very nice.  The dough was crispier and the flavors were more pronounced.  We also had one of the specials, a spicy tomato and meatball pizza with olives.  This pizza was good but had no spice at all.   The drinks are still 5 stars.   We really enjoyed our evening, although the dining room was LOUD and it was hard to hear.  I'm glad we gave Vera another chance!  I will definitely go back.  I hope Vera takes off and keeps getting better and better.
Garlic knots = heaven. Would return just for these. Enjoy while hot. Make sure your date eats some too so ur not the only one reeking of garlic. Pesto/goat cheese pizza is awesome Homemade sausage pizza is awesome The others.... Margherita is ok, porchetta is not for me. Will be returning for sure!
Far from great but no terrible. Bartenders can't make a Long Island....or won't? Asked for a Long Island and the bartender handed me a drink menu with a bunch of there house cocktails which came out to be about 4oz of liquid(tasted like half a shot) in a tiny glass and cost 10$. Pizza was alright but the menu is confusing.
During my previous visit to Buffalo - a town that my wife and I now frequent - we were asking locals about the best places for things like craft cocktails, whiskey bars, and good food. Vera was mentioned by a few people as our one-stop solution to all three, so we walked through the doors ready to be wowed...and maybe that was the first real problem. We walked in and stood at the hostess stand for a minute (in those moments, a minute feels MUCH longer). The bar area was packed, which isn't a surprise for a Friday after a workday. The bartender noticed us as I approached to get the scoop on the seating situation. I told her we'd probably sit at a table, so she sent someone to seat us. It was an odd interaction. They might be better off allowing people to seat themselves. It's a small place, and it would be better than having patrons aimlessly left wondering what to do upon entering the place. Of course, that would require a waitstaff capable of recognizing customers. More on that later. When a place has the reputation for being a craft cocktail bar, our expectations are this...tell the bartender what kind of spirit you like, what kind of character you like, and let the mixologist do his or her thing. More often than not, this results in a good, if not great, drink. My wife attempted this approach as their limited menu only had about 9 specialty drinks, and none of them really sounded great to her. The drink that she received was awful. She asked for a drink with gin and basil...something lighter. First, the waitress said she didn't think they had basil (yet, we saw it right there on the menu for the margherita pizza?!?!). What she received tasted like cheap gin and an overwhelming amount of simple syrup. As first-time customers, we let it go, and she switched to wine. Bad sign for a cocktail bar when your patron opts for the house cab. For me, I just wanted a whisky. I asked what kind of Scotch or bourbon they had? Our waitress had no idea. She said they had Bulleit (and Bulleit Rye) - which is perfectly fine - and she thought they had one or two Scotches, neither of which she could name. Wow...okay. This experience isn't going well at all so far. I guess we can cross this place off as both a place to enjoy whisky OR craft cocktails. I guess we'll let the food improve our outlook... We ordered a margherita pizza, garlic twists, and shrimp fritters. The fritters were okay, but very spicy and too gooey inside. I didn't mind the heat, but they weren't advertised as spicy. Black pepper was in the ingredients mentioned, but that doesn't usually mean "spicy." My wife took a few bites and I was left eating them all. The garlic twists were really good, and the fig jam was great for dipping. I wasn't a fan of the garlic ricotta dip, though, as the garlic was simply too overwhelming. The garlic on the twists were enough. The ricotta should've just tempered that instead of scaring me away from it. The pizza was actually pretty good. They did a good job with the crust, which was crisp enough to not get soggy in the middle, and the sauce and amount of cheese was good. Overall, I'd say the food is the only reason I opted to not give Vera one star, but it wasn't good enough to change our feelings on the experience. Oh, and I enjoyed the olive bread, but my wife - who hates olives - didn't eat any of it. Perhaps a more neutral bread would be better to serve with dinners. I liked it, but I can see it being a love/hate thing with customers. Finally, the service. As mentioned before, our server couldn't name their limited whisky list, and then she didn't understand why my wife would want an off-menu drink mixed up. She did a fair job throughout our meal and the food came out fast, but never checked back to see if I needed another drink, despite my glass sitting there empty for a half hour. When our friends joined us and only one of them got a drink, her attitude became sour and she didn't wait on us at all. She walked by our table countless times, refusing to even ask if we needed anything. The irony is that my wife and I spend a lot eating out, with my wife constantly taking customer out to dinners, and we tip way better than we should. This girl missed out by not doing her job. On top of that, she ruined the experience enough that we're left with negative reviews and an unwillingness to return. I hope Vera gets its act together, because it's a cool space with a lot of potential, but right now, there's no reason to add to the hype.
What a treat it is to come to Vera Pizza!  I look forward to not only the unbelievable creativity of their dishes, but the show their 'mixologists' put on at the bar.  Uniquely formatted, their menu offers something for the adventurous as well as the timid.  I being a bit of an Andrew Zimmerman if you will, really enjoy the inspiration that must go behind each and every ingredient in their signatures.  Although I wish the braised veal pumpkin mac n' cheese was an all-around staple, I truly look forward to the next seasonal twists as they are strategically introduced.  Continue to surprise me, Vera, I wouldn't want it any other way!
Zen and the Art of Crafting Cocktails: I've already waxed poetic about the drinks at Vera, not only in my last review, but in about every other review I've done of a restaurant in Buffalo which has a bar.  The reason, at first, is quite simple, this bar is the very best.  In regards to Western New York, they have singlehandedly redefined the Platonic ideal of the concept of a drinking establishment.  Vera created a Hegelian antithesis to the old Buffalo standards of what a bar is at its very nature.  Vera's philosophy states that it is not enough to serve a Gin and Tonic if you do not make your own tonic, or utilize a specialty Martini list which was handed to you by your liquor distributor.  Out of this antithesis came a synthesis in the creation or upgrade of various bars around Western New York: Mike A's, Cantina Loco, Cafe Aroma.  However, even the best of these bars do not compare with Vera.  There is a je ne sais quoi quality to their drinks which I have spent the better part of a year studying to figure out why they are so damn good.  Any monkey can make a drink taste good, hell I even make a decent cocktail now and again.  The old Buffalo approach is behavioralist, i.e. tasty drink makes mouth happy.  Vera is in the Gestalt camp; it takes more than an artist to elevate a drink to the next level, it takes a philosopher. The magic behind Vera are the bartenders Jon and Kerry, the Yin and Yang in perfect harmony  (I should have went with Ebony and Ivory).  Socrates said "the unexamined life is not worth living."  There are few people in Buffalo who illustrate that concept better than Jon and Kerry.   Jon is the mastermind behind Vera's philosophy, and bar manager extraordinaire.  It is his philosophy which Vera has wholeheartedly embraced, to examine every aspect of the bar, streamline production, use the finest quality ingredients and very old school technique.  However, out of this concept is a wonderful masculine artistry which shines though in everything he creates.  Jon is also a teacher.  He is not shy about the knowledge he has gleaned, and will pass it on to whomever is willing to listen. Kerry is the Yin to Jon's Yang.  A wunderkind in her own right, she was the student of Jon's philosophy, but this student has not only mastered Jon's technique, but has taken it to an amazing new depth.  Kerry's skill is in subtlety.  While Jon's drinks punch you in the face with his creativity, Kerry's drinks make you ponder their depths with her wonderful undertones.  This is especially prevalent when she utilizes stronger spices which could easily overpower a drink like star anise and cinnamon.  Her cocktails have an amazing balance and her passion for her trade is unabashed. However, Jon and Kerry bring more to the bar than a nuanced palate and skill for mixing, they are intellectuals, constantly plumbing the depths of their craft.  They have not just memorized cocktail recipes, they know the history of their artistry.  The bar at Vera has the greatest hand curated collection of spirits mine eyes have ever beheld.  What is more impressive is that Jon and Kerry know the history behind every bottle on that bar.  I've heard Jon quote the year certain liquors were first distilled without looking at the bottle.  To Jon and Kerry, cocktails are more than just a combination of liquors, they tell a story.  To them, it is as important to know how a cocktail chrysalizes (yeah, I made it up, just trying it on for size) into its present incarnation, as to what the ingredients are.  Like Freud, when one analyzes the seeds which birthed a classic cocktail, or the trial and tribulations it endured in its early years, one can manipulate and tweak ingredients to elevate it along its evolutionary path.  Finally, and most importantly, they know the histories and utilize the techniques of finest bartenders of today and yesteryear.  Walk into Savoy on Elmwood and see if they know who Harry Craddock was, I guarantee you Jon or Kerry could. Vera is the best because they intellectualize and examine, nay scrutinize every aspect of their business.  With their minds in the past and their eyes on the future, this bar is the very best that Buffalo has to offer.  Furthermore, through their passion for their artistry it makes the denizens of this tavern question the details of their very own lives, and yearn to strive for more, and it is there, in that striving where I would hope one finds the momentum for the forthcoming Buffalo Renaissance.  While Descartes was close, he was a bit off:  Bibo ergo sum.         *As a postscript, while I did not like the food at Vera when it first opened, the Chef has improved dramatically and clearly stands out as one of the most creative and talented chefs in Buffalo.  He cures pig cheeks like bacon, need I really say more?  I didn't think so.
I love coming here after a long day of work or for a night out.  It's a very relaxed atmosphere and the drinks are always made with such detail you get caught up in the artistry of it. The bartenders here are personable and have a passion for what they do and it reflects in the overall product.  The blinker is my go to, and the stuffed arancini is always a staple when I stop in.
First, the good:  Although the comparisons in other reviews to what you might find in NYC or another major city are NOT accurate, the cocktails are generally very good and the bartenders are friendly and attentive.  The food is good, not great, and is reasonably priced. My complaints:  I'm okay with $10 for a cocktail.  It's a bit of a stretch in Buffalo, but fine.  Unfortunately, the drinks here seem to be shrinking.  When I first started going here, $10 got you a well-mixed cocktail filled to the brim of your glass.  During my two most recent visits, the cocktails ranged from 1/2 to 3/4 inches below the rim of the glass.  If you're going to charge $10 for a drink in this market, you better not skimp on the product.
If you want the best cocktail of your life then this is the place to go.
Overall, I won't stop visiting this place but feel compelled to remark anyways. The staff bartenders are hit and miss. They can be snooty at times and helpful other times. But the drinks are overly sweet...they can't make a man's drink. It is obvious that this place was created with the female guest in mind, and I get that...but when you put so much sugar in a scotch drink...yikes. Time to just order a few shots on the rocks. I don't mind a free shot of fernet here and there; a nice touch. But I've also left very large tips on occasions and the same group of bartenders are oblivious. So, the tipping goes back to normal. First two experiences were good. Last three were not so good. Too pretentious those last three times. I can handle it, but it is really too obvious. And the pizza isn't special at all. Sometimes I wonder what the guise is all about. Be real, kids. And if I or my SO asks for a water, don't be a dick about it. It's what makes good bartenders and bad ones...even if we only buy one drink. No bartender should make a customer feel uncomfortable about asking for a water.
The cocktails are so innovative!  I had the "Earhart" which had St. Germain Elderflower liqueur, potato vodka, & fresh berry puree.  My husband had "The Duke" which had Amaro, bitters, rye, & sweet vermouth with an over-sized ice cube!  John the bartender was very professional, and knowledgeable!  The place was packed but the bartenders were so attentive & made sure all patrons were served.  Parking wasn't bad.  We got there at 7pm so the first wave of diners were leaving.  We didn't have any food, but the menu looked great.  We will return!!
Vera is exactly where I want to hang out and I've been multiple times since they opened. It is relaxed and warm, yet elegant and super cool. The speakeasy vibe is enhanced with the décor, music and a tv that plays old movies, but the modern architectural styling of the space make it very current. The staff is always putting on a "performance" with elaborate drink making techniques and the open kitchen that allows a clear view of everything. Although some find it a bit loud, I enjoyed the bustling atmosphere and the general feeling of camaraderie in the small location. They don't take reservations, so you may have to wait for a table, but that isn't really a problem when you can just visit the bar. The cocktail list is like no other in the Buffalo area. There are combinations that you would never think of, but every cocktail that I have tried has been delicious and given me a very nice buzz.   The food is authentic Northern Italian. It reminded me of my study abroad and sitting in my host parents' kitchen. When you order wine, they serve it in small water glasses. This might seem like a bit of a shocker at first, but it brought me right back to the many homes in Italy who use Nutella glasses for wine. For apps, we had the arrancini and the meat and cheese plate. The meat and cheese plate was a perfect start to the evening, but it should be mentioned that it does not come with bread. I didn't need any, however, the table next to us was perplexed with the lack of carb. The arancini is a fist sized risotto ball filled with herbed goat cheese and fried. It is served in an amazing spicy tomato sauce and there is where I wish I had bread to lap it all up. The sauce was smooth and spicy with the most perfect hint of citrus to round it out. For dinner, we had the fennel tallegio pizza and the porchetta pizza. The fennel tallegio was delightful, with hints of herb oil and hazelnuts. The porchetta was divine; there were huge pieces of pork and the fat was crispy and melted in your mouth. When we were there for dinner, it was busy. We had waited 15 minutes for a table (enjoying a cocktail) and there were groups waiting for tables as we were finishing our meal. As we got the bill, paid and finished our cocktails, the server repeatedly reminded us "no hurry." It was so refreshing to not feel rushed, even though they clearly had more customers and were waiting to turn our table. Brava Vera!
When I walked into this place it smelled delicious. The drink selection is pretty decent but the food was sub par. I think that the location is the a unique one that works well for them. Parking is pretty horrible, and when if you do happen to find parking spot close then it's your lucky day.
Meh. I'm from Italy, and since I've moved to the US I've been craving for authentic Italian pizza. I really hoped that this place was going to be what the name promises - a REAL pizzeria. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Their pizza has noting to do with its Italian counterpart. The crust was hideous, overcooked and too crunchy, everything was covered in an unnecessary amount of (bland) tomato sauce to the point that the mozzarella cheese was hard to spot, and worst of all there was grated Parmesan cheese on top - a total no-no in Italy. The only decent thing seemed to be the cocktails. I might be back for those, but for sure not for food.
Had a pretty good time here w/some friends around Xmas '12. Haven't had the food at all. VERY crowded that night. Kinda disappointed to find them closed on 7/6/13, they were out on vacation. Couldn't have known they'd be really, I was in Bflo on vacation.
Cocktail culture invites both boneheaded snobbery and know-nothing philistinism. Your best bet in this town is to eschew both, order a house specialty, and enjoy yourself. Most of the drinks here are excellent, and the food is passable. Be forewarned that the prices are steep by Buffalo standards.
This place is always jam packed and full of life. It hasn't been around long, but these people know what they're doing. The pizzas here are SOO GOOD. If you're a vegetarian or meat lover they have a pizza for you. The Vera Sausage is a personal favorite, but make sure to check out their specials as well. I've also had a duck pizza, the margherita, caprese, and more. If you're not sitting at the bar it's an intimate setting(alittle loud) but candle lit. Apparently their drinks are awesome as well. Alittle on the pricy side but fresh and strong when it needs to be. Definitely check this place out if you want a late night dinner or to enjoy the bar!
I love their drinks. A lil' pricy but it's good.
It was good, but nothing worth returning for.  Nice cocktail menu but expensive for small drinks.  I was excited to have a Pisco Sour, which isn't served at most places.  We had 9 people and ordered 5 pizzas and two orders of garlic knots.  Just enough food for everyone. The pizzas are unique - fig/pear, caprese, chicken/mushroom, sausauge/peppers, arugala/mushroom. The desserts weren't anything special, they sounded better than they were. They don't serve coffee!!!!  How do you sell cakes without coffee?!  Overall, wasn't a bad experience, just nothing great.
Opening jitters gone, feet down and running hard.  I felt it was my obligation to let people know that this place is finally established and easily the best drinks in Buffalo.  Food needs work but with some time and understanding im sure that it will get there too.
Awesome thin crust pizza and cocktail menu. Great atmosphere inside.
I love this place. Beautiful people excellent service and great food. Lovely atmosphere. I'm addicted to the Hot Buttered Rum. Please pour it on me when I pass away then push me out to sea and make your fire arrows count.
Just down the street from me, don't know what took me so long to finally stop in here but I'm glad I did.  This chic neighborhood pre-prohibition bar serves some top-shelf cocktails (each $11) and is a great atmosphere to hang out w/ friends.  They really stay true to the theme w/ the decor and even the TV plays in only black & white.  In a neighborhood filled w/ dive bars, Vera is definitely the option for a classier night out.
First time there with a friend, no reservation at 7PM, seated right away even though the bar area was busy. Even though its loud, and that's an understatement, it was really nice. I was very comfortable and really enjoyed the surroundings. A very different and classy cocktail menu awaits for you, expertly prepared... but $10/drink with an ice cube the size of a glacier in the glass? Really? Actually I didn't mind, being that it was so good. I had a goat cheese, flank steak & fig pizza which was without question perfectly balanced and delicious! , Our server was right there when we needed her, friendly and attentive without being annoying, excellent job. Oh yea, the garlic twists are amazing too! Thanks Vera!
For starters, I did not eat here when I visited about two weeks ago.  I only went to try some cocktails, as I heard that they were doing craft cocktails and that's enough to get me in the door.  I'm a bit of a cocktail snob and was excited that Buffalo finally seemed to be catching on with the nation-wide retro cocktail trend.   A friend and I each ordered a different whisky-based drink, and stood around sipping until two seats at the bar opened up.  The bartenders were super friendly, and even while they were busy, they managed to keep up conversation with us.  I'm the kind of person who will start asking all kinds of questions about cocktails, whisky, bitters, syrups, and definitely can come off as the snob I already told you I can be (in my defense, I also like Molson Canadian and a nice Colt 45 40oz on the porch).  The bartenders humored me and we traded some cocktail experiences in other towns.  After developing somewhat of a report, I asked the bartender to just make me up something off the top of their head.  I love it when a bartender is up for this, as you never know what you'll get, and if they are a craft bartender, they like the challenge.  My friend followed suit, and we were both pleased with our drinks.   Even without trying the pizza, I would make this place a regular hang, but parking isn't always easy, and it would be hard to take a larger group in to hang out after a show or concert.  Plus, at $10/drink, the bill adds up quickly.  I think I'll save Vera for the nights that I want to sip artistically, but don't feel like getting my bar dirty at home.
Best cocktails I've ever had. Tried the Duchess & St Germaine, two savory cocktails, which were made to absolute perfection. The Earhart is great as well (a sweet berry cocktail). Decor is fun; best described as swanky post-industrial, trying just hard enough to please (pizza was good but not overly pretentious; crust was marvelous; potato soup dressed with truffle oil, a win). Didn't come here for the food, though - cocktails were my focus and I was so, so rewarded. A bit of refinement in a city that is otherwise overfrequented by sports bars and Canadian beer. Though I've never been to New Orleans, I was somehow reminded of it - jamais vu?
I just went to Vera for the first time the other night and I was happy to see that the hype over the drinks was well-deserved. I had "The Earhart" and another drink that I can't remember the name of, it was "buttered rum" something, but anyway it was the probably one of the most delicious drinks I've ever had in my life. My boyfriend had the "Blood & Sand" and another cocktail that had a sprig of thyme in it...I believe it was gin based. But, those were wonderful as well and something that tasty and unique is definitely worth the $10 in my opinion. We also had the oxtail pizza, which was pretty good. But I wish we would have tried some of the other items on the menu like the duck or the pumpkin mac and cheese since they sounded so appealing! The only issue I take with Vera is that it is very small and if I didn't have a seat at the bar I don't know that I would feel comfortable standing around. But overall, I enjoyed my experience and I will definitely be going back!
Been several times now, for drinks, snacks and dinner. Food has been consistently good. Cocktails have been consistently fantastic. This has quickly become one of my favorite places to hang.
This review is for drinks only, and they are so good. A little pricey for this area, but worth it because they are of high quality. I tried the honey pot and the 212 - extremely refreshing for a hot summer night. Can't wait to try their other seasonal drinks.
Came here with a few girlfriends and could not have been happier!  The food was fantastic and the cocktails are very imaginative. I had the caprese pizza with an egg.  The crust was soft and substantial.  I can't wait to go back!
The cocktails are wonderful and always changing. The food is great too. My qualm with the place is the volume inside. I've only been later in the evening, when it is more of a bar scene, but I have never had so much trouble holding a conversation in a bar or restaurant. It is a vicious cycle because the music is so loud that patrons have to yell, which only makes it louder. As a result, Vera's is a bad place to socialize. I would easily give Vera's five stars if they turned their music down a little!
I finally got to try this place.  It was a very nice experience.  The flat bread pizzas are excellent.  We split one with banana peppers which was very spicy!  It looks like a fun place to go for drinks, and I intend on returning to do so.  The list is extensive and has unique cocktails that look awesome.  I only had one because I was babysitting later that evening, but it sure was delicious.  Our server was attentive and made sure my little water glass was always full.
OK, this has been a long time coming. A few weeks ago, I was with a group, and they really wanted to go to Vera. I was uncharacteristically pessimistic, as my last trip hadn't gone so well, and I had written as such. So when I walked in, I had set the bar pretty low. To my surprise, they not only passed it but hit the standard I had expected when I first visited. First off, and I know this is going to sound crazy, was the bread. It was vastly better. I know it's strange to talk about, but when you're working on a drink and your food still hasn't come, it's all you really have to occupy yourself. Remembering last time, taking some was a bit of a last resort yet to my surprise it was...good. It won't blow you out of the water, but there was a proper amount of salt to help the crumb, and it had a nice crust. Should this be rote for all restaurants? Maybe, but it does counter a problem I had mentioned before. I kept my drink choices as douche free as I could, and was rewarded with a very tasty concoction reminiscent of a margarita (of the non-frozen mix variety). I will repeat that while the drinks are very tasty, they are indeed small, especially when you factor in the big block of ice they drop in and also that as a result, the going rate for a small, non-nightclub place in Buffalo is fairly high. Worth it? It depends on how much you like to pay for a drink. In spite of the heat, people at my table wanted soups. Still waiting for my pizza, and starting to get hungry now, I sampled a little and found that I rather liked it. Their creamy spinach soup was like drinking...well, really good creamed spinach. There's nothing wrong with appealing to flavors that people like, and make them comfortable and think of home, and they did it in an elegant and refined way. The cheese plate they brought out was pretty good, if unspectacular. When the pizzas came, I had stuck with a simple pizza margherita, and I am very glad that I did. It was pretty good, though I wish they had added a touch more cheese. I know that it's supposed to be minimalist, hell that's why I picked it, but I think just a little more would have prevented the wide swaths of ok sauce with that very nice crust. When all ingredients were present, it sang. I will repeat my earlier opinion here: go simple here. The blue cheese, pear and caramelized onion pizza (from one person at my table) still was stacking sweet on sweet on sweet. In the end, I had to write this because pretty much everything I had that night either addressed, or circumvented my complaints from the last visit. Did I, knowing their weaknesses, play into their strengths? Maybe. Did a few things really surprise me and show marked improvement?  Absolutely. I stand by the things I said in my last review, even if I was a bit of a douche at times while writing in, but isn't the whole point of reviewing something so people know what the best and worst things about a place, of knowing what to do to maximize the fun for your dollar? In the end, one thing stayed the same above all else: The best things I had that night were simply prepared, with a few simple ingredients, and there is NOTHING wrong with that, as long as they are of high quality. I don't think I'll ever jump for joy at coming here, but it's a very solid option for a night out.
I went to Vera Pizzeria just after it opened, so I assume they have had the opportunity to work out some kinks and improve upon some menu items since my visit. With that said, I found the pizza to be mediocre. The flavors didn't really come together, especially on the fig and prosciutto pizza ( which came to the table lacking prosciutto). The appetizers were far better than the pizzas, a burrata salad with truffle oil was creamy and earthy, and the arancini balls had a surprisingly lemony finish. The  inventive cocktails, however, are the real star; one of my favorites featured rosemary and orange. The restaurant is cozy, and well-decorated, and sets itself apart from other places in Buffalo thanks to its rustic charm. This is a great place for appetizers and drinks, but the main courses and pizza need some work.
There's a fernet bicycle parked outside. About time Buffalo.
Worst service. Was overcharged nearly 3 weeks ago, owner neglects my calls and refused to refund my one drink in addition to refunding the money I was initially owed. What a way to run a business. No concern for customers, don't trust them with your money!
Vera was a MAJOR disappointment. Everything was tremendously overpriced, from the cocktails to the food. If I'd been blown away by the quality, it would've been one thing, but I left wholly unimpressed. My peposo stew with gnocchi ($17) was served in a teeny-tiny little bowl with three pathetic gnocchi on top. It was good but forgettable. I'm not the kind to demand Buffalo-sized portions, especially at more upscale eateries, but I left so hungry that I had chicken fingers at The Place afterward. Everyone agreed that the pizza was underwhelming and that the sauce seemed like little more than tomato paste. The cocktails were good but not particularly strong, and while $10 apiece might be a steal in NYC, it seemed a little high for Buffalo. It's too bad because the city could use more creative cocktail bars. Next time I'm in the mood for Italian-style pizza, I'll stick with Romeo and Juliet's.
We randomly walked into this place for a drink and was pleasantly surprised. The cocktails were delicious, the bartenders were artistic, and the ambiance had a great vibe. I did not try the food here but the drinks definitely satisfied and took us back to the prohibition era. I am from NYC and this reminded me of the bar scene from back home. A rare gem in Buffalo.
Two people I know had been saying pretty good things about this place, had to check it out. The two star rating I gave it sums it up perfectly, "Meh, I've experienced better." The drinks were good, not other wordly as some people describe them. Service, not bad, not great, then again it's not fine dining. The place is definitely LOUD, even w/o a full house, if you're hearing isn't perfect be prepared to say "WHAT?" a lot. Now the pizza, let me focus just on the dough, my pizza was bland . The crust was not crisp at all, what the hell? The mozzerella was completely tasteless, seems like they get their cheese  from the same place La Nova does. Finally, the sparesness of the other toppings, another what the hell? I don't expect it to look like the meat lovers Pizza Hut pizzas from their commercials but still. The pizza is a notch or two below Bambino's wood fired pizza, which is so-so at best. If you open an upscale pizza place in Buffalo your pizza should kick ass, right? Maybe I'm expecting too much.
The drink menu is amazing, refreshingly different. Bartenders are some of the best. The food however, leaves something to be desired. I've tried to eat here a few times, and honestly just not impressed at all. Disappointing.  Not real big on their food combinations; never sounds appealing and I'm somewhat of a foodie. Love eating out just not here. I do love the actual establishment itself. It feels like you're stepping back in time; during prohibition.love love love it!  Awesome job! Excellent place for drinks....but that's it.
I finally got a chance to go here.  Yes drinks are a little pricy, but they are great.  Think about how you go to a place and drop $30 on cheep beer just to get a little buzz, now take that $30 and get 3 quality drinks and you don't hate yourself the next day.  I also decided to get some pizza and I wasn't disappointed.  Normally I'm not a fan of saucy pizza, but the one I chose had sausage, spicy sauce, goat cheese, and banana peppers.  There was a lot of sauce, but it worked.  I tried hard not to eat the whole thing, and even brought home two slices only to eat them later that night, so maybe in the end you will hate yourself when you go here.  The bartenders were really great, and the people who hung out at the bar were friendly as well.  I really loved the look of the place as well as the surrounding neighborhood.  My only problem were the bar stools, my fat is all in my gut, so my bony ass needs some cushion.  Also the backs of the stools seemed flimsy.  I get the look they were going for, but I'd rather be comfortable.  So if you want to get away from the Elmwood or Hertel Strips I highly recommend giving Vera a try.
I dont even know where to begin. I guess I can start by saying that I travel all over the world for business and have eaten in some of the finest restaurants on this planet and have never been treated so poorly.  I love to support Buffalo the city that I grew up in. and love!  Nothing makes me more happy  then to  see local business succeed, but Vera Pizza needs to be reminded that in-fact this is Buffalo. My girl friend and I droppped in last week for a cocktail, we were told they dont make regular drinks and only have two kinds of vodka. Then the bar tender thru two menus at us and said here it the drink menu, thats all you can get here! This was after waiting 15 minutes. You can only order prohibition style drinks in this place... Ok again this is Buffalo. The ironic thing is that if you walk across the street to the Place, they make one of the best drinks around ! The Tom and Jerry's that are served during the Xmas holiday are are amazing and authentic old school. No attititude at the Place, its the real deal. Not a poser bar.. Also I have eaten the pizza at Vera , and it is not brick oven pizza. I feel bad for  all the locals who fall for the phoney arrogance  and spend their hard earned money here
The food was good.  I was with a group, so we tried most of the pizzas and all were delicious. The bar was another thing.  Everything on the (rather pretentious)cocktail menu looked delicious and creative.  At ten bucks a pop, they ought to be, but in reality they were less  impressive, and their preparation slowed down bar service measurably.  I ordered a martini and it was watery, bland and not nearly cold enough-served in a half full, unchilled, too big cocktail glass.   "Oh no", said the young man. "This is the classic recipe.  2 ounces of gin and 1 ounce of vermouth."  --Which of course is bulls#it,.  It may have been the case early on when gin was nasty and needed to be diluted, but not in my drinking lifetime.  He proceded to make me another, drier one by measuring 2 precise ounces of gin - airport style- in an ice filled glass pitcher, and then left it to tend to another patron.  Then he stirred and poured into another unchilled, too big glass.  Mmmmm.  Less vermouth, more water.    A decent martini isn't rocket science and a bar whose theme is classic cocktails ought to serve a great one.
this is by far the swankiest pizzeria i've been to in ages!!! drinks are fab and the pizza is so fun! definitely a good suggestion for an affordable date night
