Fantastic deep tissue massage by therapist Sarah: I highly recommend her. Hand and Stone Spa was able to schedule me for a 60 minute massage the same day I called. Last minute I needed to change the time of the massage and they were still able to take me. Sarah was a delight, super easy going and friendly. During the massage I found some of her techniques to be painful, but I walked out of that room feeling lighter than when I walked in. She really worked my quads and IT band well. If I lived closer, I'd definitely visit her monthly, especially since the price is exceptionally reasonable. Overall - a fabulous and memorable experience.
Good - Clean spa, great atmosphere. Jess (massage therapist) was great, Teresa (aesthetician) was great Bad - The front desk staff were impersonal, borderline rude, didn't listen or look at me while HARD SELLING the membership before I could leave. My husband bought me 2 hours of relaxation for our anniversary and by the time I walked out of there, I was irritated and annoyed. Stress relief NULLIFIED. I will not be returning. I guess if you plan on getting a membership it's worth a try. Then they may treat you like they value your business...
From the previous disappointment, an upgrade was granted from your customer service representative.  I had asked her if the upgrade would apply to the same service that I had originally was disappointed from.  She concurred.  I made my appointment over the phone with the same esthetician for the service that I originally had.  I explained to the receptionist that I expect to only be charged for the monthly credit, and the upgrade should be complimentary.  Upon my arrival, I noticed that the manager, that I originally had the disagreement from the first incident was present and come to find out that I was booked with the wrong esthetician.  I inquired.  The correction was made by the manager.  After the service, I attempt to check out for my services, and the manager was not accepting the complimentary upgrade.  I explained the previous situation involving her and regarding speaking to her customer service representative.  She ultimately took the "discount", but the whole interaction left a sour taste in my mouth. I had a negative experience prior to this, and your customer service representative tried to rectify the situation. So, I tried once again, to give you establishment another chance, and yet I was disappointed again. I think I will be taking my business to another franchise, and if this is how all your franchises work, I think I will cancel my membership.
Hand and Stone Spa is a clean and comfortable spa in Lake Mary. I signed up for the membership for my much needed massages, it' great for my aching body. Getting old is no fun! I front desk staff is very friendly, they greet you with a bottle of water every time. Very nice decor, the minute you walk in you already feel relaxed. The rooms are dim and massage tables are comfortable. I have not found the right person yet for the type of massage I like. I like a really firm massage and the only ones I have gotten have been just ok. I have only had female masseuses, I will have to book a male next time so hopefully I can get a firmer massage. Otherwise Hand and Stone is a great place to go for a massage. The parking lot is sometimes a pain to deal with depending on the time of day you go.
Had a great introductory facial that didn't last 60 min. but thought it was worth the 49.00. I won't pay the normal full price as this is something that I would like to do more than once in a blue moon. Caution about buying the products. I found out that I am allergic to the face cleaners and moisturizer but it took a week for me to figure it wasn't a food allergy or something else. Spent the 43.00 and can't get a refund unless I returned it within 3 days. It took me a bit longer than 3 days to see that it was the face soap. I think that this is a rip off as the products came in a over stuffed pouch and were very tiny for the price. Now a wasted expense for me. This put me into the opinion of not to return even when a blue moon.
An update to my previous experience with Stacy the esthetician. After the manager Sophia did absolutely nothing to rectify the situation, I asked for an owner to call me. I also posted on Hand and Stone's Facebook page. Magically, all but one if my posts disappeared.Two days later, I got a call from Ofelia (not a manager or owner and apparently the person who calls to confirm your appointments!) She said she was mortified when she heard about what happened and apologized for Stacy and for Sophia's completely unprofessional behavior. She offered me a foot massage upgrade. I declined. She did end up offering a free facial with a microdermabrasion upgrade, which I accepted. Obviously, I wasn't going to go with Stacy. I asked for the most experienced/popular esthetician. She didn't book me with what I asked for after asking around, so I rescheduled. All in all, the situation was handled poorly. Unfortunately I never got a call from any of the owners. It sounds like this location is going downhill fast. Even one if the awesome front desk girls left. Only one of those girls is friendly now...and I think she's moving on to something else, too. Hand and Stone needs to get it together.
My five star rating is for Anisa! She is wonderful, my face glows whenever I receive a facial from Anisa. She is friendly, consistent and offers products she truly thinks will help. The reception desk is always very friendly as well.
I have never had a professional massage before, but I know generally what to expect.  This place really did a great job! It's tucked into a cute little shopping center by the Panera.  It's very inviting and tranquil when you first arrive and the employees at the front desk were very gracious and polite. Rose did my massage and she did a marvelous job.  Very casual, helped me, as a massage newbie, to understand how she would work and how to work with her to get me some stress relief!  I had the Swedish massage and foot treatment.  If you like pedicures, get the foot treatment and paint your nails at home - it's softer than any salon I've been to! Some upselling was done, but nothing you felt pressured into.  The lifestyle program is $50/month and seems like a great bargain if you can spend the cash!  Many of the other people that I briefly shared the waiting room with seemed to be regulars.
I recently had a massage here at the Lake Mary location and it was one of the best I have ever had.  My therapist, Violet, was very talented.  She applied the perfect amount of pressure and I left feeling so much better. The spa is soothing and clean. It's hard to believe that it is a "discount" massage place. If you are feeling tight or tense, this is an excellent place to ease your pain.
I am thouroughly impressed with this spa. The ladies at the check in counter were so friendly and very helpful to any questions I had since this was my first profesional massage. The spa is cozy and modern. Located right in the heart of Heathrow. You could totally miss this gem if you didn't know it was there. My therapist Tony was also very nice and made me feel very special. I had just run a 5k in the freezing weather and he gave me some great advice on dehydration and other athletic stuff.  I knew right then that he was the perfect man for this job! I chose to have the hot stone massage and the exfoliation food rub. After all, we all deserve to treat ourselves kindly. :D  AMAZING!!!!   Tony was so gentle, he coaxed me to breath deeply and to be relaxed and comfortable.  I actually think I dozed off at one point, it was so blissful! Tony was very profesional and me being a lady, he gave me just enough privacy that it didn't seem like he was uncomfortable which helped me ease into relaxation better.   The foot exfoliation was a great way to top off the full body massage...pure bliss!!! On my way out, the ladies at the counter were very interested in my experience and were very chatty in a genuine sense, not a "it's my job and I have to ask how things went" way. I have become a member there...so, apparently I really like it! haha For this being a new spa to the area, they have got there stuff in order!!! Definetly check it out, ask for Tony, I never knew a man could be that gentle! :D
The staff and massage therapists are all excellent. I would recommend this location to anybody looking for a nice relaxing massage or other spa services.
I just had the best deep tissue massage I have ever had and a great price.  She used  just the right pressure, and really fixed the knots in my back and shoulders.  I assume all the therapists are good, because the place is always packed,  This is the best value in central Florida.
Excellent massage and great value. SUPER staff!!!!!!
I have had a few great massages and facials here. Very relaxing and polite front desk.
If you are not there within 5 minutes of your appointment, they give it away.  Doesn't matter that the parking lot is so full that you can't find a parking space.  And, of course they do not inform you of this little secret rule until you are standing there and the fat chick behind the counter tells you that she gave away your appointment 2 minutes ago.  And, on top of that - they hold your credit card so that if you are a no-show, they will charge you.    So you couldn't give me 2 minutes?!?!   Well, there are LOTS of other day spas in the area.
Wonderful experience!! Staff extremely professional and excellent at their trade. Very worth every penny spent...will be going back, though to the new location in Longwood.
This is by far the best place for a massage. The prices are so reasonable especially if you are a member. The staff is super friendly and the therapists are trained well. I  would recommend this place to anyone.
Great service, very clean and I leave every time feeling relaxed. Well worth it !!
My massage therapist was awesome , I'm in retail and this is a very stressful period for me I had the day off and had been looking forward to the massage all day and it was well worth it.  Since it was my first time with Jessica I didn't know what to expect but half way through the session I was relaxed and drifted off to sleep for a few minutes. Thank you Hand & Stone and Jessica you've got a new regular client.
I went for a massage for  after an injury to my neck. Trista was my therapist and she was wonderful.  Great pressure and really understood my needs and concerns. I used a promo offer but will join as a regular for the value.  Great place, tranquil..  accomodating staff .  Would recommend to anyone!
