I've been going to Aruba Nails religiously for the last 3 years. I typically have my eyebrows waxed, pink and white acrylics and a pedicure done. I love that I don't have to wait when I walk in, usually because I make an appointment. I love Tony and Linda, who both typically complete my services, but I've worked with their other techs in the past too and had excellent experiences. The shop is always clean, everyone is very friendly and I would highly recommend this salon to anyone in the area!
Okay, they've changed the name, which is why I drove past when I went there for my first appointment last month. It's now "Aruba Nails." I went for new pink and whites, after getting tired of the snappish attitude of my former manicurist. I was having lifting issues, too, and though my old manicurist gave the impression that I was doing something to cause the problem, I was convinced that wasn't true. Aaanyway . . . I saw Tony at Aruba/Bahama Nails. He was gentle, quick, and my pink and whites never lifted! They're they cleanest trim and most perfect shape I've ever had in over ten years of having acrylics! I can't tell you how pleased I am with the service. My work kept me really busy, so I had to go three weeks before I could schedule a fill-in (my scheduling issues, not theirs). Even after three weeks of abuse, my nails looked great. Of course, I had growth and desperately needed a fill-in, but I didn't have to hide my hands on those final days before my manicure. My fill-in appointment went smoothly and I walked out with gorgeous nails---again. The decor is kitschy--grass "roof" over the manicure tables, colorful chairs draped with beach towels--but it'll grow on you. A flat screen TV plays movies overhead, so you can relax and enjoy your mani-pedi, without being forced to chat, if you don't feel like it. Having said that, Tony proved to be an excellent conversationalist, but he also seemed to know, on my second visit, that I mostly wanted to chillax and be quiet. Fresh magazines (not years-old like some places), an offer of a cold drink, and baskets to put your purse in added to the special treatment. (No Coach on the floor issues). The pedicure chairs look soooo comfortable. That's on my list for the next visit!
I had an all over pleasant experience (acrylics) initially, but when I returned for a fill, it was a different story. Upon entering, I was greeted by one of two employees that were seated in the massage chairs. He abruptly told me they "were very busy" and could I "just come back." He did not offer a time frame nor did he offer for me to make an appointment to return. Instead of pointing out that he and another employee were lounging in the pedicure chairs a few moments ago, I just took my business elsewhere and will not be returning.
Very friendly, professional, and clean. I recommend making an appointment because they are sometimes too busy for walk-ins. Every service from a gel mani to a pedicure has been great!
Bahama Nails which is now Aruba Nails is a great nail salon.  They are reasonably priced and very friendly.  The store is decorated very cute and its kept very clean.  I got my eyebrows waxed for just $8 and also had a pedicure which includes warm towels and stones for $25.  Overall great experience.
Love Love Love it! Its clean... up to date with colors... people are super nice...  its relaxing... did I mention clean! Love it here! Wouldn't go any where else!
Poor experience. Decided to treat myself to a manicure on a Sunday and remembered Aruba had been recommended to me. Walked in and a man asked to help me. I said I'd like a deluxe manicure. He asked if I wanted the "gel" manicure. I advised no, just a regular. He then proceeded to warn me that my polish will come off in 2-3 days unless I got the gel/ shellac(more expensive service). He was speechless when I replied I had been a nail tech years ago and regular good quality polish CAN in fact last 10-14 days if applied correctly...base-polish-top coat. He shrugged his shoulders and I walked out. :(
Fantastic. I've been looking for a quality nail salon here in north metro Orlando. This is it. I saw Nancy for a gel mani, amazing spa pedi, and eyebrow waxing. I will definitely be back.
I went here for a brazilian bikini wax.  Although the space is super small, she did an excellent job. I will definitely be back for future sessions.  They are pretty relaxed and chill so don't expect a "spa" experience. You just go in, get what you're there for and leave. The staff is really nice though.
