I have had over 30 massages since this location opened and have to rate it as the best facility I have encountered. Both Terry J. and Stacy are extremely talented and professional. Front desk turnover is a little high but they always seem to come up with someone who does the job well. I have recommended H and S Longwood and to date no one has been displeased.
Run. Don't walk. This location has become the massage equivalent of a Great Clips for Hair, married to the membership policies of that gym you wish you never signed up for. I started going to Hand and Stone a year and a half ago, and for the first eight months or so, it was a good experience. I paid for a monthly membership, as did my wife. We were specific that our reason to do so was for deep tissue (not relaxation) massages, particularly to help as we got ready for our first marathon. Over the past eight or nine months, something has changed, and it is not for the better. 1) Massage therapists kept quitting at an extremely high turnover rate. We kept going because Rashad, the therapist that my wife has been scheduling with, has been incredible. My experience has been quite different. I get a voicemail every month to let me know that my scheduled therapist has left. Many of them have been good therapists, but they are burning through them so quickly that they have trouble keeping them two months in a row. 2) I expressed my concerns very professionally but candidly to what I believe was one of their managers about three months ago on the phone. In response, they assured me that they understood why I was frustrated and scheduled me with a massage therapist that had just joined them, got good feedback from customers, and was expected to stay around for a while. She lasted two months before leaving. Those months were the only two massages in a row during the past 8-9 months where I had the same therapist stick around that long before quitting. 3) The therapist mentioned above just left this past month. Two hours ago, I went in to Hand and Stone to give them one more try and the benefit of the doubt. The new therapist informed me (once back in the massage room) that they were going to charge me an additional $10 surcharge on top of my membership this time if I wanted a deep tissue massage because they just changed their pricing structure. I explained my concerns to her, along with why we we signed up for a membership, and declined to pay extra. She said that she could do a "firm" massage, but not deep tissue unless I paid the extra fee. The "firm" massage was a very weak relaxation massage. Strangely, I wasn't feeling very relaxed by their customer service by this point. 4) I went out to the cashier desk after the massage to cancel my membership, letting them know that my wife would make her own decisions about whether to keep her membership since Rashad was great and has been around a while. I was unhappy but professional in expressing my reasons for canceling. I did not receive an apology, only a statement that they would be billing my credit card for one more massage in a month. When I disputed this, the manager on duty informed me that, "No. We WILL be charging you again. It's in your contract that you have to give us 30 days." With that, my wife canceled her membership as well. We are both scheduled for one final massage with Rashad now since we will have already been forced into paying for it. We will leave him a good tip and thank him for being an all-around decent person and rising above the service level being set by this location's management. The therapist turnover rate and final customer service experience tell me everything I need to know about how this store is managed. They have had some very good therapists come through over the past nine months, but they can't keep them. I actually feel sorry for the people who work there. As a regular customer, I should never have been put in a position to come to that conclusion, much less to have it confirmed by repeat experience over an extended period of time after expressing these concerns professionally to their management.
OK. I spoke to the corporate office as well as the local office manager and found out the problem. My wife has an account with them and when I called in they didn't know I was a member through my wife. So they asked for my gift card to cover a "no show". I could understand this and see that it was a simple mistake with no fault on any one.
Let's get down and dirty. Pros: - I was given a hot wet towel at the end of my massage to wipe off. Cool! I hate leaving all greasy. - They did offer me a bottle of water after my massage. A bottle! - The staff is very, very nice. Cons: - No self-serve water in the waiting room, and no cute little individually wrapped mints. - No heated beds (at least if there are, I haven't had the joy of experiencing them)
I have been to Hand & Stone at this location many times and I have loved every experience.  I always have Ben massage me and he is very good at working out the stress I keep in my poor shoulders.  I am never kept waiting for my appointment.  This location is clean and they usually offer you water.  Regardless if you ask for it they will give you a bottle.   I have never been disappointed after leaving Hand & Stone.  I have always felt better and everyone is so nice.
I love Hand and Stone and the Longwood location. I am an avid Cross fitter and massages help keep me healthy and limber. I pulled a muscle in my neck and shoulder on Sat and needed an appointment on Sunday. I called my normal location and they were booked so I called Longwood and they were able to fit me in.  Wow I am really glad I came here Dale gave me a fantastic and therapeutic sports massage. This wasn't relaxing, but she made sure she helped my pain.  She found other spots in my feet and calfs that were causing other problems. I look forward to going back again.
I have been going to Hand & Stone since this location opened. I love everything about this place! Everyone is so friendly, especially up front. They are always accomodating when making appointment. I noticed someone mentioned no heated beds, which they ARE and I love! I also love the ambience, and relaxed atmosphere. Anjarej is the BEST massage therapist! And the membership program is a fantastic deal!
Amazing experience at this location. I surprised my husband with a couples massage and got a free foot massage with the deal that was offered. I felt so comfortable with my masseuse and will most definitely go again. Great staff, great service, great deals!
Very clean and relaxing. Took me a few visits to get a masseuse I really enjoyed. The staff are very pleasant and accommodating. No high pressure sales pitches for other products and services. Definiely a great value.
Amazing!  Made 2 last minute appts and the front desk was super nice and helpful. I wish I remember who my masseuse was, but it was hands down the best massage I've ever had!!  She got out all my knots and I felt amazing after!  Best part, the prices weren't bad at all.  Definitely loved this place.
