We have dined here many times and the food and the live jazz gets better every time. Highly recommended. We are from NY and very picky foodies! You have to try it!!
Brought some friends here that have never been, wasn't as impressed as the first time but it was still overall very good. We were able to get an early reservation before a comedy show, be sure to make reservations on the weekends. The mussels were as amazing as the first time I've had them, the biggest disappointment of the night was the ahi tuna appetizer, was NOT fresh, was completely 100% frozen, bland and awful. Our guests enjoyed their duck very much, my fiancé also enjoyed the scallops while I decided on the peppercorn New York strip steak. Service was a little slower this time, but the live music of course was excellent.
My wife picked me up at the airport on a Tuesday evening and we stopped here for dinner.  We got a nice table at the back.  She ordered the yellow tail snapper.  I was tired and just repeated my order last time.  Again the food was excellent, the snapper was just right, not mushy and delicately flavored.  Nice dinner once again.
Another great meal at JD's with wonderful music.   Excellent food, I ordered bouillabaisse and asked they hold the calamari, which they did.  It was delicious, the Martini was good, a good wine list for my sister.  We like it here so much we are making it a tradition.  Whenever we come to visit our mom we go to JD's.  Danny our server was warm and fun.   And if you love the great American Songbook, this is the place to eat and listen to the music!   I love the supper club atmosphere!
Went for the first time last night. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. We will definantly be back to try more!
We celebrated New Years here and what a great way to ring it in! Food was great and the service was impeccable.
I should preface my comments by explaining that my wife and I are very picky. Visited there last night for dinner (Friday, July 12th). We shared the appetizer special (black-eyed pea hummus... delicious) and we both had the Filet Mignon.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly and, as my wife declared, "This is the best steak I've had since The Chophouse" (a steakhouse near where we lived in central MA).  We moved to FL three years ago and have been searching for a comparable meal to what we were able to find in MA.  I think we found it.  The live jazz band was a great addition and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Thanks JD's, we'll be back!
We were looking for a special place for Valentines, and boy did we find it.  The atmosphere was excellent, the hosts made us feel totally relaxed and the food was Outstanding.  I wrote a longer review here: gaylefinster.com/2013/02…
