Here I am, lamenting over all the years and drinks I've wasted at less deserving bars and concert venues.  From my first steps into Sportsmen's, I knew I had found my new favorite local bar. It's homey and cozy but also masterfully renovated.  It's a two story "barn." The upper floor looks over the stage so there is ample seating throughout.  Bars on both floor with a few taps of some good beer.  I had a great microbrew for only $4. We paid $3 to get in for the whole night and listen to some awesome bluegrass/folk music.  If the music isn't your thing, the bar is big enough to wander around and distract yourself.  When a mediocre band came on later, we opted to play darts on the second floor. The service is incredibly friendly and the food is solid pub-fare.  I ordered a burger which was huge with a ton of fries for only $8.  My friend seemed to enjoy her fish fry. Can't wait to go back.
Live with the Albrights. One of the most unique venues to go see live music.  A rustic old double in Black Rock, gutted and modified to be a pub/concert venue. You can take in the show from the upper balcony, or go even further and stand the platform above the balcony, on the outside of the structure. The bar has a decent variety of beer and other alcoholic selections.  The menu is limited, but decent for bar food.  Don't go there for the food, but eat if you go there.  Check out their lineup of local bands and take in a show.
Owned by a musician and with an acclaimed recording studio next door, this is where Buffalo's musicians go to hear live music, and that's a big endorsement. The sound is always great and the lineup features a well-cultivated range local and national acts (mostly in the Americana vein). Often, it includes national bands you'd never otherwise get to see in a venue that seats a couple hundred people rather than a few thousand. There's great music every night of the week and the cover is often as low as $3 (for national acts, tickets range more into the $20-$40 range). Floor and balcony seating is comfortable and offers great sight-lines. Additional outdoor seating is available on a covered second-floor patio that wraps around the building, and the walls are open to the interior, so you can pull up a stool and look right down at the band. Bars are staffed on both floors. The environment is very casual friendly. You'll see everything from twenty-something hipsters to neighborhood octogenarians who have been occupying these barstools for decades and seen the bar grow through many stages to become the premier music venue it is today. A recent addition to the venue's offerings is the Grille at Sportsmen's Tavern. The food far surpasses standard bar fare and is reasonably priced. For VEGETARIANS, there's a grilled caprese panini served with fruit salad, but I'd recommend splurging on the fries, which are some of the best in the city. Universally, their wings get rave reviews. Often, the chef even tailors the menu to the music (offer Louisiana-style dishes on nights when there's a Cajun band, for instance). Ample parking is available across the street at a supermarket parking lot. ***TIP/UPDATE: Check out the live-music lunches, 12:00-2:30PM Tuesdays (17-piece big band) and Thursdays (all-star honky-tonk). Great food, music, and fun to break up your workday! I also love bringing out-of-town guests to these shindigs. My parents love going to the big band show whenever they are in town! ***
Stopped in here Saturday night as a friend in town from Vegas was here to see a show. From the name and it being in Black Rock, I just expected some usual Buffalo corner pub / dive bar. but this place as a music venue is really more than that. When I first walked in I thought it met my expectations as it is a bit rustic / divey, but then my buddy said lets head upstairs. Love the way they have the upstairs patio / balcony available. Such a great way to view a show. The sound was great from here or on the first floor. Some good beers on tap in Flying Bison and Lagunitas IPA that I paid $4 or $4.50 for respectively. Definitely would come back to a show here anytime.
A regular hangout, we love this joint!  The 7 day schedule of music will keep you coming in.  A great mixture of local & national musician love to play here. A regular swing by for the likes of Asleep at the Wheel, Commander Cody, Kinky Friedman just to name a few.  Whether you live in town or visiting the area the Sportsmen should be on your list of places to hit
The Ale House Cheddar Burger is the bomb. And if you need to cool off go upstairs out to the patio for a great view. Plus, the better beer selection is upstairs when the bar is open. This is a genuine honkytonk music club. Every and any night of the week you can hear fantastic music. They do have  a neighborhood sound curfew, so music generally stops around 11PM. I try to get to the Sportsmen's at least twice a week, it is relaxing and a great atmosphere to unwind. Cheers!
The Grille at Sportsmens Tavern is great and a visit I look forward to for dinner and if I am lucky, on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch.   Now add that it is located within Sportsmens , well, as the "yelp" star system has it, " Woohoo! As good as it gets!" This past Thursday while at the Sportsmens Tavern I was happy to be ready with my order when the kitchen opened for  CHICKEN SOUVLAKI SALAD. Huge portion of marinated chicken breast with the salad. Fresh, soft pita bread and the dressing is perfect balance. I personally love the tuna melt with the awesome steak fries  and when I crave a cheeseburger this is where I head. ( yummy Cheese from Buffalo Cheese Traders. ) Many friends order and enjoy every bite of the chicken wings. They do smell good. The fish fry on Friday is delish and very large portion. The menu has a large variety and something for every taste. The Grille food is well prepared, looks and tastes great. Never disappoints. The service from the wait staff is excellent and always with a smile.
I'd like to start by pointing out that I've never actually seen a Sportsman in the Sportsman's Tavern. Unless I count. And I really don't. Too many years eating Buffalo cuisine took care of that. This review is for the food only, and to a lesser extent the Open Mic. It looks like a tiny little country and western-type music bar, with a bunch of friendly folk inside. But in the back is a kitchen, and they really, really know how to do wings and pizza there! Try the wings! Mmmmmmm Buffalo! As the later review said, hole in the wall was a description made for this place. The Open Mic there is fun, even if some of the patrons are less than appreciative of music that is not what they are used to. Black Rock is an interesting neighbourhood indeed. They do drug deals a few houses down (hang around outside and you can see it for yourself). But you'll always be at home in Sportsman's. This place changed my life, really. I used to go there and play Open Mic, and I met a lady who was a musician, but also worked at Borders and did event booking. I arranged a concert there, and the vibe really suited my music (and my merch sales), and after that, I performed at about (no exaggeration) 500 Borders stores around the US before the franchise closed down. Actually, they banned me from playing there for awhile, because I had performed at too many of their stores, and was a bit too contemporary for their execs, but by then I had so many friends at store level who liked my show that I was able to still play there whenever I wanted to. Anyway, that was a major digression. But the bottom line is, give the Sportsmen's a try and the wings will please you :D
I have been going to "The Sportsmen's Tavern' for about four years now, ever seance I first discovered it.  The prime reason I started going to "The Sportsmen's Tavern" was for the music.  Then I discovered the great food offered by "The "Grille", a real one/two punch. Tuesdays are one of my favorite days of the week, Great music W/"Joe Baudo,s Big Band" and an outstanding lunch served up by "The "Grille", the Philly stake sandwich and then there is the crab cakes, they are at the top of my lest, even though you can count on everything being "Just Great"!!!   The people that go to "The Sportsmen's Tavern"  are not just friendly but, true music lovers.  Looking forward to meeting you there soon.
One of my favorite places for live music, because folks go for that and all the renovations make it even easier to enjoy. Gonna talk food. I was there a couple nights ago and was greeted by the site of an older lady, 70+ peering through the crack in the kitchen door to see if they were getting ready to open. Her determination made me laugh a little, but I couldn't blame her. Sportsmen doesn't stand on much formality and has a pretty great selection of bottled beer and all go well with the menu. There isn't anything innovative there, just stuff done well and with some care. I saw fish frys going by from my table at a pretty good clip, but I opted for the Sportsmen's burger. This was a sizeable burger, loaded up with lettuce, tomato, cheese, and properly done bacon. Bacon was crispy, burger was cooked to order (medium rare, the way they all should be), all accompanied by a healthy serving of crispy steak fries. They have guinness in the cans available, but I opted for Molson Canadians for my dinner accompiment. That and the great music from the Skiffle Minstrels on that night, if you aren't feeling good after that, you need a checkup.
You have to be looking for Sportsman's because stumbling upon it would be difficult. The band that played the night we went was quite good. The honky tonk was cranking and the aging baby boomers with their worn hip joints were dancing and grooving to the aging hippies strumming away up on stage. The smoker's were ducking out the side door for a fix and wall studs were bare in the back due to ongoing construction all adding to the vibe. In other words, this hole in the wall defines holes in the wall and we enjoyed every minute of it!
It is a hidden gem inside a progressive music club. More than you would expect, this is not a place where you would expect more than just bar food. The fare does contain Wings and Poppers etc. However you will be surprized to see what those that frequent already know. The Menu contains a diverse selection from flatbread sandwiches to premium burgers, to one of the best Chicken Soulvakis around town. They also boast homemade bleu cheese for the famed "Greg Wings".  Also homemade soup and crab cakes, and a Friday Fish fry with a nice portion of Mac Salad and Coleslaw with the famous fries. You can listen to a band have dinner or grab a quick bite. Either way your sure to be happy.
I've been to Sportmen's several times and I've always enjoyed the atmosphere, the music, the beer and the food. A couple weeks ago a few friends and I went to hear the Bobby Militello quintet. We were seated downstairs fairly close to the band and the music was spectacular. The cover charge was $5 and the beer was reasonably priced. The musicians worked with the sound guys before the show to make sure the sound was perfect. Once they started playing we all stopped talking and listened to every note. I was enthralled by the talent of all five musicians. They put their heart and soul into it. How great to have this live music experience in  the casual atmosphere of the Sportmen's.
