Great place for a night out. It's not haute cuisine, but it just plain satisfies. My wife and I have been here several times and have not been disappointed. The service is always timely and pleasant. The salads are crisp and fresh. I love the spaghetti pie and just about any of their Italian dishes. The steaks are done to perfection. Another plus is the reasonable prices of the dinners. We usually bring visiting snowbirds to Visanis and they leave satisfied and full and usually ask to go back when they visit again! Add the weekend comedy show along with the great food and you've got a great night out.
We went here with another couple.    Food was great! Pay for the optional hand made pasta. We each ordered something different and sampled each.  I will tell you the steak was ok. But the pasta was awsome!   The service was great. I will tell you that I have never tried this place because honestly the place looks like a strip club on the exterior.  Price wise it is about the same as going to a chain like Outback or Carabbas and taking a movie  after.    We really loved the comedy show. I will honestly say that this is a unique place that we will return to on a regular basis.
Delicious food, good cocktails, and usually a good show -   (food has been consistently good after visiting this place 5 times) Would say the attire is more dressy casual than anything formal but it's Florida after all and in that kind of heat, casual typically = cooler. Highly recommended for a celebration of any kind, or if friends/family in town for a visit.  Unique decor -
I have been several times and have never been disappointed. We usually try to get a larger group to go every couple of months. It is a wonderful night out and not too pricy. They offer an upgrade to homemade pasta with the entrees... I highly recommend! It is almost as good as my mothers pasta!
This is one of my favorite places. We have been over ten times and have never been disappointed. Please bring back chocolate creme brûlée
Excellent homemade food, two for one wine specials, and good comedy shows.  I always come here when visiting my parents to catch a buzz and enjoy some Italian food even if I am forced to eat at 5pm
A great find in the quiet hammock of Port Charlotte. The best surprise here is the great entrees. Mark and his kitchen staff go to great lengths to offer freshly prepared food at reasonable prices. This is an affordable night out and a fantastic way to show visitors, from out of town, a good time. Congratulations to the staff at Visani. P.S. Get on the email list for the performance and special event calendar. If you are interested in a popular upcoming show, call early for tickets.
Italian Restaurant that doubles as a Comedy Club. The food is good, service is usually attentive, and the comedy acts are better than you'd expect from a small place.
6 STARS!! Was back at Visani last night one more time before moving back north to be close to my kids...absolutely could not leave without hitting my fave place again! I had (new menu item) Shrimp Arregenata ($13.99). Tasty, flavorful, great sauce, lotsa shrimp over perfect pasta, good portion and fresh fresh fresh ingredients...I'll be enjoying the leftovers for lunch today. Friend had Eggplant Parmegiana ($10.99) that elicited purely positive comments too. Stuffed mushroom appetizer was good, I've had good Bruschetta at Visani and also seafood crab cakes in the past too, but what I really want to recommend to you for an appetizer is their deep-fried Artichoke hearts...awesome, and I don't even really like artichokes! Visani is the kind of place that you're really tempted to steal food off other tables around you to try everything...great pizzas, TOP-NOTCH steaks, and the fish is never frozen. Good wine list too, but you can get away cheaply if you want with the house Cabernet @ $4.99 a glass. My Jack'n'Cokes were good and strong @$5.50...below average cost for this area at a good restaurant. Visani also has a great Friday night Pasta night: 10 pasta dishes for under $10. Join this all together with the good up'n'coming comics and great NAME comedians they get often and you have a great night out! Visani is about to celebrate their 5-year anniversary, and this place is going to have many many more to come. Visani has become legendary for their food amongst the touring comedians themselves...and they're on the road eating out most of the year. #1 place for visitors to plan on patronizing...and if you live in the area and haven't been here yet you are MISSING OUT !!!
A VERY GOOD EATERY BY FRANCOIS VATEL" Reviewed November 29, 2012 NEW Our renowned, distinguished physician friend, his wife and 2 daughters ages 12 and 10 were visiting us from rhode island[the ocean state]. our server BECKY , a local young lady treated us like royal guest. we started with the fried calamari which everyone found too TOUGH and too small. all of us are seafaring people , so we know good seafood.my friend had the fried artichoke heart. they were ok. the chicken parmegiana was tasty ample portions and fresh. the eggplant parmegiana was plentiful, a little too fried. the stuffed flounder mediterranean was very well presented and enjoyed.the shrimp fra diavolo and the shrimp ala pappardell were shall we say well prepared bountiful and Delicious. the vanilla creme brule was probably the best ever. everyone wanted to taste it. all the dishes on the menu are very good, you can not good wrong. we have eaten there in the past. every one was polite and at ease.
Visani is one of those special places that keeps you coming back again & again. The service is incredible every single time not to mention the food! Always a great night out!
This place continues to amaze me! The food is off the chart good and now they've added a $10 pasta night on Fridays. That is now our favorite night to go! More food than we can eat, so it's also "lunch Saturday." Try the Clams Casino!!!! Comedy if booked by Comedy Zone and comedians tend to be on the cleaner side. You will be warned when booking if it is an "R" show (usually national touring TV guys). What amazes me about this place is the quality of not on the food but the staff. It is the one place I take visitors WITHOUT fail!
What a gem in our little area. Laugh, eat, drink..this place is certainly an evening of entertainment. The food is very well prepared and the full bar is nice. Atmosphere is very good.
great dinners and the shows are always good.
Great place to eat n enjoy the comedy club.  The price is good also. The comedy can be awesome.
The staff was extremely friendly and service was great! Fun atmosphere.  Food was very good and loved the show.  I would highly recommend it and look forward to going again.
Went to the show last night with 7 girlfriends and had a great time.   Food delicious, wait staff attentive, and show was funny.   The best dirty martini in all of port Charlotte, ask for Shana to make it.  We are still laughing at the jokes.
This is another place hard to rate. Sometimes the dishes taste like they have been hand prepared and other times like they are just heating frozen dinners. Go early for their dinner special and then if the meal is disappointing at least you wont waste money.
Great experience!  Super friendly  staff-  the halibut fra diavoulo  was wonderful, and portion was very generous-  and only  $10 -Friday  special! steaks served at a nearby  table looked great.  Our server Mike excellent. We'll be back soon!
Surprising good food for this sort of clubby place.  Reminds me of comedy clubs in CA.  Good Italian dishes.. love their shrimp parpadelle, e.g., decent club pizza and other pasta dishes.  I've gone here with groups several times and I have never heard complaints...most love the food.  And the shows are always good too!
Rib eye steak was tough, but cooked right with nice crust.  Baked potato not done. Vegetables perfect.  Cannoli great.
