Great tiki bar with great views in a good location right by the water. Drinks were cold, tv's, live music and HH specials!! I had the fish & chips. Good meal but a bit overpriced. I'll try the fish tacos next time. I'll be back!!!!
Very nice relaxing place and the food was great also.  The price was reasonable.
Tiki bar the way they should be, on the water, plenty of seating, all outdoors.  The service is prompt and friendly, taking good care of us throughout.  The jerk chicken sandwich was awesome, I would recommend trying the home made chips as a side, they were awesome last time we were here. Good food, great service and unbeatable location, the restaurant trifecta!
Went there with some friends.  Out of the draft we wanted, but no problem, got another.  Great view of the harbor, but watch out for sand kicking up if it's windy.  Pretty nice place and it was crowded. Our waitress was very good, but busy & kinda spread out.  Went to the bar to get a refill when she was gone and the barmaid there took my $3 for a $2.25 beer and said "thanks" and turned her back and went to her previous conversation with some guy.  Not even sure if she hit the register.  Huh?  Don't tips get left rather than taken?  That action dropped it a star.
This place was staffed with sloppy dressed people who were unfriendly and you knew they didn't want to be there, like we were a problem when you approached the the bar to ask for a drink, nasty not clean
The Tiki is by far the best place in Southwest Florida for a cocktail  at sunset.  I hadn't been there for about 6 months and like the recent expansion.  They now have cool misters inside the hut, along with a separate hut that serves as a bandstand for their live entertainment.   The service is very good. It was very crowded on a Saturday afternoon and we didn't have to wait more than a couple minutes for a waitress to come over.  Although I noticed that the line at the bar was often 5 or 6 deep, but there wasn't an empty seat to be found. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and will surely return, The one negative of the bar is the rest rooms.  They have a major problem with the septic system and the rest rooms are very unpleasant.  We mentioned it to the staff and they said there is nothing that be done about it.  Too bad because everybody around us was commenting on the unpleasantness.
What a great venue! Prices a little high. Atmosphere is fabulous. The games and fun that they have is nice. Great view. Food is not bad but again a bit on the high side. Employees could be a little bit friendlier.
