Get ready! The burger business is about to change!!! Traveling from Bonita Springs to Tampa Bay on a 4 Day getaway, needed some chow, so we pulled up Port Charlotte and found  Culver's ....  Didn't know anything about the company so here we go! New to Fl , only about 15 stores according to the fresh smiling server at the counter.  Apparently a northern brand. Place was super clean- ok it's new . Asked her about the burgers - "off the chart" amazing in every way she said. I ordered the double patty with everything . (No I'm not a pig or fat- just freaking starving). Prepared perfectly in every way. You say - what's the big deal , should be simple - I agree, But many can't get it right. I'm telling you this burger was a "master peace" of work !  I included a picture for proof. Fresh made shakes and the onions rings were perfect - full of flavor without a puddle of grease in the bag .   Build one in Hernando county. I'm already a raving fan .... Thank you !
I have eaten here many times, trying many things on the menu. Everything has been very good. The pot roast, fried chicken, burgers and Ruben sandwiches are all delicious. Too bad there are none in the northeast.
If you are ready for an awesome burger and fries Culvers is a great place.   Prices are in line with other fast food restaurants.   WARNING!   If you are health conscience don't go.   The Butter Burger is great.  Add bacon and you have a "heart attack" on s bun.   That being said,  it is really GOOD.  The burgers are pressed seared.    You order at the counter and get a number flag.   Your order is promptly delivered to your table.    I rarely  give a 5 star rating, but for what Culvers is, it's pretty close.     Ill have to go back to try some other menu items.
OMG! Can we discuss the butter burgers and frozen custard??? DELICIOUS! The cheese curds are awesome...the frozen custard concretes are amazing. The burgers are five guys style in the thinness, but different in the butter buns. They are mouthwatering and I can't explain enough how much they are similar to crack. You will be addicted. You will crave them. I recommend the double cheddar butter burger with cheese curds or fries. Then save room for a concrete with 2 mix ins of your choice. The service is fast and the food is accurate and prepared fresh. Just GO!
Good fried chicken.
When I first saw Culver's, I thought, "Great, all we need in the area is another fast food, hamburger joint." At some point, I asked my friends if they had been to Culver's and was told by several people that they had and that it was better than McDonald's, Burger King, and Wendy's around the corner. They also mentioned frozen custard. Hearing custard piqued my interest. I have had custard on several occasions and have always been rather fond of it. The difference between frozen custard and ice cream is the addition of egg yolks and the removal of much of the air bubbles. Over three trips I managed to order and try the following menu items: Cheeseburger (plain) and Fries Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich Buffalo Chicken Strips Vanilla Custard with Hot Fudge Vanilla and Chocolate Custard The cheeseburger was comprised of very thin patties. Thankfully there were two patties. The burger was a tad on the salty side as were the fries. The fries looked and tasted like Ore-Ida from the freezer section; neither great nor bad. The Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich had the meat, sauteed onions and swiss cheese; but no au jus available. Prime Rib sandwiches should ALWAYS have au jus, but I digress. The taste of the PR sandwich was okay and the onions were cooked sufficiently. While I could order it again, my friend would never order it again. I am glutton for food items that are labeled with "Buffalo" and then made properly. After having ordering the chicken strips, I would never call them Buffalo again. I might call them "hot" or "spicy" but never Buffalo. The strips themselves didn't taste bad, but they were just like the hot and spicy Tyson strips you can get at Sam's where copious amounts of cayenne pepper is worked into the batter. I am somewhat ambivalent to this food item. The item that really colors a majority of my opinion about Culver's is the custard. I LOVE CUSTARD. It is so dense and flavorful. It doesn't need any toppings, just get chocolate, vanilla, the flavor of the day or any combination thereof. I have a very strict rule of no dairy after 2pm and I have already broken this rule to order the vanilla custard with hot fudge. The juxtaposition of hot and cold with chocolate and vanilla is just so tasty. If I hadn't tried the custard on my first trip, I probably never would have returned based solely on the lunch and dinner fare. I plan on trying one of their concrete mixers with mint and Oreo. YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Probably my favorite fast food place, even though i've only eaten here a few times. The food is pretty good and so is the service.
Burgers are great and fresh! Had Culvers in Wi and tastes the same! Cheese curds are awesome and custard is the best! They have healthy menu options so make sure to try it out.  Remember everything is fresh.
We had these up north and I loved the butter buns and desserts. I'm also partial to their root beer. Definitely worth checking out to see if this is your kind of place.
Best burger I've had in years. Beats steak and shake by a mile. Butter burger was great. Fries were hot milkshake was thick. All of it was tasty
Dissapointed, had the fried chicken dinner. Chicken was not crispy at all, very salty, green beans were frozen type, mashed potatoes with gravy were ok. Ice creams looked really good. Won't be comming back here, can find better fast foods elsewhere.
