This place has the best service, only place you can go for breakfast and have your cup refilled all the time. Went for dinner only once not so great. But service was amazing. One down side is the Michigan banner!! I'm a OSU fan.
Avoid entrees. Peters is only good for breakfast or sandwiches. I didn't expect gourmet dining, but perhaps some homey Mom and Pop dinner fare. The entrée food items that we ordered were chicken franchese and chicken monterrey and they were both inedible and horrible. They simply sucked.   Chef Ramsay would have a field day out of this one. My chicken was supposed to come over linguini yet this pasta based dish oddly came with potatoes as an included side. The dish showed up as large pieces of poorly prepared chicken with fries and no pasta. The entire greasy breading instantly ripped off of the whole piece of chicken in one gloppy sleeve, leaving me with a greasy piece of flavorless rubber chicken.  I asked the waitress about the missing pasta and she instantly blamed me for the missing pasta and said that I asked for fries  (which was included as side item). She then comes back and says..."You were right. It is on the menu that way with pasta..sorry for that"  However, she doesn't bring pasta or discount our bill.  My husband's chicken monterrey was equally disgusting and smothered in cheap yellow cheese. They also managed to screw up the rice pudding somehow, which was devoid of flavor. Chef Ramsay needs to visit and make sense out of their wacky menu, educate servers on their own menu,  and fire the cooks.
A family restaurant with huge portions at wallet friendly prices.  Atmosphere has tons of Detroit memorabilia and the staff is wearing something representing Michigan.  If you're from Michigan, you'll fit right in. Food is good considering the prices you pay.  Great sandwiches and breakfast items.  The fish sandwich, club sandwich, and breakfast combos are some of my favorites.  They also do a breakfast buffet on Saturdays and Sundays. My dad comes here a lot and the staff greeted him very warmly when we walked in so I knew I was in good hands.  We come here for breakfast/lunch every time we visit nana.  We plan on keeping that going!
My bf and I went for Breakfast. He ordered the gyro and feta omelette and I ordered the biscuits and gravy with 2 eggs, side of hash. The prices were extremely reasonable...even cheap. Side of hash was $2.45, other dishes were under $7. The staff was extremely friendly, always present, always offering coffee refills and very helpful with explaining the menu and their restaurant to 2 newbies. They do take credit cards ($5 min) which was a nice plus. I'd love to try their breakfast buffet on the weekends. We ordered the rice pudding to go and it was AMAZING. I highly recommend this place if you want good food, great price...quick service and a friendly staff. The menu is simple for breakfast, but plenty to choose from. They also have daily specials. I am giving this 4 stars, not 5..bc we only had breakfast.
I have been wanting to stop by this little diner on North East bound Kings Highway for a while.  As there was over an hour wait at Cracker Barrel, this was the day.  On entering we were immediately seated.  The interior is packed with tables, chairs and people over the age of 60.  We both looked at our menu for about 2 minutes and knew what we were going to order: Creamy Chicken lemon rice soup Roast turkey and fries with gravy French toast with over medium eggs and bacon (soft) The soup came out first and I found that it had too much lemon for me.  My friend ate the rest of it but said that he probably wouldn't order it again.  It was definitely creamy, but it just had too much going on with the chicken, rice, cream, and lemon.  As I have written before, I like clear and clean tastes and the soup failed on both accounts. Our meal arrived and the food looked good.  Not a spectacular presentation, but what can you expect for $7.00 a person to eat.  I tried the turkey and fries with the gravy.  I swear the turkey gravy is the base for the chicken lemon rice soup; the flavor and consistency was too close to be a coincidence.  Luckily, without the lemon, the flavor of the gravy with the fries and turkey wasn't too bad. My French Toast and eggs was not what I was expecting.  When someone tells me that the French toast is homemade, I expect them to use freshly cut bread from a baker, market or supermarket.  This French Toast was made with Texas Toast dipped in eggs and put on the griddle.  They didn't taste bad, but there was nothing spectacular about the flavor that will make me want to get it again.  The eggs were cooked to the proper temperature, but they were a little greasy.  The bacon came soft (thumbs up) but was a tad too salty for my tastes (thumbs down). I am going to be rather kind to Peter's and give them three stars rather than the two stars I really want to give.  Why?  Due to the fact that they said they use real turkey and they actually do use real turkey and the fact that my friend liked his meal enough to say that he would return -- by default this means I will be returning.  While I didn't care too much for what I ordered this time, there are enough other items on the menu that I can try next time.
Recently went here on a trip to the grandparents house.  It was like their diner, except in FL everything is slower, cheaper, and looks funny.  However the staff was friendly, the food not bad ( I had a Reuben and some Chili Cheese Fries), and the place was clean. I think the whole bill for 6 of us was like $2.  Nah, jk.  Grandpa paid for it so I have no idea.  Early bird specials baby.
Peters has been around for some time.  When I used to live in Deep Creek back before Charley I went there weekly.   After having recently moved back into the area I decided to revisit my old haunt and found it to be lacking. I am no fan of restaurants who repackage or heat up Sysco foods and I am afraid Peters has fallen to that level.  The meat patty I had was clearly pre-prepared and the green beans were canned with no extra spices.  The potatoes were from a mix and not fresh (it has been that way for some time).  The soups all had the same chicken base which is derived from a powder. Many restaurants use it but for some reason the cook decided to just add only the most minute spices to change the taste. In this economy you really have to watch where you spend money.  I would not suggest Peters as a repository for your hard earned food dollars-at least for now.
This family-friendly joint is a great choice when you are too tired to cook, but don't want to break the bank.  The menu offers a great variety and the food is decent.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are generous.  Service is really down-to-earth and attentive, though it gets a little rough during Early Bird hours due to the crowd.  The only real drawbacks to Peter's are the small size and the really bad acoustics - during a crowded dinner, the cacophony makes it difficult to enjoy conversation, and the servers bump into chairbacks alot.  Otherwise, everything is pretty good.
I am a regular at Peters. It is fast, friendly, and value oriented.  I like the new breakfast, salad and buffet bars.  You can enjoy here a great wrap, or have one of there specialty/ethnic meals.  You receive more than you pay for in portion sizes. No wonder why I keep coming back!!
Ate brunch here today. Food is good for diner variety. Had spankopeta which I love and it was good. Greek salad was good also but just iceberg green salad. Everyone else had omelet which they all liked. Would get 4 stars but service was lacking. Our waitress was nice but never came back to check on us. The waitress who seated us and was waiting on tables behind us was down right rude. The couple behind us asked more more mayo and she replied, didn't I bring you two already?  If service improved place would be much better. Might return but would probably pass for a place with better service. Lots of Greek around here probably better options.
Good prices and a huge amount of pretty good food. The staff was very friendly, even when we came in pretty close to closing.
Great value and good food. We had lunch. My 12 year son loves soup and said the beef barley soup was the best soup has ever had. Service was good and our food came fast. Large portions
What a great find , just driving down the road. Good breakfast menu large portions good price. Simple good quality food
An old Florida-type small family-friendly place. Inexpensive, decent lunch fare ( I had a good Reuben ) and when I was there (around 2:30pm) it wasn't crowded. If you have 20 minutes or so, it'll be better, and better for you, than a fast-food combo.
Food wak OK.  Good prices.  Good service.  Very crowded and small though.
