"Niagara Falls Adventure Pass - worth every penny"!  We purchased "The Niagara Falls Adventure Pass Classic" includes admission to Niagara's most popular attractions: Journey Behind the Falls, Niagara's Fury, White Water Walk, Hornblower Niagara Cruises: an all-new Niagara Falls boat cruise experience, and two days on the WEGO bus system for convenient hop-on, hop-off transportation that connects Niagara Parks attractions with your hotel and more!  We only paid for me and my husband and my daughter was free (5 & Under are free).   This was our second time in Niagara Falls, but this time we were there for longer than 30 minutes!  Seeing the falls was such a breathtaking experience and it was even better this time around because we got to see them for 5 days!  The Adventure pass was perfect because we got to truly experience the waterfalls... of course, the touristy way!  It's nice because they break up the 4 activities into 2 days and there are set-times, so you space(s) secured!   First on the list for us was the Hornblower Niagara Cruises, which gave us an up close and personal encounter with the American Falls & the Horseshoe Falls!  A-MA-ZING!  For first-time visitors, this is a must!  You will get wet, but they do provide ponchos!  I would not wear anything that fear will be soaked after this!  Shorts, flip-flops, basically anything waterproof is sufficient! Thankfully, when we were there, it was pretty warm, so getting a bit wet did not bother us!  You will definitely get right in front of the falls! Second was the White Water Walk. That was a nice bus ride (WEGO - included in your pass price) that will take you to the Great Gorge... white water rushing downstream!  This was the nature walk on a pathway that is on the side of the rushing water!  It was phenomenal... the water moves at very quick speed... be careful not to lean over!! Across the street from this is n enormous Buddhist Temple! We got to tour that a little bit, too, while we waited for the bus.  Once we hopped back on the bus, we continued down to the end, where the bus turns around (at the flower clock), so we got to see some of the other attractions, like the whirlpool spot of the rushing rapids! On the next day, we "Journeyed Behind the Falls"... that was another superb site to see!  We went in the tunnel that goes behind the falls and got to see and hear how powerful the falls were.  Then, my favorite part of that tour was the standing on the side of the falls... again the fury was felt... unbelievable!  It was a such a grand experience to be able to stand right below & to the side of the falls falling.  This was my second favorite part of being an Adventure Pass holder!  Ponchos were provided as well! The final attraction was Niagara's Fury.  This was a fun one for the kids because it was an animated 4-d experience on how the falls were formed!  You get a tiny bit wet, so ponchos are provided!  My 4-year old daughter enjoyed this very much.  It was a bit of simulated experience!   BTW - on some of the attractions, your pic will be taken by professionals behind a green screen, then scenery added and available for you to purchase at the end of the attraction! So, get ready! * Tour Niagara Falls * Niagara Falls Adventure Pass * Niagara Falls Canadian Side Attractions *
My wife had never been to Niagara before, so when we were planning a trip to see my son in Newark NY, I suggested a side visit to Niagara.  Of course, the falls from the Canadian side was our destination of choice, and a ride on the Hornblower was one of two things we knew we wanted to do.   What a wonderful experience!  To be at the base of the falls, get (partially) soaked, hear the rush of the water, and feel the mist blow by from this natural wonder is incredible. One negative:  We purchased the optional Souvenir Audio Tour to go along with the trip.  By "Souvenir", I thought it was something we could take away and listen to again (which I wanted to do to catch some of the history), but upon leaving and trying to listen again, neither of our players would work :-( Regardless, whether you visit from the American or Canadian side, a boat tour to the falls is a MUST DO.
If you want to experience Niagara Falls the best way that you possibly can, then this is the spot to be!  The Canada side of Niagara, I personally think is the best.  There are more things to see and do in this side.  This is a little pricey for only a 15 minute boat road, but it's definitely worth it.  They provide poncho's for you and trust me, you'll need it!! You can also keep it if you want, or buy an actual one from the store when you get off the boat. The boat leaves every 15 minutes so waiting in line was not bad at all, and of course make sure you go up to the top deck so you get that full experience of Niagara.  One of the coolest things I've ever seen and well felt. haha. Make sure you have a waterproof camera/phone to take pics ;) I would definitely do this again!
This boat ride was a blast !  We didn't do the movie, or any of the other activities, but didn't need to.  I will also say, if you have to choose between the Maid of the Mist on the U.S. side, or this one on the Canadian side, do this one...the boats are bigger and nicer.  It's one thing to see the Falls from the street or the hotel room, but seeing it from sea level looking up, is a whole other ballgame.  The boat takes you pretty close to both the American Falls, and the more familiar Canadian Falls.  You get pleasantly wet from the mist, and you can hear the water thundering down.  It was impressive to say the least.  When I say "pleasantly wet", it means you don't get soaked like you do on amusement park rides.
You came all the way here to see the falls, if you're gonna do one thing, this is it.  BEWARE you will get soaked.  They give you a poncho, but it only goes as low as the knees, so prepare to get everything below the knees soaked.  Forget taking any pictures unless you have a waterproof/resistant camera.  It takes you by the American falls, then over to the Canadian falls where it just floats for awhile, letting you experience the falls.
SO much fun. My friend and I visited this past Thursday on the 11:45a boat. It wasn't too crowded but you have to fight a bit to get a spot on the edge of the boat. We stood on the top level and the front and got SOAKED. It was so much fun, but we were definitely glad that we brought a change of clothes and shoes. The poncho keeps your torso and backpack/purse dry, but everything else WILL get wet if you are anywhere near the front of the boat [but it's really the only way to go, and totally worth it].
Just get the classic package, but try to spread it out in 2 days if possible because the WEGO (local bus) is valid for 2 days, which is also included. It's all doable in 1 day but 4 events was a lot of rushing to do and most of the attractions last call was around 4... 5pm. The Hornblower was awesome. Didn't remember being that wet when I was younger. Maybe the captain thought it would be funny to linger in the "mist" longer. We were on the 2nd level of the ship and we were drenched where the poncho didn't cover us. Elbows down, knees down, head. All wet. We laughed it off. At least we had the complimentary poncho's! From the Canada side, Hornblower is your only choice (red). If you want to ride the famous Maid Of The Mist you have to board it on the US side (blue). Don't go back to the hotel and change as you will get wet at all the other events. Walk along the path towards horseshoe fall and enjoy the gorgeous view. Journey Behind The Falls & Fury is located inside the Welcome Center. Journey Behind The Falls was cool. It does a history of the falls as well as the history of them digging the tunnels. A little shorter than expected. But I guess the view is what sells the attraction. Fury... was lame. This was the least attractive of the 4 events in the package. It was a stand only poncho..... 4D movie? It gave A LITTLE bit of history from the Ice Ages? I'm still really not sure what the purpose of that interactive "movie" was. It's just another way to get wet and cool off?.... except it was 60 degrees outside. White Water Walk was short as well but exhilarating as I watched the river rushing at my feet. After the horrible "Fury" we took the WEGO right outside the building and took the Green Line here. The last walk was 4:20pm so we kind of rushed through this because we were busy being super tourists and taking a million photos at the falls. Not knowing that we had to commute to this event, by then it was 3:30pm. Another elevator took us down the cliff and we got to walk along the boardwalk of the river. The power of the water is incredible. You can tell where some of 2x4's were replaced recently. Just watch your step! The package wasn't that bad considering that we got to see the different parts of the falls and got to interact closely with everything. Learning about the history and learning about all the dare devils in the past was educational. But I def think the prices should be cheaper, esp once it gets colder out. Was the $49.95 worth it? I guess because I won't be coming back any time soon to do this all over again. Oh FYI, they only do fireworks Fri & Sunday nights... odd... but the falls are lite up every night.
I'm not one to usually be a huge fan of tourist trap type things, but this was actually pretty cool and probably the best of the Niagara Falls experiences! I've seen the falls many times, but to actually approach them from the bottom of the falls and heading in towards the massive sheets of water really gives a different experience. I came out a lot dryer than I was expecting, even standing against the rail on the lower level right at the front of the boat. Some cool photo opportunities and a nice low impact way to spend a half hour. $45 for 2 people seems like a fair proposition for this experience. Worth doing once in your lifetime anyways.
I don't really get the appeal of this.  It seemed like a waste of money and time.  At least I can no say that I've done it. I think it was just as cool to see the Falls for free up top walking around. Sure it was interesting to get misted by the Falls, and cool to see the Falls lit up at night and the fireworks, but it was not worth $30+ and the time waiting in line. The "boat ride" is so short.  You spend way more time in line to board.
Worth every penny, and there are not really a lot of pennies involved to get onboard this cruise. If you are sailing from the Canada side, Hornblower is your only choice, which I was disappointed about initially because I wanted to be on the famous Maid of the Mist. But due to tighter border restrictions, they can only sail from the US side these days. We are going to see the same sights regardless of sailing from the US or Canada side so I just dealt with the disappointment. It is well-organized and they are very efficient in handing out the ponchos and getting excited and/or oblivious visitors to get in line. The cruise is not that long but it is enough time to get close to the falls and get a feel of their power and enjoy their beauty up close. This cruise is definitely worth your time if you are visiting the Niagara Falls.
I loved the old Maid of the Mist. I loved going poncho less and getting drenched by the mist as it rebounded off the river. I loved standing on the rail on the bottom deck, completely surrounded by the Horsehoe Falls, watching the water churn and roil below me, and wondering how far the boat captain was going to take you in (some captains were definitely more daring than others). So....I was a little taken aback when I found out that the Maid of the Mist was no more in Canada (they still operate from the US side) and had been replaced by Hornblower Cruises. I needn't have worried. Let's start with something the Maid of the Mist never had...night tours! Yes! On the river at night with the Falls illuminated. Super cool. Next up...bar on the boat! No...really? Yes, really! Not an extensive selection by any means, a few beers, a few wines, and rum and coke in a big can. Again, super cool. (I don't know if the bar operates during daytime hours) They have special fireworks cruises on Friday and Sunday nights, which is what my wife and I took. The cruise is 40 minutes long (10 longer than normal). They start with the normal trip past the American Falls and into the Horseshoe Falls (they don't go anywhere near as close as the MoM did, I don't know if that's a nighttime thing or what). Then they swing you around and throw it in neutral for the fireworks. Everyone on our boat scrambled for the upper deck. Why? No idea....bottom deck is the place to be. Even more so since it wasn't crowded on this trip down there. Unimpeded view of great fireworks that were literally being shot off about 150 yards away from the top of the old power station. They looked like they were coming right at us, like we had 3D glasses on. After the fireworks, they spin you around for another trip into the Horeshoe Falls before the return trip. Another upgrade over the old Maid of the Mist is that there no longer a line for the elevator at the top. Have a ticket? Go right on and get down to the boats. There is a tented waiting area now with drinks and snacks, and you can buy drink tickets for the boat. Sit and relax while you wait to board, or hop in line for the boat if you want to make sure you scope out some prime real estate on board. Note...this review is for the fireworks cruise ONLY. Have yet to do the daytime cruise with Hornblower.
This is a must when visiting Niagara.  You must do the night firework tour.  We had done the Maid of the Mist during the day.  That was great.  This one blew it away.  I strongly suggest you do both of them, but if you can only do one, this is it.  The fireworks are good and a decent length.  To be that close to the Falls at night is amazing.  It is very romantic despite being surrounded by hundreds of people.  I hope you have someone to snuggle with.
You're in Niagara Falls- You're not here for the partying and wild night life. You're here for the falls. You're probably with your family. You prob need to do something a bit exciting, and this is definitely it!  In my opinion, if you're in the falls, this is a must do. I was totally against it, at first. I thought it would be a waste of money, I mean, I can see the falls perfectly fine! I only did this because my boyfriend convinced me to do it for my parents, and I am so happythat he did! This was an incredible close up experience to the falls. It was worth every penny that we spent. We stood on the first level, near the back (maybe front, im not boat vocabulary savvy) so we had amazing views and got soaked!!!!! They do provide youwith a poncho which kept my clothing dry, but my (straightened) hair was  very     quickly curly again! The boat was packed! The line was long, but moved fairly quickly. Beware of the people rushing and pushing while getting off the boat as if they were givingsomething away for free! Overall, an amazing experience and a must do while in Niagara FAlls.
Take a ride into the Niagara Falls Horseshoe, get all kinds of wet and scream your head off and laugh at terrified children :D
I can truly say that this was one of the best 20$ spent in my life.   We booked our tickets for 7:30pm online, which saved us few dollars per ticket. We made it for the 7pm cruise though, which was great since we did not have to wait. We stood in the back of the upper deck. Only our faces/hair got wet and the rest was dry or protected by the poncho. There was not many people on the boat, which made it really comfortable. The view was amazing. The cruise lasted about 15-20minutes. I totally recommend it! Book your tickets online before or after peak hours to save some money.
Honestly, I'd never waste my money on this again. The boarding process was organized and all, but the boat ride itself was just stupid. You spend 20 minutes waiting in line and then the actual "trip" is 15-20 minutes just going across the lake and down a little to get close to the falls. You get sprayed by the falls from the mist...I don't understand why people think that's such a big deal. Then the boat immediately turns around and goes back. Pointless, really... You can get a better view of the falls from the cliffside...
If you do nothing else during your trip to the Falls, you should get on this ship for a close-up view of this natural wonder. Even if you don't like water. Really. It is awesome. This used to be the Maid of the Mist, but now that's only accessible from the American side. No matter -- the Hornblower is phenomenal in its own right (and, I hear, exactly like the Maid, though perhaps smaller.) You can either stand below deck or on top. I chose the top at the railing closest to the Falls. I recommend this wholeheartedly! I got completely and utterly soaked. The whipping wind tore that pweny little trash bag of a poncho right off of my clothes when we got close to the waterfalls, but... the thrill!! When we got really close, most people retreated away from the railing or went down below. A few of us were still there -- some chose opportune times (myself included) when water did not hit us to snap photos -- laughing to each other and enjoying the brief moment of perfect happiness. It was one of those snapshots of time that I'll take with me for the rest of my life. You need to take this cruise. Man oh man.
I have been looking forward to coming to Niagara Falls since I was little, and especially excited to take this long-talked about ride that so many rave is amazing.  My boyfriend and I booked the "Sunset Cocktail Cruise", which boasted an extended 30 minute trip compared to the 15 minute one, with a beautiful view of the falls at sunset, including lite appetizers and beer, wine and cocktails.  Of course it was more expensive than the regular tour but we figured hey, it's worth the experience.  SPOILER ALERT:  MAJOR LETDOWN! Most of the "extended time" was spent waiting in line --we were told to be there at 8, waited in line and finally boarded the boat at 8:25  (we were docked at 8:40...I checked).  Some riders were under the impression that drinks were included-- they aren't.  It was very unclear as to whether you could pay with American money or a credit card, and the bar staff seemed annoyed that I would even ask.  The "appetizers" were 5-10 pieces of broccoli and cauliflower.   Yum! During the boat ride, we had a nice view of the American Falls, but everyone knows they pale in comparison to the Horseshoe Falls.  As we approached the Horseshoe Falls, the driver abruptly turned around without entering the mist-- I literally got wetter at the welcome center up above-- and a member of the crew begrudgingly explained they don't go further because it's "too dangerous"..even though EVERY OTHER BOAT we watched over the course of two days went much further than this "Sunset Cruise"... even the pictures on this yelp site show the boat clearly going closer to the falls. When I asked for a second drink to make up for the disappointment, I was ignored and then told it was too late when they finally acknowledged me. I had high hopes for this tour, and wish I could give negative stars to this review.  I paid more money for an experience I did not get, and had a better time standing at the top for free.  I cannot speak for the daytime tours, but do not get sucked into the allure of a cruise at sunset. However, If you like paying money to stay dry and listen to cheesy Kenny G music spouting from a crew members dying iPhone, go for it.
The firework is amazing although you can also watch it on land. Our trip is at night, it was special , glad to see the fall at night in such a close distance.
Our main reason for travelling 10 hours by car was to visit Niagara Falls.  The Hornblower cruise was icing on the cake!  It allowed us to have a close up personal view of the falls and be immersed by its power.  The cruise staff was organized and professional.  No issues, what a great day!
This is soooo much better than a 4D video - unless you don't like to be outside.  You get right in front of the falls.  I got the souvenir audio - $13.27.  The cruise tickets were $19.95 for each adult.  This used to be the Canadian version of the Maid of the Mist.  Another souvenir rain poncho!   You will get wet if you're on the railing in front of the Canadian Falls.  Not so much on the opposite side of the boat.  Enjoy feeling the power of the water pushing at the boat while it struggles to stay put.  The wind will whip and the water will fill the air.  Anything not covered will get wet.  I loved every minute!  Gorgeous views, videos, and photos.   The people were very friendly and helpful as well.
Best part of our trip to the Falls. It was expensive for us as there as six in our family but so worth it. I have been on the American side and this was my first time on the Canadian side. The views were spectacular and I highly recommend this. Only giving this stars due to the expense.
Whole family loved it!  You get wet, but they give you a poncho and it's a lot of fun.  Go upper deck for the best experience, saddle up near the front to get the most time near (or in :) ) the horseshoe falls, and enjoy! Try the adventure pass, it was worth it and you get a full day of fun and learning about the falls.
Brand new tour operator on the Canadian side of the river. Fantastic staff, great facility, new large boats. Total fun! There's even some areas inside glass walls in the boat if you really don't want to get wet, but getting wet is part of the fun!
I was so excited to go on the cruise. I was also excited that I didn't have to go to the US side since we were staying in Canada. The cruise was everything I imagined. We stood at the bottom, front right of boat and it was an excellent place to be (you will get wet). I was able to get some amazing pics. Seeing the falls up close was a dream come true.
Had a great time on the cruise.  Their queueing process was well planned and that made for a painless wait.  The experience was everything we hoped it would be.
This was one of the coolest experiences I have ever had. It is totally worth the $19.95! My group got tickets at the kiosk and were able to get on a boat within about 15 minutes. There were not a lot of people on the boat so getting a great view was extremely easy. I really liked how the boat was equipped with bathrooms just in case and a viewing deck where you could stay dry. Ponchos are given out and I strongly suggest you use it. You will get soaked! The pictures you will take will be priceless and it is an experience I will never forget. You will never this close to the falls doing any other type of tour. Definitely one of the best experiences I've had in Canada!
Im not one to complain ever but I was highly disappointed by this. Having never been to the falls I was so excited to take the famous boat ride into horseshoe falls. Instead I paid $40 to pass by the American falls and see Horseshoe Falls from the distance. I was told when purchasing my ticket that Hornblower took the same route as Maid of the Mist, which enters Horseshoe Falls. What they didn't tell us is that at night the water levels are apparently too low to do this. If thats the case the heads up would have been nice and I could have returned the next day. 6 of us went and you could hear the disappointment when we found out we weren't going into the falls like we thought we were paying for. The Ponchos we'rent necessary with the exception of the 60 seconds it takes to cruise by American Falls. We didn't even remotely come close to Horseshoe falls. When I asked one of the employees she told me its only a difference of about 8 feet that we didn't travel.  According to the photos that advertise this trip she must think a football field is 8 field in length because that was at least the minimal distance we were without entering the falls. Save your money and view it from the Canadian side on the far West corner of the falls. Its beautiful and totally free of charge.
Cool to see the falls closer than from the observation area. Buy the four attraction package to save some money. Worth it to get free bus rides around the city. The line moved quickly. If you can get on the left hand side of the top it is the best place to get wet and be closest to the water.
Well this is it...this is THE attraction that I came to Niagara Falls to see, the iconic boat that takes you right up to the falls. I went at the peak of tourist frenzy, Saturday around Noon.  The line was long, multi cultural and every other person was speaking a different language, yet we were all united in our excitement to board the boat and see the falls. They board quickly.  The process is organized.  You can go downstairs to watch the water churn beneath you or to the upper deck to feel the spray above you.  Its not easy to take pictures with your lens fogging up with mist, so they take one for you in front of a green screen before you board.  Smile nicely - it may be the only good, clear photo you can get of yourself so close to that roaring water.
