I'm addicted to this place. It is hands down my favorite clothing store in Buffalo. Walk in once and you'll fall head over heels in love. They always have a great selection, and I adore every item I've ever purchased here. It can be expensive, but it's worth it. There is always a decent sales rack, if you're the thrifty type. The jewelry selection is great and makes for a great last minute gift for a friend( they wrap it up in a cute little burlap bag!). The women that work here are awesome- really friendly and always helpful, not overbearing and obnoxious like retail sales associates tend to be.   Love, love, love.
What a lovely gem of a store hiding in plain sight on Hertel! Beautiful clothing, terrific service from Bri, AND a resident Corgi! Fabulous earrings & accessories you just won't find anywhere else. Go.
I've been in several times over the years but I finally took advantage of Bri's expert styling advice a couple months ago. I am so glad I did! It did cost me more than I was planning to spend but I came away with so much that I didn't need to buy any more clothing until the next season. Do come here with a big wallet because you will want to spend it all! If you love the style of J. Crew and Urban Outfitters but you want more unique pieces this is the place to go. And do not be shy to ask Bri for her help, she really knows her stuff and she actually remembers what you bought from there five months ago!
I was only in here to buy a gift card but the staff was amicable, helpful and efficient. They took extra time to make the gift card look nice and presentable. A staffs effort goes a long way and they certainly did enough for me to recommend the store and come back.
Ohhhh, beautiful clothes and accessories. How I adore you. This boutique is probably my favorite place to buy clothes in WNY. The lines they carry are unique and diverse, ranging from casual to dressy, and plenty in between. I love the variety of work to weekend pieces, and the jewelry is amazing. I get so many compliments on my finds from here. The store is lovely and the owner is adorable, sweet and helpful! Bonus: the store is connected to Baby Room, which is filled with gorgeous things for the wee ones.
I love this store, and I've been here on numerous occasions. I've purchased many things here and have never been disappointed with the quality, selection, or price. However, the staff was recently quite rude to my friend and I. We tried on about four items each, and unfortunately didn't want to purchase any. We hung them up properly and left our fitting rooms. Upon leaving, we thanked the staff member and smiled, to which she stared and refused to say anything back. As quiet, respectful shoppers that have purchased numerous items before (and the only shoppers present in the store at the time!), we were both offended at her unprompted rudeness. Please address this modnos! We love your store and would hate for one employee's rudeness to ruin a great reputation.
Modern Nostalgia is one of my favorite shops on Hertel. The clothes are cool and unique and I always feel very welcomed there. Some of the clothes are a little pricey, but overall not too bad. Spot Coffee is also conveniently close by too!
Modern Nostalgia is my favorite place to shop in Buffalo. The owner, Bri, is so helpful and friendly, and is great at styling. They have a great selection and change merchandise often. They also post new pieces on their Facebook page which definitely entices me and I'm sure many others to stop in the store! It's also located right near other great locally owned shops, like room, baby room, & Blue Hill Blue Kitchen.
