When I go anywhere I like to see what cigar bars that place has. So when I was visiting the Villages to see my parents, I decided to stop in and take a look. Whenever I go to a cigar bar, I always opt to get some of their house blend cigars. You can find the name brands anywhere. So I Stopped in and was pleasantly surprised. They have a great selection of cigars, the people that work there know what they are talking about, two of whom I dealt with were girls in their early twenties. It is not everyday that you see 2 attractive women who know what a good cigar is. But overall, I loved their ambiance, their prices and their house blends, which is a great smoke and one that I highly recommend.
Very cool little place. Not a bad wine selection, a nice simple cheese and fruit plate and other nice apps and 3 red/3 white wine flights. I loved this place. Not pricey. The flights were $10-12 and came with 3 wines (2 oz. each). I'll definitely visit here again.
I frequent Garvino's when the urge strikes...perhaps once a week.  I have no real objections about the service, especially when one or more of the staff aren't busy. I love the selection of their tasting wines and the bar area is very nice, albeit small...someone knowledgeable chose their tasting wines carefully...Unfortunately, I believe the prices are bit North of customary  (10-20%) and portion/serving size is also a wee bit smaller than is norm...not a big deal. Garvinos has an equally well chosen cigar selection and a nice smoking lounge complete with LCD TV.  Numerous knick naks liter the sales floor at premium prices but very good to better than avg quality. Garvino's has scaled back from their earlier wine selections and wine tastings are practically non-existent these days. I like Garvinos...but other area choices are somewhat more attractive.
Great cigar selection at very reasonable prices; much less than many similar stores I visited in the Orlando area. They even had the Cigar of the Year at a fair retail price. I loved the Diamond Crown smoking lounge, very well apportioned and friendly. Too many Boston Red Sox fans, but what you gonna do. I had the wine flight, reds, Around the World. Great price for a good tasting. Boston lost, so that added to the savor of my smoke. I found the service very attentive and helpful, nothing like some other posters encountered. I Met the owner, very nice guy, he recommended some cigars I had not tried, filled up my lighter. Service from the bar was very good. You can't do better to have a cigar in/around the Villages than GarVino's. I honestly have no idea what some of the other complaints are about. I'm told the place has a new manager, maybe that will stop the complaints. I honestly liked the place quite a bit. Almost dropped one star because it looks like they use a wine metering device on all the pours. Look, I know it makes sense and gets portion control right, and saves money, and gets the pours right on and all that, I get it, I do, the arguments all make sense, and this particular layout is really well-done, very nice to look at, but I cannot get on board this trend. Call me hopelessly old fashioned, but I expect an honest bartender to make that call, not the portion machine, and if the bartender wants to pour a bit extra for special guest or occasion, so be it. There is still plenty of markup on drinks to cover those inconsistencies, and a loyal clientele to a fine barkeep is the foundation of a successful place. Let the bartender get it right, even if you do lose an ounce here and there. But that is my opinion, and I won't deduct it from the rating.
The customer service sucks. I went here looking for a wine to give as a gift and the guy took one look at me and told me to try Publix. I was even wearing my good sweatpants! Worst Cigar/Wine Store Ever.
I would think any business would want to make a sale in this tough economy.  I was ready to purchase some wine here as a gift for a friend.  Not being a wine person, I wasn't sure what to get.  The sales rep there met me with an insolent tone in an attempt to be condescending.  He made me feel uncomfortable enough to leave the store without purchasing anything when I went there with a $50 budget to purchase some wine.  Well I'm sorry I don't know the difference between a Shiraz and a Malbec.  Oh well... I would steer clear of this place unless you are one of those uptight "wine types" who thinks their farts don't stink, Otherwise you will be treated as though you are a hindrance to the salesmen's solitaire game.
Centrally located at Lake Sumter Landing right in the heart of The Villages!  The wine selection is great.  Retail store along with neighborhood upscale bar.  I enjoyed the local musicians performing the night I stopped in. Being locally owned & operated - gives Garvino's a unique feel- very friendly and classy spot to chill anytime. Sorry, since I do not smoke cigars -  I cannot comment on that part of the store.
