Wonderful food and great service.  Very nice, clean restaurant.   If you want great Indian food make sure you stop in here!   Delicious!
This place is really good !  Nice atmosphere.  I went here with my parents while I was visiting from California over Christmas.  The last time I ate at Amrit Palace was in 2007 when the restaurant was smaller and at a different location.  My parents live nearly 45 minutes away and love this place, they come here a lot. The lamb is terrific and of course be sure to enjoy a Kingfisher while you're there.   ;-)
I am thrilled to have such a choice for good food.  Thank you.  Wonderful owners, great nourishment.
Absolutely wonderful!  The "medium" tandoori chicken was very hot and really tasty. The rayta was a treat and the vegetable samosas, hot and delicious, but the lamb curry was my favorite. Everything was scrumptious, the service was attentive and the restaurant, immaculate. All in all a wonderful experience and I can't wait to go back!
This is the best Indian food in the Gainesville area (and yes, it's about 35 minutes outside of Gainesville).  The Navrattan Korma is especially delicious and the service is friendly and quick.  If you are really into hot spices then make sure to let them know that you want it extra spicy since the food can be a little mild. But even though it's not hot-spicy, the food does have plenty of spice and fills your mouth with aroma.  I would recommend it for a date, but probably not a first date since the deliciousness of the spices is proportional to the rankness of the breath.  :)  Yumz.
My first try of indian food, because it wasn't very popular where came from, and well, downright gross.  So I was a little hesitant when being introduced to it again.  But can I say, Amrit Palace changed my mind.  I always get theri Chicken Tikka Masala, its mouth watering.  I didn't like their Tandouri very much, they chop the chicken whole and you get tiny slivers of bones, which freak me out.  Otherwise, if you always said no to Indian food, try Amrit, it will change your mind!
This was a very pleasant find in Ocala.  My wife and I enjoy good Indian food and that is certainly what we got at this fine restaurant.  The ambience and the service was very good.  The Samosa Chaat was very tasty and as good as any I have had.  We will definitely come back.
Very good Indian food. I ordered the butter chicken (mild) and it was too spicy for me - they took it back and made it mild without even flinching! It was really good. The service was nice and generally quick. If I ever make it back to Ocala, this place will be on my list.
I was starving after work so I stopped by this place to eat. I wasnt expecting it to be super nicely decorated inside. I didn't feel like eating alone esp when there was only one other party in the restaurant, so I opted to go. I ordered the chicken curry, garlic nan, and a mango lassi (total $20)  It took about 15 minutes for my order to come out. It was a pretty big portion of chicken curry, probably weighed about 4 lbs worth of food? The service was okay, a little quirky, but friendly. So as I was driving, I had to break hard and the bag tipped over and my curry went upside down!! I was heartbroken until I opened up the bag to find to my complete surprise the container had held all the curry in, no spills what so ever!! I was definitely impressed.   And when I finally got home to gorge on Indian food, I was impressed even still with the flavors and textures. The chicken was super tender, the nan was soft and chewy, the mango lassi quenched my thirst perfectly. With the prices, I would save this spot for a special occasion dinner or lunch date.
A good Indian restaurant for an area that's obviously lacking many good places to dine. The food is excellent for the price, and in some ways it's distinguished from all the other Indian food I've had in the world--the flavors are very oniony I'd say. Anyway, definitely worth a try if you're in Ocala or driving through.
Very good Indian food. I have eaten here over the years. Very clean. Love their chutney. I usually order spicy. Always consistent. Would recommend. I can eat there and won't be hungry for hours ........very unusual for me.
We were staying overnight in Ocala. Went to the address listed and found that they moved about a mile west. I have submitted an address change (3415 SW College Rd.). This was our first visit to Amrit, and we were very impressed. Service was excellent. The place was super neat and clean. We are not very knowledgeable of Indian food, so we appreciated the descriptions of each dish on the menu. We ordered the $7.95 lunch special. Got a Lamb Curry and a Chicken Curry. They came with a little bowl of Dal soup, ample serving of rice and a giant Naan, with onion chutney. A darn nice sized meal for the average eater. Lamb and chicken were tender and lean. We really liked the food and everything else about this place. We'll definitely go again next time we're in Ocala. Drank a Kingfisher. Did you know it's brewed and bottled in upstate New York?
We love this place!  Great service and great food.  Go during lunch to get the lunch specials and and save a few bucks.
Excellent, reliable little restaurant.  This place beats any Indian food I've found in Orlando or Gainesville.  The decor isn't particularly thrilling, and it's a very small space, but you'll love the food.  Try the lassi, too!
Very tasty food, and probably the best there is in the Ocala area.  They're in their new location where Shell's used to be (how I miss Shell's).  Very tasteful decor with arches and pillars, very good tasting food, service was good.  The server checked on us a couple times, and the owner visited our table.  I tried to suggest he have a buffet on Saturdays, but he laughed and said " Maybe later."  I won't hold my breath until that happens.  Looks like they kept the bar, and there is now a Maharishi room in the back for private parties.  Good tandoori chicken, good chicken rogan josh, a good mango lassi.  This is a nice place to bring a date or the family.
Great environment, great food, great service.  Will visit again next time I'm in the area.
We were guided to Amrit through friends and anticipated a great experience in advance...Unfortunately, we were disappointed.  Firstly, the business is very hard to find...located in a small strip center just off a VERY congested US200.  When we arrived, there were no other clients...An elderly man greeted us.  We've only recently been introduced to Indian food, so we had questions - he couldn't communicate with us...Soon, he returned with a woman and she tried to help with us with the menu.  We ordered appetizers and drinks.  My "iced" tea arrived in a small glass - it was piss-WARM and there was no sugar on the table...and he was gone!  After quite sometime (15+ min) our appetizers arrived...stone cold.  We devoured the naan, enjoying the spicy bouquet of the onion chutney.  The man never returned to ask questions or refill my micro-cup of tea...Impatiently, I went to the front desk and when no one came out...I opened the front door - and the woman came out.   I asked her for more tea.  By now, we'd spent over an hour here - for FREEKIN appetizers!  She didn't come out with more tea for 10+ min. and it was WARM-again (by now I'm pissed).  During the course of our meal, we were "treated"  to an Indian-language battle in the lobby area...They were screaming at the top of their lungs! When we left, I attempted to convey my displeasure over our meal, drinks and service...all I got were goofy looks and shrugging shoulders with half-hearted smiles...they either didn't understand (or didn't want to understand.)  The tab was high...appetizers and warm/iced tea for 2 was nearly $30.  The food at Amrit is inordinately priced, poorly presented and the language barrier seems insurmountable at times.  Why would anyone eat here is beyond us!
I went there for dinner with my boyfriend. We order the dinner for two which turn out to be a three course meal. Everythig was soooo delicious by the end of the meal we were stuffed. The only thing I would say it was a little hard to find as it was in a small shopping center. But it is a high recommendation!
My parents and I have been going to this place for over 5 years. The food is always excellent and so are the people that own the place. This has to be one of my top 5 places to eat.
I've eaten at their restaurant for nearly thirteen years and have never found another Indian food restaurant that comes close. The owners and employees are friendly and the restaurant is always clean and tidy. My favorite dishes are the tandoori chicken, curry chicken, and the tikka masala. Their naan, rice, and appetizers - especially the bhujia - are consistently awesome. They are one of my two favorite restaurants of all time.
I have eaten here twice!  This Indian food is worth every penny and the people there are very respectful and sweet.  My mom introduced me to this place.  Delicious!
I've been visiting Amrit Palace for nearly twenty years and have always been incredibly happy with their food.  The lamb vindloo and rogan josh are particular favorites.  I feel like the meals are easily shared between two people if you don't want to get up from the table feeling stuffed and uncomfortable.  My dinner partner and I can share a meal and an order of naan and be satisfied. On my last visit I was very underwhelmed by the quality of service.  The restaurant was incredibly busy on a Saturday night so we waited for 45 minutes for a table (no problem there, but at least now we know to make reservations) and then, once seated, at least five minutes for someone to come and take our drink order.  Service and the kitchen were both slow that night but the food was just as good as always. This is definitely my go-to Indian restaurant in the area and the one I judge others by when I travel.  So far I've only found one place I enjoy more and it's in Asheville, NC.
This place was amazing! Great service and the food was unbelievable!!! Probably the best chicken masala and naan bread I've had! You can order your food mild, medium or hot, I ordered it hot...for the record, it was hot!!! My nose was running and sweat was dripping off my head! For anyone wanting to try Indian for the first time I would def suggest this place! You cannot go wrong here!
LOVE the food!!  The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the Owners are always so welcoming.  BEST INDIAN FOOD in the State of Florida!!!!!
Really as good as it gets for an Indian restaurant in North America.  The food is either cooked by real Punjabis or they very closely supervise the cooking.  The taste is excellent and each curry is unique.
Always a stop on my overnight stay in Ocala. The Tandoori chicken is perfect for sharing and pick two vegetarian dishes of curry and that's a great dinner.
Great place for Indian food
I've eaten Indian food all over Florida and this place takes the cake for me! I have yet to have better naan and Chicken Korma in FL. Their Saag is very solid and their wait staff is family so they really care about everyone who comes in. Can't wait to go back!!
First time to a Indian restaurant in Ocala, FL, I must say this was some really good tasting Indian food., The chicken dishes were great as well as the naan. The one downside about this place was the service, it was really slow, they might have been under staffed that day but who knows. However if you want some good tasting Indian food then stop by here
What a gem! My husband and I found Amrit Palace by chance during a long road trip. The location, setting, service and quality of food were  topnotch. When we first walked in, there was a wonderful aroma of mixed spices. Our meals confirmed that we had made an excellent choice in stopping. Thank you for making this a great experience. We look forward to making this an annual stop for many years to come.
My husband and I absolutely LOVE this place! We've been long-time, loyal customers and drive from Gainesville just to eat there. It's a craving that you can't resist. I used to not like lamb and now we're both in love with their lamb curry!
I love this place clean food and healthy , I go there all the time but I wish if they have more tables and more parking spots.
Amazing food! The lamb vindeloo is a must have.
I must agree with everyone else.  Amrit is yummy.  The lamb curry was terrific.  The staff was attentive. It- was crowded and alive.  I hope it continues to do well.  I will eat here on future trips.
We ate here several months ago and were very disappointed.  All the food was overcooked and if not for sauces would have been totally tasteless.  We will never return
These reviews nail it. Really fantastic Indian, great service, and in a mellow, romantic atmosphere. My wife and I had the "dinner for two" and subbed rogan josh for another lamb dish. It was pretty good, but the tandori chicken was the best I've ever had. Tons of food and a varied sampling -- enough leftover for dinner the next day. We will definitely be back.
I have nothing great to say about Amrit.  I believe they are pricy for what they offer, and the food is just OK.  The new location is mighty nice though!
I was a huge fan of what was the best Indian food to eat in Ocala. Since they have moved on we have started coming to Amrit's. It is very good Indian food. Being spoiled by our other first choice this makes it hard to go to another Indian restaurant. But they have a good choice menu with a small selection for lunch specials. They definitely need a buffet and some rice pudding. Other than that the place is always clean and service is either really friendly or simply quiet. Still makes for a great place to eat.
Went Here with family this evening, and it was awful experience. My sister ordered yogurt, and the server stated " you know there's a charge". Obviously, we are there to eat and pay, hence we are eating out. The server was rude and lacked good service. Food is overpriced for quantity. Taste was okay. Will not return.
A friend and I went here today for lunch. We each had something different, I had the Butter Chicken and she had the Chicken Curry, both were very tasty and the chicken very tender. We had a lentil soup before and it was served with a tomato onion combo, equally good. . The decor was very nicely done and the waiters were very attentive.This will now be one of our favorite restaurants
Great food, great service! Saw this place on our way to Panama City! We had curry lamb and curry chicken was pretty good!
My favorite Indian restaurant ever!  We time our trips through central Florida to be able to stop here and eat.  I panicked when we drove to their old hole-in-the-wall location and didn't find them, but the decor for the new place is much nicer.  We've been customers for more than a dozen years and we haven't found better Chicken Vindaloo or Navratan Shahi Korma anywhere.  I really wish this place was in Miami.  My mouth is watering.
This place was awesome!  I stopped here on the way up to Gainesville and the food was incredible.  The decor is a little odd though.
best north indian food I have ever had! in united states
I'm not very knowledgeable about Indian food but have enjoyed it in the past.  The food at Amrit was very good.  We enjoyed the appetizer platter eventhough we didn't know what it was.  The pea soup for starters was delicious.  My son's lamb dish was out of this world flavorable.  My lobster dish was a hair chewy, but I don't expect first rate lobster in Ocala, FL.  My Mother-In-Law's tandoori chicken was a huge portion.  The restaurant was clean and decorated nicely to boot.  I'm very pleased that I took a moment to look at Yelp before visiting my In-laws because I discovered a very good restaurant.  We also enjoyed the garlic nan.  I'll be sure to go back there next time I'm in Ocala, FL.
Don't go for buffet. Not what you would expect from buffet. It has like... 6 dishes.
I have been to this restaurant a few times now and the food and service are always TERRIFIC. Just walking in the door is a treat when you are assailed by the most wonderful aroma. You are greeted warmly and (in my case) immediately seated at a very comfortable table. The noise level is very low, so comfortable conversation is possible. The wait staff is attentive but not cloying and you are never pressed to order, pay or move on. And the food... Oh My Goodness, it is sublime. It is so good you will want to put your face down and lick the plate. The last 3 times I was there I had the luncheon for 2, which has a great variety of foods. Next was the Lobster Curry, which was divine. Last night I had the Lamb Biryani, which is a huge serving. My husbands favorite is the chicken Biryani and my Mom & brother had the dinner for two which had a excellent selection of different Indian foods they had never tired and which they pronounced wonderful. In fact my family has decided that this is going to be our new Christmas Eve dinner tradition. The prices aren't too bad. Maybe a little high with the average dinner running between $15-$18 dollars. The special dinners are a little more. Overall we thought we got great value for the money.
I had a difficult time writing this review, but for personal reasons....in a nutshell, here are my findings: the food is very tasty and their dishes are not too pricey; all-in-all I would say that this restaurant would get an "A" from me where it comes to taste and menu options, even ambience, while not exquisite, is decent....but on a personal note, the owner was prejudiced and blatantly disrespected my non-Indian husband!
I've never had Indian food before but I've always wanted to try it, and this place jumps out at you. They are in a big beautiful building that you can see directly from the main road. So I went in one day by myself for lunch. The inside is gorgeous. Great colors, classy decor, and very clean. The service is fabulous. More than one person visits your table to check on you, which is nice. I had the meat samosas, which unfortunately I did not like. The meat was dry and the pastry shell was too hard and dry as well. Since I'm not familiar with Indian food, I wasn't sure if this is how they  are supposed to be, so I didn't say anything about it. But the rest of my food was great. I ordered the chicken tandoori lunch special, which came with rice, dahl soup and onion chutney. Freakin awesome. Hot, fresh, tasty. I will definitely try this place again. Next time, no samosas, but I would like to try chicken tikka masala or lamb.
Love everything about this restaurant, I stop there for lunch on my way to Tallahassee with my boyfriend and we ordered the lunch special plus some samosas and nan bread. Service  very friendly and food delicious. No to mention that all under $30.00. We recommend it 100%   Rucht D
I felt as if I was pushed into a room with a toddler.  No thoughts were given to the fact that we did not want a noisy talkative toddler just behind us. This was just the beginning of the experience.   It was obvious that they have a certain area that is open at a certain time.  The restaurant was all but empty.  There were so many tables.  The people seated behind us had a really obnoxious child and honestly, they had to know it way before we arrived.   I'm sorry but that does not cut it when you charge $16 for a very small portion of food.   They charge for everything- chutney- you name it.  Imagine going to a normal restaurant and getting an extra charge for condiments, crackers, etc.  Expect to pay in excess of $28 per person if you are drinking water.   If you have never been to a similar restaurant, you might be impressed.  We were not.   Honestly, I tried to be impressed because they have  such good reviews. I really don't know how to cook Indian food but I realized that my cooking is actually better than the dish I ate here -  from watching cooking channel.   Spice Lady or something like that... Staff is nice but clueless. Examine your crazy prices.  You are in Ocala - NOT NYC!
I was passing through Ocala while in the mood for Indian food and so I dropped in again.  Unfortunately I was disappointed again for the usual reasons;  high prices, uneven food quality, indifferent service, ... So let me just ask the question:  Why can't an Indian restaurant offer some decent beer?  This place has a sophisticated clientele, but their beers are just the cheapest, worst mass-market labels, which I refuse to buy.  The only 'interesting' beer on the list is Kingfisher, which is mediocre at best.  Even the wine list is a disappointment:  Sutter Home Singles?  Give me a break.   The owners of this place are taking their customers for granted and basically just phoning it in.
This place has okay Indian food. I had their chicken tikka masala and garlic naan.  It was good, but not great. I was excited after reading so many awesome reviews but their chicken tikka masala and their garlic naan was average.
I always order the same dish. every time it is perfectly. prepared.  service is good. prices are ok. the food is great!
Always the very best of Indian cooking. Had the goat and chicken biryani. Started with an excellent dal soup and mango lassi . Our favorite restaurant when we visit Ocala
Not the best Indian I've had and I don't know that I'd say they're close. The flavor of the curry is kind of off- not as sweet or spicy as the standard should be. I ordered my food to be the spiciest they can make it- and it was not spicy at all. They said they make their food "American-spicy", so apparently Americans must not know what spicy is- this is not. They offer a few decent choices for their lunch menu which I believe is all you should pay for average Indian food. I'm guessing it's so overrated because it must be the only one around in this area? I'm not sure but I'm from a place where we have Indian restaurants on every block and they're very competitive and delicious. I would come back for lunch, but I would ask for it to be made "Indian-spicy" and I would not order the curry. Maybe the masala would be a safer/better-tasting choice. Also the standard chutney they serve is gross and not the original chutney places serve. Make sure to ask for the tamarind chutney. They do definitely have the best garlic naan I've had- I'll give them that.
It's been a couple of years since I've been here and wow has this place been upgraded but the food is still just as wonderful.
This is the most amazing restaurant on the planet. The way the good is so packed with flavor is unimaginable. From the dal soup to the palak paneer . I could eat a dozen samosa just make sure you get some mango chutney. This is a world heritage site for food. Deserves a Michelin star. It had been so long since I had been,but in college we always took road trips to come here. I advise you to do the same.
I love this should place. Great menu, good authentic Indian cuisine.  I have been here many times.
Excellent tikka masala, very clean, and welcoming service. Always glad to stop here when traveling on I-75
I was in Reddick, FL for educational purposes and at night, my friend and I decided to look for a place for dinner.  Luckily, we had a person who knew the area and he told us to check this place out and we are so glad we did!   This little gem is outstanding.  I ordered a paneer masala, my friend ordered an eggplant curry of some sort, and a vegetable curry was ordered as well.  They were all awesome!  You have the option to choose mild, medium, or hot.  I chose mild and I found that the amount of spice for me was already sufficient.   The paneer they had was absolutely wonderful - although it still didn't beat Spice 11 (see my review for Guelph, ON, Canada) for that.  But it was a great treat.  Entering the restaurant, you were surrounded by this wonderful smell of their food cooking.   If I had a chance, I would definitely come back!
I remember when amrit palace was in the small location next to the laundromat. They were delicious then and they are delicious now. Some of the meals are a bit pricey but they're worth a regular visit. Service is also quality. I always look forward to visiting again.
Never had a bad meal or service here.  Always outstanding!  Order the mango chutney, slather it on the Peshawari Nan.  I can only describe it as an Indian dessert taco or something.   It's nuts!   Can't go wrong with any of the curries.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is fantastic.   It's all good.   Don't worry about the food being too spicy, they will accommodate you:).
My favorite restaurant in town. Not only is the food always amazing and consistent, but the staff always make you feel so welcomed and remembered . Truly a wonderful dining experience whenever we go to Amrit.
Awesome Indian cuisine, with bunch of little dishes that make you want to come back! Try the chicken curry or the tandoori chicken! Staff is nice and the sitting environment is nice too!
Lunch menu and portion sizes were a bit smaller than we are used to, especially for the price and we had to purchase puppodums, instead of them being offered as a free "cracker", I suppose that it was because naan came with the meal.  We did enjoy our food very much.
Excellent authentic indian cuisine. Super nice, attentive staff. Family restaurant.  As good as what you would expect in larger cities.  Butter chicken was so good! We are on vacation  and wish we could take this place back to st Pete with us.
This is my favorite restaurant in Florida.  I love their chicken tikka masala, naan, and dal soup.  I go to this place any time I pass by it on the interstate since I don't live in Ocala.  Parking is so easy and the staff is so sweet and kind.  Family owned and operated.
I have eaten here a few times already but haven't been in awhile. I feel the staff is friendly and the environment is authentic and the food is awesome
As travelers blaze through the I-75 corridor surpassing the once sleepy little town of Ocala, you may want to rethink what Ocala once was, cause its grown. I'm sure theres good and bad with that, but one thing is for sure, take that all important exit 350 that leads you to Amrit Indian Restaurant. I have rarely found an Indian restaurant in the Florida area to be good or outstanding, I have found one today. The owners and their staff can't have been more friendlier or more expedience in assisting me in my food needs. Yeah, like all Indian restaurants there a little bit kitschy and the Devore is overwhelming, but you feel so comfortable here that you don't want to leave. Because once you step inside they welcome you as friends and family. There are reasons I had to wait 15 minutes for a table, there are reasons why Amrit displays awards so proudly. Amrit is a gold mine. Busy at lunch, I can't imagine the line at dinner. .Service is exceptional, you feel warm and welcome once you get you I ordered the chicken korma and the onion nan bread, I have never been so lucky at winning a complex food menu in my life as I have today. As they surprised me with a small cup of lentil and split pea soup which is delicate and has a hidden taste of curry, They also served up a terrific tomato and onion chutney, that married well with my Korma and Nan, and oh by the way the chicken korma was to die for!  As, was  the onion nan! I was in Bollywood heaven, the food, the stellar service, like you can tell no complaint from me what's so ever. As I got into my car heading off to Miami, I was in full blown food coma, I was really looking forward to that next trip that takes me down I-75 to Exit 350!
The food is really great here, the prices are very reasonable, and the people and service are outstanding. This is one of the better restaurants in Ocala -- admittedly, that's not a screaming endorsement, but this place would be great anywhere.
If you are cruising down I-75 and would like some Indian food, this place should do the trick. Called Armpit Palace (affectionately) it is a bit expensive, and overall portions are a tad on the small side. However, the food is fresh and the flavors are great. Shrimp appetizer was pricey at $13, but the shrimp were very good (what you would expect and hope for in Florida). Portion on the chicken curry was small, and was mostly sauce. Tandori was tasty, but slightly dried out. Chicken Tikka was great, as was the sag paneer and a mushroom dish (forgot name). Butter chicken was very good too. Dinner for two was $82 plus tip. They do have a dinner-for-two special that was cheaper, but we wanted certain dishes. Nice enough atmosphere.
The food is AMAZING, however it is sometimes not worth the drive of 45 minutes there and another 45 minutes back with a stomach full of cream and butter.  Tragic!  A family member of mine insists on coming here every year for her Birthday. Anyways, there is a wonderful family atmosphere about this establishment.  The prices are decent and the food is super tasty.  Their Garlic Naan is the best I have ever had and their Mango Lassi is quite good too (not as sour as I normally like though).  Make sure to try their Dal soup, it is rich and full of spice.  All of the entrees I have had here are delicious, such as; Aloo Matar, Lobster Curry, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Korma.  We have been here so many times that I cannot remember everything, just that I have always had a great experience. Kheer (rice pudding) is not normally on their menu, but sometimes the owner will give you some of his personal stash.  I will never forget how freaking good it was.  Ice gold and thickened with basmati rice and cream, don't forget the white raisins, almonds, and pistachios.  Drool... I have their number programmed into my phone, so if we are driving by on the interstate, I will call a take-out order while we are 20 minutes away and pick it up as we are passing by.  Usually driving from Gainesville to Tampa or Orlando.
I may have spoken too soon when I proclaimed that Amrit Palace had been "dethroned". After subsequent visits it became clear that Amrit Palace has, not only consistently banged out some mighty fine food, but has made its way into my coveted Favorite Place for Indian Cuisine in N. Central Florida. What was I thinking? Their sauces are right on point in terms of consistency and flavor. The lamb in the Rogan Josh was very tender and the Butter Chicken and Matar Paneer are truly in a class of their own. Their Naan? Quite good actually, though this one still goes to The Taj. Again, I can't over state how I jumped the gun on that "dethroned" statement; Amrit Palace, you've made me eat my words and they were oh so good!
I've frequented Amrit Palace many times over the years (for over 5 years, if that's saying much).  Growing up in Ocala, this was my first exposure to Indian cuisine, and I was rather impressed.  The food delighted my palate with all the intricate seasoning, and they're great about keeping food at the requested spice level.  I feel like they are somewhat pricy, but given how little ethnic food is available in Ocala, you kind of have to pay a premium for it.  However, they do have lunch specials that are limited in choice, but quite delicious and reasonably priced.  It comes with a delicious dal soup (I usually don't like strong ginger flavors, but somehow they made it amazing!).   If I had made a review back when I first started going to Amrit Palace, I probably would have given it 5 stars, for the taste of the food.  However, I have lived out of Ocala for a few years now but still return to visit family, and have thus tried many other Indian restaurants (10+), and found that while I still find their food delicious, I've had much better.  They still have one of the best naans that I have had - fluffy and buttery without being greasy or dry.   So, why 4 stars?  From an Ocala-perspective I might've given it a 5 star, but I feel like their service sometimes can be too cold/reserved and not very attentive to feel as hospitable as other restaurants.  Also, I usually eat in, and I went recently and ordered a lunch special and a dinner item to-go; and I neglected to check the items before leaving, and they only gave my *half* a piece of naan for $2.25.  Furthermore, they so unceremoniously wrapped rice in tin foil to accompany my takeout - I was confused when I got home and saw the burrito-looking object, only to open it and find rice spilling everywhere.  Needless to say, sure I was at fault for not checking before leaving, but I definitely will not be ordering their items to go again. So bottom line: From an Ocala-persepctive: 5 stars - 1 star (service) = 4 stars From an outsider view, somewhere between 3.5-4 stars.
5 star Indian food in culinary wasteland Ocala??  WTF?! But yes, it's true.  Amrit Palace is a great little Northern Indian restaurant tucked into an unassuming strip mall (wait, every restaurant in Ocala is in a strip mall...). Friendly service, although our server wouldn't really elaborate on the preparation of our dishes to my Gudjerati co-worker, which even I found annoying.  When an Indian asks how it's prepared, don't say "the usual way"! Anyways, great little restaurant.  I was very happy to find it.
I love stopping here after bicycling in Ocala. Really great Indian flavors and a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. We began coming here because we love indian cuisine but after seeing the extensive menu and service, we just kept coming back no matter what! They have a great lunch special ($7.95) which you could order even on saturday and sundays. It includes a cup of lentil soup, naan, and the main dish. The lunch menu has the most popular items from the chicken, meat, vegetarian, and seafood menu. Asides from the great food, this place also has very friendly owners. The second time we stopped by we asked our waiter what spice they added to their jasmin rice. He it was saffron  and we kept on eating. A couple of minutes later the owner stopped by with a little sample of saffron and sat with us to explain why saffron is so special to indian cuisine. We LOVE food so the fact that he sat down and gave us the gist of saffron and the flavors it adds to food was just so cool. PS- saffron is crazy expensive...like $1,500 per pound so the fact that he brought us some to taste was just amazing. I will always continue to come back to Amrit and you should try it as well.
We love this place and make it our business to stop here whenever we pass through Ocala. It is less than a mile east of I-75, so very convenient. For lunch, we had tandoori chicken and a veggie dish with chick peas , spinach and curry sauce.Lunch came with dal soup, a spicy tomato chutney, rice and a piece of naan...all for $7.95 pp. The environment is beautiful and service is attentive, How can you beat it?
This place is a strong 4/5. I do like all kinds of Indian food, but it isn't exactly authentic or cheap. If it was either, I'd probably give it a 5/5.
I got take-out food from Amrit Palace after a difficult, mind-frying 3 days of class at the Chi Institute. The lamb mushroom dish was exactly what I needed to tonify my qi! It made for a perfect comfort food dinner. I called in my order and they had it ready for me in about 15 minutes. The portion was about 4 cups of meat and gravy. It was nice and warm and the "medium" spiciness was just barely spicy. They gave me 2 or 3 cups of rice that was warm and fluffy to go with my lamb, and about 1/4 cup of a tomato-based (?) condiment. I don't know the proper name but it was kind of like the pickled condiments I've had at other Indian restaurants (not spicy). The chunks of lamb were very tender and the gravy was thick and creamy. The young man that helped me was polite and the lobby was quiet and clean. I thought the price was very fair, especially for a large portion-- under $16 and I still have enough for breakfast. Finally, it was easy to access the place as it's only a short distance from I-75 and has a big sign and adequate parking. GREAT! Will be returning. Next time I will try my dish "spicy."
For some reason I ordered the butter chicken rather than something more exotic. It was great, perfectly spiced, who would have thought, just off I-75. There will be a next time even if it is out of my way.
As Jon J said, this is 5 star Indian food in the most unlikely of places.  It's mind blowing, but it's true.  I've been to Indian restaurants all throughout Florida (including most of them in the Orlando area) and NYC and I've never had anything else that can hold a candle to Amrit. Really, I don't know where to begin with this one.  The food is spiced better than any other Indian food I've had.  The meat is more tender than any other Indian food I've had.  The rice is absolutely delicious.  The curry is probably the tastiest I've ever had and the tandoori chicken is a prize winner.  And this doesn't even touch on the owners.  It's all around a top notch place.  I actually get excited about driving to Ocala at times because of the chance to go here. Now, I know that everyone's hyped this place up.  It's very small and casual.  Don't expect anything fancy as far as decor goes.  While I would be feel more than comfortable taking a date here, you're going here for the food, not visual stimulation.  Also, while this is a hole in the wall, don't expect hole in the wall prices for diner.  For dinner, you're most likely going to spend over $20 a head.  Their lunch specials, however, are an outrageously good deal at around $8 (from what I can remember). If you're a fan of Indian food and find yourself driving 75 through Ocala, make it a point to try this place.  You're not going to find better Indian food in Florida, period.  I would assume you'd have to go to a highly rated, much more expensive restaurant to even find better in the country.  I'm not even joking about how ridiculously great the food is here and, unfortunately, I'm spoiled against going other places now.  I'll try any new Indian place I can, but I'm usually disappointed after going to Amrit for so many years.
I really wasn't expecting it. A really yummy Indian restaurant in the middle of Ocala? North Central Florida? Where the biggest city is a small college town? We went, we braced ourselves for disappointment and yearning for the big city. But, instead, we found a delicious array of foods! Ok, I haven't had the opportunity to try my favorite - Chicken Vindaloo yet. But, we had their sample platter and let me tell you, we left full and smiling! With promises for our return!!! And return we shall :)
I had business in Ocala today.  After seeing the business's address, a tiny 2-watt light bulb went off.  Wasn't there something in that vicinity that I wanted to eat? ... oh, Amrit Palace!  Great, I love Indian food!  And they're open for lunch!  And they have mango lassi!  Double score!  So naturally, with such high hopes, I could only come into town and go the wrong way multiple times before getting to the appointment too late, having to reschedule, and deciding to eat lunch instead.  And Amrit Palace, where are you?  Oh!  You're by the Papa John's that I've passed five times in the last half-hour! My directionally-challenged behavior aside, this is a good restaurant.  The staff is attentive (and significantly more friendly if you're a regular, I noticed).  Patrons ranged from businessmen to people who came into town just eat there, to regulars, to first-timers like me.  The lunch special is $7.95, a good value if you consider that you get soup in addition to the main dish/basmati rice/naan.  I thought I might need a lassi (fine, I just wanted a lassi) but their mild really is mild, so it turned out to be as unnecessary as it was delicious.  I ordered the lamb, which was five or six cubes of very tender meat in aromatic curry.   Unlike other reviewers with a great deal of experience with Indian food, I have only had the opportunity to try a few restaurants: the now-defunct Sun Center Kabob House, Indian Cuisine, Chutnee's, Radhika's, and now here.  The food here just reminded me of Indian Cuisine for $2-4 less per dinner entree (offset by the 80-mile round trip).  So while I liked it, I wasn't wowed.  I'm almost a fan.  Almost. Since I'm likely to have more business in Ocala soon, I'll be back to try other dishes--possibly even lug a dinner home every now and again. 3.5 stars.
Wow great indian. I'm from south fla and we have great indian. I had butter chicken and it was so good I have been craving it for days. Naan bread was fluffy and light. Highly recommend this place.
UPDATE, JANUARY, 2014:  They finally (after 16 years of asking) added Peshawari Naan to the menu ... and it's one of the best versions I've ever enjoyed.  Thank you! Everyone else is right on so I'm not going to go into much detail. Suffice it to say we've been enjoying Amrit for well over 10 years and have never(!) had a bad meal nor service failure. Hint: for a special experience, visit during school holidays when the daughters come and help out.  They are hoots!
Bonafides: I lived in Singapore 11 years and visited india on several occasions This is the real deal. Although slightly toned down for American tastes but there were a lot of Indian folks eating there when we were so that means something to me. The Tandoori chicken was excellent and the naan really good. You can specify spiciness level medium good for me. Portions very generous. Very, very good Indian. I wish this was in Charleston Very clean fresh decor upgrade
Have been here several times and the food has been consistently very good. The chole  was perfectly spiced and the bhatura was large and fluffy.  The keema was moist and delicious and the onion kulcha was the perfect accompaniment. My friends also really enjoyed the nawabi biryani though the chicken breast was a little dry.  Overall I love this place and the only thing that could improve are the prices.
Worst service and food ever! Waiter never even said hello. The first we saw of him was when he came out of the bathroom, he finished zipping his zipper at the table as he said, "are you ready to order?" After taking our order he never checked back again. The food was terrible and dry, and my husband isn't even sure that what he was eating was even chicken. I have never in my life not left a tip (and also never leave less than 20%) but this time I couldn't even bring myself to leave anything, and I repeat, I have NEVER in my life done that. I also have never left a review for a restaurant before but felt I should in this case. I too was interested in finding a great Indian place to eat, but this place is truly terrible.
Worst service and food ever! Waiter never even said hello. The first we saw of him was when he came out of the bathroom, he finished zipping his zipper at the table as he said, "are you ready to order?" After taking our order he never checked back again. The food was terrible and dry, and my husband isn't even sure that what he was eating was even chicken. I have never in my life not left a tip (and also never leave less than 20%) but this time I couldn't even bring myself to leave anything, and I repeat, I have NEVER in my life done that. I also have never left a review for a restaurant before but felt I should in this case. I too was interested in finding a great Indian place to eat, but this place is truly terrible.
The new location tops off the review at five stars. Now moved closer to I-75 so now very easy to stop in on my Orlando - Gainesville commutes and so worth it. The lamb is the only thing I can speak for because it's the only thing I ever get. The Rogan Josh is a regular with a nice garlic flavor to the tender lamb. The dish I crave and hope everyone would try is the LAMB SAAG, spinach curry.  Amazing! Simply the beat Indian dish I've ever had. Decor is nice, prices reasonable-high, service good. Try a kingfisher!
Love at first bite. Everything was absolutely delicious - tasted fresh and perfectly spiced. We had - veggie samosa - taiga ( they spell it rayta) and naan - chicken korma - aloo gobi I wish they were in DC!!! Really close to 75 so an easy place to stop on the north/south route.
I had heard good things--outstanding things, even--about Amrit Palace from friends for years now but somehow I had never gone there before last night. My friends and I were coming home from a day at the springs in the Ocala National Forest and before getting back on I-75, Amrit was a good choice for dinner. Though somewhat under-dressed perhaps, we were warmly welcomed and found the interior to be very nice and comfortable if not exceptional or unique: pretty much a generic, somewhat large, restaurant with some Indian touches and it looked as if it had been renovated within probably the past decade--possibly the past five years. I once had a room-mate who was from India, so while I won't say I'm a true expert on Indian food, I know a fair amount about it and cook it at home some. Neither of my friends were that familiar with Indian cooking so I helped them navigate the menu and we all got dishes that we found exciting with my friend Justin getting a tandoori chicken dish, Peter a vegetable set-price dinner, and I a lamb curry. As with most Indian restaurants, you get a small amount of rice with your meal, but naan has to be ordered by itself if you want it. Peter's dinner, for around $20 or slightly less, came with a soup, a mini-lassi (which was adorable but not enough to drink at all), samosas, two vegetable curries, rice, and naan. This was a whale of a deal: it was far more than he could eat and while some items like the soup were very small portions, the ability to sample all these treats would have cost about $10 more if ordered off the regular menu. I would recommend at least considering going this route, and they also offer this type deal for the curries and tandoori dishes--at least for the chicken ones. My lamb was very tasty but a bit small a portion. I had not ordered naan, either, which was a mistake as I missed having it. I did however order a mango lassi which was very good. I also ordered some Indian mixed pickle (Justin kindly gave me some naan he'd ordered to eat the pickle with) and it was ok but no better than standard pickle in a jar you can buy at any Indian grocery. I've had Indian pickle of higher quality at a restaurant in Athens, Georgia, though most (even very good) Indian restaurants offer pickle of this middle-of-the-road quality. (If you're wondering what the big deal is about, I'm such a fan of this unique, bitter, sour, hot, citrus-based Indian condiment that I actually keep a couple jars at home because I love it so much.) Overall, very good food. Slightly small portions except the set-price dinner Peter ordered, though. One waiter was somewhat rude, though the waitress was very nice. By "rude" I mean when Justin asked him questions about the menu he gave very flat responses such as when Justin asked, "is that curry, if I order it 'hot', going to be very hot or slightly hot, what would you say?" the Rude Waiter responded "eh hot". Ok, that helps a lot. And it was more how he said it than what he said (or failed to say). For as good as everything was, I just feel the staff could have been more welcoming in this regard. That aside, this is probably the best Indian food I've had yet in Florida though I've not tried the one on Woodlands in Orlando, which I hear is superb.
We stopped here for lunch while driving from Charleston, SC to Naples, FL. We had wonderful service and a really great experience. From the moment we walked in the door, we were greeted by the wonderful aroma of indian cooking, and friendly, attentive service from the staff. We started with the Amrit Palace Indian Special appetizer sampler platter containing  Vegetable Samosa, Meat Samosa, Bhujia, Aloo Pakora, Chooza Pakora, ' Cheese Pakora, and Papadam. My only complaint is that we didn't get the tamarind sauce I'm used to accompanying these appetizers, so they were a little dry. For my entree, I ordered the chicken shahi saag, which I was very pleased with. It was quite flavorful and delicious, and was some of the best chicken saag I've had in a while. Ben ordered the chicken tikka masala, which he raved over. I stole a bite and I have to say it was quite delicious. If you like tikka masala, you definitely won't be disappointed. We also split an order of garlic nan, which was delicious. Overall, we had an awesome experience and we will definitely go back next time we find ourselves in the area.
Really happy with this place.  I love Indian food and am always skeptical when trying a new place since Indian restaurants are often plagued with mediocre food backed up by awful service.  Amrit Palace does NOT suffer from either of these problems.  Food was 100% delicious, prices were reasonable and service was attentive and friendly.  Definitely worth stopping by here if you crave some Indian deliciousness.
I used to eat at their previous little tiny location and though the service was not the friendiest (though excellent) the food was FANTASTIC. I was thrilled to eat at the new location and loved the decor and the new staff (much friendlier) and OMG the food is just as amazing if not better. I love the Tandoori Chicken, the lamb biryani, all the vegetarian dishes, the curries, papadums and the samosas are exquisite. The naan and kulcha are incredible. Also try the roti - it is to die for.
Went there this Mother's Day, 2011 with my folks (drove over from Homosassa, FL.)  Nice & clean...probably the cleanest Indian Restaurant I've ever been too! Food was expensive for the amount served.  We enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Butter Chicken, and the Saag Aloo (potatoes in spinach curry.)  All were ordered mild.  Had some garlic Naan with that too.  All fresh tasting, and well prepared, but again, the amount served up was less than expected. One sour note:  The pappadom ordered was also small, and the onion chutney served with the pappadom tasted like ketchup with onion flakes in it. 3 Stars.
I had eaten at Amrit's a couple of times at their old hole in the wall location, and was never impressed.... The caliber of their food was sub-par at best and the service , even worse. Since moving own the road to an awesome location/ building with good ambiance I have become a fan. The food has improved.. and so has the service ! Wish they had a lunch buffet !
Indian food has always intrigued me and I am so glad I gave this restaurant the time.  What a wonderful meal.  Went with 4 other friends and we ordered a variety of dishes.  All of them were equally as good as the next.  The naan bread is a must have, as well as the chicken tikka masala.  So flavorful.   If you like Indian, look for this little gem at Exit 250.  You won't be sorry
Like all the dishes, especially the okra and panir masala.  The vegetarian plate was good.  All the dishes were well executed. The food was a bit spicy; our daughters normally like 'medium' and their initial reaction was "wow, this is spicy."  But it was reasonable.
My favorite Indian restaurant in Florida, excellent job. Tandoori chicken and Lamb vind. Great staff, service, chutney, naan. I usually don't like lamb but they made it perfect!
A great find I stopped in Ocala for the night and found Amrit a block from my hotel. I love Indian food so I though I would give it a try. The building and atmosphere were very pleasant. I ordered the Tandoori dinner which included a soup, and appetizer variety plate, the chicken with rice, bread and desert all for $20 and it was a great meal. All of the individual courses were excellent... very flavorful, portions were adequate (the nan was huge) and everything tasted fresh. This was a great Indian meal and I am happy I decided to stop.
Stopped in on Sunday after my daughter's graduation with a party of six. The meals were excellent, authentic Indian food. I sampled almost everyone's dish - the various curries, rices and naan breads were excellent. You can tell the preparation is careful and from the hands of experienced cooks. The owner and family members were very warm and welcoming - he even invited me into the kitchen to see how the naan is prepared - and it's prepared from freshly made ingredients in a large oven like one would see walking through an Indian village. Very cool - and the first time I've ever been invited back. Shows the pride they take in their establishment. Also, the restaurant is very clean, cozy, and ambient, with just the right lighting and atmosphere that resembles someone's living room. I recommend it.
