This was our first meal and Asian Pop.  We both had a bento box (shrimp teriyaki and snapper teriyaki).  The Rangoon were creamy and delicious as well as the shrimp and snapper.  Fresh watermelon was the fruit of the day.  The ginger dressing had a little citrus and was a complement to the salad.  This was also the first time we ever had a bento box and went away full.  Very good food and service was also helpful and attentive.  Plan to return often to try different meals.   Elaine Ocala, FL
According both to a friend who is in Ocala often and most of the Yelp reviews here, Asian Pop is supposed to be the best sushi in town. It seems people fawn over this place, but honestly, I don't know why. The interior is odd: it appears the owners really tried to make it attractive but it is somewhere between some very nice touches (a ceiling panel that changes colors, the sushi bar itself) and aspects that look as if they were just thrown together, such as the smaller tables and their chairs which appear to have been pulled out of a church basement--institutional and clumsy in appearance and not fitting for a restaurant desiring to aspire to high standards. The sushi itself was overall unremarkable. For one, my salmon nigiri and yellow tail roll both were tough--the cuts of fish were actually overly chewy and even tough. The eastern roll (I think it was call, much akin to a Mexican roll) was fine though. The spicy dumplings were very good, too, which brings us to another aspect: the waitstaff were obviously Chinese and the dumplings a typical Chinese, not Japanese, preparation. This is fine: it's a pan-asian fusion restaurant, but I'd like to see them perhaps step up the Chinese menu if that's where they have greater expertise. The sushi--especially the raw sushi--while perfectly safe to eat was just lower quality in taste. I felt in the cooked dishes we had there was an apparent confidence missing from the raw sushi. Perhaps we were there on an off day, but I doubt I'd go back. From the reviews I was expecting greatness and simply found it pretty lackluster instead.
Outstanding! The food was great but the service was even better! I will definately go back and would recommend this place to anyone!
Really good!! Visiting from Savannah and this place rocks!! Better then we've had in a long while! And 2 adults with beers for under $40! And we are stuffed. Yummmmm!
I'm giving this a 4 star rating as an average because I would give it 3 and the daughter says 5. She thought the sushi was fantastic,  better than Yamato's. I thought it was good and fresh but not the best ever, a step up from the Ocean Buffet but not quite as good as you might find in a swankier place. however the server was delightful. will definitely return with the princess...
Asian Pop has the best, largest, freshest and most reasonably priced sushi in Ocala. You must try the Singapore fried rice with white sauce. It is addicting!!! Also their pad Thai is unbelievable. Best I have ever had. Tom the owner/chef is very accommodating. Service is excellent especially if you get Tucker.
My wife and I love Yelp because it pointed us to Asain Pop. It was so well priced for lunch I kept waiting for the hidden cameras to pop out and say it was a joke. First of all, bottle beers for ONE DOLLAR and not just domestics. I had a Kiren itciban. Then your meal is 3 rolls, soup and salad for only 10.95. We were able to choose from 20 diffent rolls. The taste was fantastic. I wish they were in Orlando. Will definitely be back next time though Ocala.
It was absolutely delicious! The best sushi place in town and I've tried them all. Super nice service, food we ordered was fresh and perfectly cooked. Chicken hibachi and coconut shrimps to die for!  great prices! probably the only place with bento boxes stufffed so much that you're full and still have leftovers for aprox. 13 bucks!  Highly recomending!
The very friendly service of this staff really sets this place apart in addition to the really really tasty and fresh sushi. They have a great variety of unique and interesting rolls all very reasonably priced. The location was very convenient to the movie theater. The interior decorations are very sleek and modern. We very much enjoyed the food which was fantastic. The dumplings were incredibly tasty as was the Hip Hop roll. $1 beers are also a bonus! We arrived after 9 for dinner so unfortunately the  tempura ice cream was unavailable, but our server went through extraordinary effort to provide us with a dessert that we very much enjoyed. We ended up with the butter pecan ice cream which was a very impressive mound of ice cream, whipped cream, small marshmallows, banana chips and other goodies. We will definitely go back next time we are in Ocala.
In my opinion, the food was very average. I did not like the rice that they used for sushi, it was the wrong kind of rice. Our food took a little while to arrive and the service was average. However, the chicken undo I had ordered was pretty good. I will try this place again later possibly.
fantastic gem of a place! very fresh, tasty sushi. Normally you can not find a bento box with sushi, but I did have one here! Spring rolls were delicious as was everything else. Nice clean very tranquil atmosphere! Can't wait to go again!
First time here.  Stopped in while returning home from Orlando.  Picked the restaurant based on Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed at all.  Ordered a Y2K roll which is a meal (no skimpy sushi roll here). Wife got the chicken tempura bento which came with squash, yam & taro as the tempura veggies which were delicious.  Salad was all fresh & ginger dressing was so good I almost licked the bowl.  Miso soup had fresh green onions.  Spring rolls came with Thai chilli sauce & were cooked perfectly (not doughy, not burned).  Cheese ran goons were fresh and crispy.  Service was charming and attentive.  The ambient music was pleasant enough & at a reasonable volume.  Both interior & exterior were clean, we'll lit & in good condition.  Staff interaction with each other was positive/professional.  I will eat here the next time I'm in Ocala.
My new favorite Sushi place in town ... right next to the movie theater!!  Great sushi and sashimi ... super fresh... priced right ($1 any beer on the menu all day!)  They also have a full menu of hot dishes and apps (the dumplings are great!)
Pleasantly surprised about the level of deliciousness!
Really great food! The sushi and the noodles are awesome! The calamari and dumplings are really good too. The service was descent. The desserts were good except that they sprinkle trail mix on them, which is weird. Overall it's a great place to stop and eat if you're passing through Ocala or live there.
This was my first time here, and i gotta say... it was amazing! it wasn't crowded, it was clean, our waitress was a sweetheart, and the food was fresh and was on the table within a few minutes of ordering. The best dish i tried there was the peppered tuna appetizer, i highly recommend it, it was to die for. my mouth is watering just thinking about it lol the staff was very friendly and after we finished our food and paid, we sat at one of the tables outside to have a cigarette and the waitress came out with an ashtray and offered us a glass of water. i thought the gesture was really nice. hands down, Asian Pop is my new favorite sushi place.
Bento box chicken or shrimp is extraordinary. Great for lunch or dinner. Not to miss!
delicious food. friendly faces, price was a bargain! rolls were huge. fish was fresh and fantastic. best sushi in ocala
I have been back several times since my first visit and it just keeps getting better and better. The lobster roll is my new favorite sushi. It is beautiful and delicious. Szechuan dumplings are still sweet spicy succulent goodness. Also I have had the beef hibachi lunch. Only $7.50! Juicy steak, cooked medium, perfectly crisp grilled veggies, white rice. Delicious. The service is always good. Place is clean and classy.
We love Asian Pop! When it first opened, we tried the hot menu and were pleasantly surprised with how delicious everything tasted (especially the noodles, fish, and fried rice). Then once they added the sushi menu, we were sold! This is truly some of the best sushi in Ocala -- everything is super fresh and extremely well-priced (you can't beat their sushi lunch special). The staff is very kind and welcoming and helpful in answering questions or taking special requests. Whenever we can't figure out what we want to eat, we always come here by default and are NEVER disappointed.
Love this place and service. Their food delicious and good prices. I will come that place again!
my new favorite sushi place
