I agree with all other reviews  great food and superb service!!!!!    I will definitely be back.  Their lunch specials are perfect with large portions.
This was my first experience with Cuban food. I found the staff very friendly, I told hem I knew nothing about Cuban food and they told me all about the selection they had of meats and sides and friend plantains. The helpings were very generous. I ordered the chicken with rice and black beans and side of friend plantains. The chicken was soft and seasoned well. A little greasy but it's fried chicken... Overall the experience was good the atmosphere inside was very inviting. It's a small locally owned restaurant with a community. It had a very mom and pop feel, great for a casual lunch or new experience.
Stopped in for lunch in our way through to Tampa and loved everything! My husband said the Cuban was the best he's had, and I had the mind-blowing ropa vieja and yellow rice. The owners were so nice- our 9 yo sampled everything before she ordered, and they gave our toddlers cute kids silverware :)
The best Cuban food with a smile in Ocala. Always willing to go above and beyond to please customers.
Had the mojo pork plate, wasn't the best but good. All the food was good and the service is above and beyond.
Authentic Cuban food just like you'll get at the great Miami cafes.  This is probably my favorite lunch spot near downtown Ocala.  Cafe Havana is in a small, new strip mall on the SE corner of Magnolia and NE 10th Street (a few blocks north of The Square).  It has a small, indoor dining area of  about half a dozen tables with very comfortable chairs.   You can tell by the personal service, good cooking, & cleanliness that this husband & wife team really care.  Small menu of platters, sandwiches & sides, yet large enough to give you enough choice to make you happy.  I especially like the ropa vieja special or empanadas.  Great coffees, roast pork, beef, chicken, fish, empanadas & flan.  Sandwiches & platters are very reasonably priced for the quality (about $7-8, plus your drink).   You will be pleased you ate there or ordered something as takeout.  Open 7 am - 4 pm, M-F.  Saturday 8 am - 3 pm.
Very good cuban food, large portions, I've eaten lunch here 10 or so times. It's run by a very friendly family and overall they want to make sure your happy. Try the pork ropa vieja with an iron soda :)
I soon as you come in, you'll see that this place is very friendly. I came only for a cuban espresso and ended leaving with a Cuban sandwich and a guanabana milkshake, which all of them were fantastic. There was a daily menu, but I didn't get any, but all the food looked very delicious. This place was recommend by all the locals, now I only wish I lived closer so I can eat here more often.
This place is amazing! We found it on Yelp and thought we'd give it a try due to the 5 star rating. The food was excellent! Large portions and very friendly service for a fair price. We left feeling very satisfied. I highly recommend Cafe Havana to anyone looking for authentic Cuban food or a tasty change from the ordinary.
Found this place after quick search on Yelp after seeing an article in Ocala magazine while visiting family. Living in the Tampa Bay area we have a fondness of Cuban food, and we were not disappointed. Lunch included roast pork, yellow rice, plantains and red beans. The roast pork was excellent with just the right seasoning. The yellow rice was also very good, and served in large portions. Plantains were sweet and cooked just right. The red beans were ok, the only item that was just average. My wife had the black beans and said they were a bit thin too.  Nice atmosphere for cuban lunch place. Saw many locals coming in for cafe con leche which we may try one to go. Next time in Ocala I may try breakfast, one of my favorites back in Tampa for Cuban.
Unreal.  Delicious.  Lunch special w roast pork and black beans...amazing.  Real big portions.
I would say 4 1/2 because its really good, however the bread needs some inprovement, but I recommend going here!
We stopped by Cafe Havana after seeing it was along the route we were traveling, and boy, were we glad we did. A beef empanada, a Cuban sandwich with a side of fries, and one Cuban espresso that tasted like coffee candy...YUM! Great food with wonderful service and well worth the trip.
I've never had Cuban food before and told them so.  He set me up with a tasting of several things. I still don't know what they all were but all were delicious and very fresh. It would be accurate to describe it as a "hole in the wall", but it's a hole you want to be in.  5 stars!
The beef empanadas are melt in your mouth delicious. The crust is crunchy yet flakey and the sauce you get to eat with them is a must. The people there are nice and hand out free small samples sometimes. Even though the place is a bit small the atmosphere is comfortable.
