This place cooks REAL Thai food. It tastes exactly like how it does back home. (Yes, I am Thai.) They really pay attention to every single ingredients on all of the dishes, not leaving anything out thinking no one would know (like some other Thai restaurant.)
There was a wait and when we were seated I noticed that the upholstery was worn a bit dinge.  I ordered a duck dish and it was rather spicy and the spring rolls were over cooked and greasy.  I was rather disappointed, and the lo mien was cold when it got to our table.  I was not impressed with the food at all.
I have never had a bad experience at this restaurant.  The staff are excellent and even remembered us on our second visit.   The place is quaint and feels warm and welcoming.  The food has always been quite good.  The crab rangoons were quite good but seemed to have a bit too much nutmeg or some spice that I can't quite identify.  My husband had the shrimp fried rice that was really good.  I had the chicken green curry.  It was quite tasty as well.
Long time customers, no matter what they call it now. The prices increased, but the quality of the dinner meals have declined and sadly, the service has as well...  Dinner meal was Amazing Beef. Trust me, it's not.
Coming from the Sarasota area, I must say I was surprised at a restaurant in a strip mall.  The spring rolls were a little over done, but still tasty.  When I go to a new Thai restaurant, I usually start with pad tai or drunken noodles.  If these basics are good, then I'll go back and try different items. The wait staff was attentive, and the food was very good.  We plan to return and try some of our other favorites.  Will do an update after the next few visits.
Don't let the location of this restaurant (in a little strip mall) dissuade you from trying some of their fantastic menu items. The menu is more geared towards Thai food than Chinese, but there were plenty of options to choose from if you don't care for Thai cuisine.  Once you enter, the interior is decorated with beautiful Asian art objects, and they have very cozy booths with beautiful cushions for a nice ambiance. The steam dumplings are very tasty, as well as the chicken curry and the shrimp with baby corn. The Thai egg roll and soup that came with the entrees were delicious as well. The service was very friendly and accommodating making for an overall great place for lunch.
This place is such a pleasant oasis in the small town of Ocala to sample some foreign cuisine!    In fact I would say this restaurant could stand on its own even in larger cities around the country.   The attention to detail for the interior decoration is impressive- even down to the plates that come in various hand painted shapes like fish!    Lots of carvings and pictures on the walls.  The booths have an authentic feel - these aren't Subway benches! The menu doesn't appear to be published at their website, but whatever I ordered tasted great :)  I also had a Thai iced tea, and the fried dough for dessert with sweetened condensed milk as a dip was heavenly!  Service was excellent.  I would definitely recommend Royal Orchid.
Excellent food and good service. This was an unexpected delight on our way home in Virginia. The appetizer soup was a treat with our lunch and our entrees were much better than we would have expected. The decor reminded us of Thailand as well.
If you enjoy Authentic Thai Food this is the spot!! On to my story... Drove my wife from Gainesville all the way down to Ocala one Saturday night because she was craving for Thai food. I have been living in Gainesville for the pass 3 years and the food here are terrible. I don't want to be mean, but it's true.  Coming from California I have very high expectation in food period. Anyhow, my wife wanted to give this place a shot because it had such high rating on Yelp. We stepped in was greeted by a friendly Asian host with a little accent. I knew right away she was Thai and this spot might be it for us!! So we ordered couple of dishes, green curry, stuff chicken wings, beef pad thai & chicken fried rice. All of em was pretty damn good and u can diff taste the authenticity from all the dishes. I am diff coming back and diff telling all my friends to come here. This place is legit, if you're reading this You need to go there!! One last thing, try there fried banana with coco nut ice cream!! It's like having a orgasm in the mouth to end your night!! lol.
Good portions of food and nice service.  The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the soup.  It's not family style with the hot pot of soup with fire underneath.  It's served individually, which they charge $3-4 for a little cup.   The food is tasty and I really enjoy their veggie dishes there.
Overlooking the slightly poor service in favor of fresh ingredients and good flavors. I had the Tom Yum Shrimp soup and ginger chicken. Good meal, acceptable prices. I'd come back.
I have lived in Ocala my entire life there are several Thai places in the area. Been to them all. Royal Orchid is by far the best! Between the atmosphere friendly service. (even thought their English is limited) & the great food! I always get the Chicken Pad Thai. It's nice to go their for lunch, your meal comes with soup & eggs rolls & then for dessert Thai donuts. Yummm..
Very good! Be warned (so u don't freak out if u can't find this place by this name) they JUST changed their name to _________ Orchid (sorry i can't remember, only saw it once) but the time i went there 2 wks ago, they had also changed their signage out front. You will love the food. Our fave is the Garlic Beef, with a side of Pork Fried Rice w/extra egg......and i pour the sauce from the beef onto the rice, so it stays awesomely moist and yummy! I miss this place already! Its so good, we had it as our last meal in Ocala, the night before the movers came!
My cousin and I went here for our New Year's Eve dinner and we were mighty impressed. Impressed that there was an actual Thai restaurant in Ocala, that the decor wasn't over the top cheesy and that the food was tasty and served in a timely fashion. I particularly respect the fact that they have a macrobiotic menu. So cool. I'm not sure why this is, but I'll take it. If you're interested in learning about the macrobiotic diet - which is more an approach to life, rather than a diet - check it out on Wikipedia: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma…
I have never been to Thailand or eaten in a Thai friend's home, but Royal Orchid is excellent no matter what the pedigree. The chicken curry was in a delicious coconut milk sauce and my husband's Siam chicken with fresh chiles was extra spicy as ordered. The Phuket Thai beer was excellent a surprise find. It recently won a top award in Brussels (see Wikipedia on Thai beer companies).
Wife and I went for lunch on a Friday, our first trip here.  Located in a strip mall across from the big Paddock mall on SR-200, this place is beautifully decorated with attractive paneling and Thai artifacts on the walls, comfy booths and generally delightful ambiance.  The service was prompt and pleasant. We ordered from the lunch menu.  I had Padang Chicken, which was in a peanut sauce with squash and peppers.  All the lunch dishes (except the noodle bowls) include rice, an appetizer (that day a veggie egg roll) and a soup.  All the dishes were quite authentic tasting, with very fresh ingredients and well seasoned.  The egg rolls were tender and crisp but not greasy at all. My wife had the chili and black pepper squid.  The squid was perfect, tender and tasty.  She ordered medium-hot, and I would say that was probably closer to medium, but one doesn't want to push the envelope on the first visit. Possibly the only quibble one might have about the place is that the portions of the entree were slightly small - just enough for lunch but no more, if I got the same size serving for dinner I might feel cheated. If this restaurant was located in a major metropolitan area, I would probably only give it four stars, but for a small, semi-urban city like Ocala it is an easy five. Go, enjoy!
I have Not had better thai in florida. Great service. Great food. Good portion sizes. Inexpensive   What more can you ask for?  I'm here on business and have eaten there 3 times in 2 weeks. It's fresh, clean, and healthy. Get ya some thai!
Stepping into this restaurant is like being teleported to a restaurant in Thailand, or at least what you would imagine a restaurant in Thailand looking like. It's clear that a lot of attention was paid to the interior decor, and wonderful wooden paneling, which seems to have been hand-carved. WHAT WE ORDERED:  the tofu massaman curry and tofu pad see ew (even though the latter wasn't on the menu). The massaman curry was good but not at all spicy. I wish I wouldn't have ordered it mild to medium, but medium to spicy since I wanted some kick to it. The curry portions were generous, but the rice portions were small, and we had to get a second order of rice to go with the curry. The pad see ew was good, but not the best we've ever had. I guess there's a reason why they don't have it on the menu. We probably would've been better off ordering the pad thai since somebody else at our table got it and it looked scrumptious. For dessert we had the thai doughnuts with a condensed milk and peanut sauce. What an excellent, unique dish. The doughnuts were our favorite part of the meal, since he had never had anything like them (see the picture we posted). OVERALL: Authentic thai food at great prices. Try the fried thai doughnuts for dessert!
My girlfriend and I were in Ocala for the Ocala Marathon and needed some food after the race. I saw Royal Orchid on the map and we gave it a shot. We were blown away! The atmosphere was wonderful. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, the music provided a lovely background, and the chimes on the front door just added to it when people came in. Their booths have pillows to cushion you so I highly recommend sitting in a booth when you go. The servers never let your glass get less than halfway down and were incredibly friendly. They all worked together nicely to make sure you had a great experience. We had their salad, egg rolls, and fried rice and it was all excellent. The portions were generous so we split these and the price was amazing for what we got. I highly recommend stopping by if you're in the area.
I've definitely had worse but this was bad. Spring rolls were chewy as jerky, crab rangoon was atrocious, everything was just bad
Still very very good if not quite exceptional nor innovative. Is it where Sea Thai (in Orlando) is? No. But for Ocala, it's a gem. The atmosphere is romantic, evocative of old Siam, and despite being in a small space in a strip mall doesn't feel crowded in the least. The service can be slightly slow, but overall fine and the menu is decently extensive. The food is overall very good: on my most recent visit I had the Gai Pad Bai and also their steamed shrimp dumplings, which are prepared much like shu-mai but are larger than most shu-mai at Japanese restaurants. These dumplings were great and the sauce that came along with them was even better. The Gai Pad Bai was pretty good though not spicy enough nor was I asked how hot I wanted it. I should have asked for a side of spices--as I had on another visit here--but didn't. The cut of chicken used wasn't the best but wasn't bad, either. For about $10 it was hard to complain about its quality overall. The atmosphere and food combined--the whole experience--overall certainly garner a solid four stars.
My wife and have vacationed in Thailand twice and eat and cook Thai frequently. Asian food is our overall cuisine preference. We ate here twice during our stay in Silver Springs.  We ate lunch once and dinner once. Both of us agree that Thai Orchid is very good. They offered a dinner set option which we took. For lunch , they offered a lunch special. Portions were excellent, dishes tasted great, nicely spiced. If you ask for medium spice, you won't be disappointed. They know how to spice food!  All in all , if Ocala was home, we would be regulars. I don't think you can go wrong. Oh, service was good and ambience was appropriate.
Thai Ruby...now known as Royal Orchid, is very good.  I MUST get the shrimp bean thread (I think they have since changed the name on the menu, but it's still the same dish), as it is too good!  Lots of different veggies, delicious brown sauce, and nice big shrimp.  The sampler for two is really good also.  We have been going in since they first opened as Thai Ruby.  I will say though, I don't think the quality is as good as when it first opened...but still very good.
Pretty darn good, especially for the area. The pad thai is particularly excellent.
Service was terrific, the staff was hustling but friendly. But the food was really rather weak. I do realize that in Ocala you need to offer fare that suits the local palette, but we found little in the way of authentic flavor profiles.
I've eaten Thai food pretty much my whole life. I've also been to Thailand. So I know GOOD Thai food when I see it. Royal Orchid is one of the best Thai places my parents and I have found near us. That's including Orlando and Tampa area. The food here is excellent and the people there are always so nice. The summer rolls are really good. Everything on their menu is really really good!
We stopped by after reading the reviews on a roadtrip home from Naples to Birmingham. Service was quick and the lunch menu was simple and reasonably priced. The lunch entree come with spring rolls and the soup of the day. After serving all the food they serve fried sweet biscuits with caramel and peanut sauce. Yum!
Positively Panangtastic!
This was one of our favorite restaurants but the last time we were there was nearly a year ago.  Today our appetizer and pre-entree roll with soup were good but the entrees were less than mediocre.  Beef pad-thai tasted soured and the beef garlic with vegetables tasted like low quality Chinese buffet food.  The service was good.
Wonderful little restaurnat nestled off of I 75 on the way to Gainesville from Ocala.  What a tasty little treat with great soup and a selection of vegetarian and other foods.  My Mother in Law ordered the soft shell crab which was to her liking.  I stuff with tofu.  Great prices and staff.
Good. Been there a couple of times. Not the best I've tasted but it's not bad either.
Very good food. Bring out the food nice and hot. My favorite plate is the Ginger Chicken. Thai Ice-Tea has a nice and different taste. Quiet place with excellent service.
This is a great place for lunch in Ocala. Well I've only eaten here for lunch so I can't say how it is for dinner. Well the place always has a good sized lunch crowd but I've never had trouble getting a table. For the $7-$9 lunch dish you really get more than what you paid for. You'll get soup, salad, your main course, and a small dessert. You would expect a four course meal to take quite a bit of time, but don't worry you will not go over your thirty minute lunch break in this place. Food will be on your table within five minutes of ordering. You'll be out the door in twenty.
Very good food, modest prices, and you will not leave hungry. The service is hard to understand, but the quality of the food makes up for whatever is lost in translation. I would recommend the lunch specials!
Great gem in Ocala! The food was spot on... And a great value! I had the Panang Chicken... Delicious! I highly recommend Royal Orchid!
This place is truly an Ocala gem. I love all the authentic decorations from Thailand, and the food it the best thai food in Ocala. The veggies and meats are so much more fresh than the other places in Ocala; you can tell the food is fresh and never frozen, I love this place! Highly suggest it.
Royal Orchid was the reason I have grown so fond of South-Asian Cuisine. Coming from India where most of the South-Asian Cuisines are modified to suit the Indian palette, my long journey in America to find that taste resulted in greasy all-you-can-eat Chinese buffets and distress. Finally I decided to sample Thai and ended up in Royal Orchid for lunch. I ordered their lunch special and waited patiently as the pleasant staff scurried around in their fancy uniforms and greeted every customer with a smile. The soup and spring rolls are good and now I always order the condiment taste to notch the flavors up a wee bit. The main course was Chicken Basil served with nice and some fancy edible decorations (not the Orchid though!) I enjoyed my food thoroughly and ate every morsel of the plate. I have tried most of their Meat entrees and they are amazing. The spice level is alright and I guess if you asked for Thai hot, you could get hotter. An endearing restaurant that has stayed open through these hard times is a testament to the fact -'Serve good food and people will come back, time and time again!'
Unassuming location on 200 in Ocala. Walk in and you are in Thailand. Beautifully decorated with waitresses in traditional dresses. Fast cordial service and a fantastic Panang Chicken.  My wife had the Pad Thai also excellent. Total for two meals was $22.
Beautifully decorated, peaceful atmosphere, very sweet servers, good service.  Food was delicious. I had the curry Chicken. It came with white rice, an eggroll, and a delicious soup. Very nice place. Will definitely be back.
Amazing food!  Grouper and jumbo shrimp in garlic sauce was phenomenal!  Wife had a chicken curry which was wonderfully flavored, and son had shrimp fried rice which also was incredible.  Thai eggrolls and mussels basil to start, and cocanut icecream with bannana coins for dessert!!  All exquisite on the taste buds.  Service was good, and decor was very nice.  Best in a long time!
Stopped in yesterday and had the Beef Pad Thai.  Excellent and a good value, as it included an egg roll, soup and dessert (Mini donuts with a sauce that was excellent as well!). The service was a bit slow, but it was peak lunch hour.
My favorite Thai place in Ocala.  The Amazing Shrimp was amazing (wish I could make that peanut sauce at home).  Just ask for no tails or you will be sticking your fingers in your food.  The lunch special comes with soup and dessert donuts and is less than $10.
Yummy! Never disappointed in Royal Orchid. Whenever I have that itching Thai craving, this place always hits the spot with me. The atmosphere is beautiful and quiet, adorned with handcarved wood and antique Thai paraphernalia. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The appetizers are exotic and the menu offers a wide variety, and even a section for health fooders and vegetarians. My recommendation? Order a Thai tea, an appetizer sampler, a tom yum soup, and a curry dish for a filling, wonderful meal. Hefty portions are served and I always find myself returning home with a heavy takeout box for lunch the next day. The music is of tinkering, melodious Asian string instruments, and every aspect of it gives me the full Thai experience. I'm surprised to walk outside and find myself in plain old Ocala! Even if you're not too keen on Asian foods, definitely try a dinner at Royal Orchid sometime in your life.
