I've had Mediterranean food in India, and I must say the gyros here are as good if not better. If you are looking for an authentic experience look no further. It's great for lunch, the gyros are healthy just pita meat and vegetables. It makes a tasty nutritious lunch and it's priced just right. Although they have fries with the meal u can choose rice and veggies for. Healthier option. The store is family owned and it's very quite every time I have been there. I would recommend getting take out, gyros do get soggy though so do t wait too long to eat.
You have to accept the limitations of Ocala and expect that probably most people have never had a decent gyro or shawarma before. But I have and found this food to be underwhelming and disappointing. There were two of us so we wanted to try a variety of items from the menu, the combination appetizer (baba ghanoush, hummus, falafel and dolmades), the spanakopita platter, the chicken shawarma platter and the fattoush (salad). First the appetizers: the hummus was tasteless, no flavor at all, like beige wallpaper paste. The baba ghanoush was overpowering with garlic. Neither were enjoyable. The tzatziki (which came with the shawarma and the spanakopita) was the only really tasty dip offered here. It was fantastic. In fact i don't know how they could make such a delicious tzatziki and such tasteless hummus. The falafel - oh my - not good. I don't think they were homemade. They looked like they were made by a press or a machine of some kind because they had this weird indentation in the bottom of them. They were deep fried into dry little dome-shaped hockey pucks. When I say dry, i mean DRYYYYYYY like "sand through the hourglass" dry. Fortunately some of the oil from the dolmades (obviously not fresh made) leeched onto them but it did nothing to help. Not even the tasteless hummus or tzatziki could save these deep fried briquettes (and I do mean bricks). The wee little salad served with the chicken platter was nice but over-dressed and swimming in oil. The shawarma? first you have to imagine two cups of white rice below ten tiny cubes of chicken breast. There was less than a half cup of chicken shawarma on top of two cups of rice. For a moment I thought I was getting Chinese take-out but then recalled that even they do not  give you that much rice. i mean wow, what's the deal with the rice? Was I supposed to feel like I got a great deal for $8.99 and less than a half cup (I measured) of chicken on a pile of plain rice? Um, no. I do';t see the correlation first of all, my shawarma has usually come with pita bread or potatoes - not all that white rice. Even ubiquitous french fries would have been more welcome (and at least edible which two cups of plain rice with nary a lick of sauce in site is not). The chicken shawarma was even more dry than the falafel. it was so dry my cat didn't even want any. It was completely inedible. I never had shawarma that dry before. It was shawarma jerky. The spanakopita was awful, it was a solid crust on one side and practically oily raw on the other. It also managed to be completely dry. I felt like Lawrence of Arabia in the desert for twenty years. Finally the fattoush - one of my favorite salads ever. I have had it many places where it was stunning (San Francisco and LA) and even made it at home on several occasions. Except for the excess of oily dressing the fattoush was terrific. Yay! $35 total spent to get a nice salad! Incidentally the dude at the place said his food was so good we would not be driving all the way to Gainesvile to Gyro's Plus or Falafel King any longer. I admire that kind of confidence but you've got to have the smack to throw down my friend and Gyro Grill does not.
Awesome. I have been there 1/2 dozen times now - the Gyro is very excellent.  People I have had with me that have spent time over in  that part of the world say that this is the stuff they ar eused to from there.  I dont know abotuall that, but we went there today and all three of us were very full and happy!
Had high hopes for a simple take-out dinner of the Spanikopita platter, stuffed grape leaves, Gyro combo and Baklava dessert. First they brought out the food on plates when I had clearly said it was to go; then they forgot the Baklava; finally they left out the rice from the Spanikopita platter, and charged us for everything. The food was decent, nothing special, but this level of incompetence on a Wednesday evening when the place was empty is inexcusable.
Being of Lebanese herratige, I often times get a craving for the food, but it isn't so readily available where I live in South Florida. So hearing that they have a Lebanese/Greek restaurant here in Ocala made me more than a little bit stoked! They have a lot of the dishes I grew up on like Kibbeh, hummus, stuffed grape leaves, tabouli, etc.. But the real star here is the Gyro sandwiches. They are very good! And they make a real good Fattooush salad as well. I have eaten here several times since first discovering it and haven't been dissapointed yet. They are a bit pricey, but considering there is no other places like it, they can get away with it.
Very good food and nice family that runs it too, there gryos are fresh and taste great.
So far I have only tried the falafel and it was very good. It's a nice little place, typical for this type of restaurant. I only get food to go so I can't comment on sit down service.
5 stars? Really? Well it is a small town. The Gyro was okay, although the Pita was a bit hard. The Gyro I had was nowhere near 5 stars. Also, the man who helped me was very unfriendly. Sorry, maybe it is 5 stars in Slowcala but not a 5 star sandwich at all if you are used to good cuisine.
Great atmosphere, great prices, great food!
Best gyro and greek salad in area. Great for lunch. Didn't give it the 5 star rating because of the hard wooden bench booths.
Yes very good. I will go back. I had the Gyro combo and was very satisfied. Small seating area could only seat 20 people. Nice man at the counter when we ordered.
Best gyro's in town!  Meat is so soft and flavorful!  Very nice family also!
Loved it, will be back again soon ... maybe tonight.
Tasty gyros, friendly staffs
Good gyros, they used to be in the mall. They are the only place to get authentic Greek food in the area the dolma des are great
I love this place, as far as I am concerned the best Gyro Meat in town, the portions are excellent, and the price is great.  Truth be told I've only had the Gyros and the Falafel,  but they are both excellent, well seasoned and proportioned dishes.  For my money there is no place in town I'd rather go for a great Gyro Sandwich.
Great gyro's and the rest of the other food i've tried have been delicious!
Great Gyro Platter!
Huge gyro. Couldn't have tasted better. Inexpensive.
Only giving this place 4 stars because the male owner was not friendly at ALL. Luckily the food was really good! Got the chicken platter and everything had great flavor!
This is the best kept secret in town. The food is fresh, daily prepared, well seasoned, and authenic. It is, hands down, my favorite greek salad, comparing other, more popular, and/or expensive Greek/Middle Eastern restaurants around. I haven't asked, but I'm tasting in the dressing-- a good olive oil., lemon juice, maybe some kind of vinegar, fresh tasting herbs including the perfect touch of mint. It never fails to be worth the 45 min. drive we often make to get it. The Falafels are delicious, as is the well seasoned yogurt, and soft, airy, fresh pita. I always feel like I've come to a friend's home to eat. With all the chains and fast food stores we have been forced to live on, these small gems of goodness are really appreciated!! Thank you!
