From the outside you might not think your experience will be one to talk about but that will change once you walk in.  Greeted by a friendly face and seated in a very appealing pub style restaurant, you soon realize that your going to have a great experience. When the food was presented to our party we were pleasantly surprised.  The quality of the presentation and the food was fantastic. Our party had the braised lamb, pork medallions, roasted salmon, shepherds pie, and the prime rib. Everything was as fantastic as the other. Our server was very friendly and attentive.  We never wanted for anything. What a fantastic dinner.  We drove 45 minutes to get there and can't wait to go back again.
Great food had the chicken ribs and spare links with mash. LOVED IT. Moderately priced and ok tap selection.
Worst restaurant I have encountered in about five years.  I waited 15 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge me (she never did, and the place was not busy at all _ I was there today around 1:30 pm).  I finally walked out.  Never again will I patronize this place.  Last year, the same thing happened to me, though eventually someone did take my order, though it took about 25 minutes.  And the food was nasty beyond belief.  Greasy and cold.  Seems like a place where people just go to get drunk, not actually eat decent food.
Horse and Hound is a true Ocala gem. The Restaurant itself looks a little out of place - an old-style house attached to a strip mall. The interior is as cute as the exterior of the building, decorated just as the name would imply. I love the bar area - they even have stuffed foxes perching from shelves containing various foxhunt paraphernalia. The service here is great. Like the patrons, most of these ladies are horse people and love to talk shop and tell you about their horses or the happenings at local farms. The bar is a great place to sit. Start talking horses and you will make friends fast. And when some old man sits down, don't let those old boots and faded jeans fool you, he is probably the trainer or owner of some of the top racehorses in the US! But the bartender will still treat you just as well as she does him. She will also make you an amazing mint julep. I had one in honor of the Kentucky derby last visit and I am hooked. I have never had bad food at Horse and Hound. The soups are amazing, the prime rib some of the best I have ever had and their bar food is great after a long day. My favorite appetizer are their loaded crisps. Homemade potato chips covered in cheese, bacon and scallions. How can that not be good? My mother swears by their french dip sandwich. As wonderful as all their food is, I need to devote some time to the Horse and Hound Spinach salad. That salad is amazing! Fresh baby spinach with thick shreds of parmesan, bacon, scallions and sliced almonds. The dressing is amazing. I keep forgetting to ask if they sell bottles of it to go. It is a sweet green poppy seed that is absolutely amazing. The salad is good plain, with shrimp, with chicken or with beef. It would probably be good with shoe leather as long as it had that dressing on it. I very rarely save time for desert but I am sure it is amazing. What is this I hear about cookies? Since everything else is so good here I am also going to call for the return of these cookies...
The Horse & Hound on 27 is a small, classy place. The food was fairly good... We had steak. Nothing special about it. The new Horse & Hound on 40, by Lowes is way different... Bar 'n grill atmophere. The food was AWESOME! I would give the one on Rt 40 a full 5 stars. The bourbon salmon is fabulous!
I really like this place. Upscaleish and nicely decorated. Well worth the drive from Gainesville for a special occasion, probably 45 minute drive from south Gainesville. On the pricey side but I assure you it is worth it, the steaks I've had there all melted in my mouth. I recommend reservations - no one wants to drive that far only to sit and wait for a table. Had their Valentine's Couples Special last time I was there. The server forgot one of our sides, then forgot again when I asked about it. When she brought the bill I asked her to deduct the price of the sides. I was only joking but got the stink-eye - and no offer to even put the sides in a take-home bag! However prior, non-Valentine's Day experiences outweigh one poor server so I'm only docking them one star.
Lunch video: bit.ly/bti0Nf  Lunch with a friend last week at Horse & Hounds on Highway 27 was as I expected.... cooked as I requested and delicious. My friend had their Black and Blue Chicken, and I had a Cheeseburger. Service was great, and our food was served quickly. Haven't been to their new location on Highway 40 yet, but I hear it is just as good as the 'original.'
Went for lunch and everything was wonderful. Excellent service and great tasting food. Free Wifi! (Wrote this review using it). Would highly recommend and look forward to visiting again.
This restaurant has the best prime rib I have ever tasted.  It was tender and tasty.  The spinach salad with sliced almonds, bacon and mushrooms topped with the house special green poppie seed dressing was phenomenal. topping off the great food is the live music.  A must if in Ocala Florida
They don't do fresh cookies any more :( But I still like their food and service.  Philly cheese steak, reuben, and french dip all good... I wish their french fries had more crisp on them (wedges).   BRING BACK THE COOKIES! :D
Breeches accepted and maybe even encouraged..... Friendly staff, reasonable prices, solid food. Why are you still reading reviews? Just go already.
On our way to Orlando read reviews sounded like a good stop not far off I-75. Pulled in place packed great sign. It's $3.00 martini Monday. Got special 2 - prime ribs and 2 - sides $22.00 .good varied menu. It is very Loud. Service is very slow. The prime rib was just ok
Sloooow service for non-locals. People next to us got their food a good 10-15 minutes before us because they knew the employees here, even though they arrived here much later than us. Not sure if its because we were sat in the bar/lounge area or what, but this was probably the slowest service I've ever had anywhere. Also, the burger was a bit pricey compared to other pubs you could patron, but not terribly bad ($10.50). On the other hand, the prime rib sandwich was a decently large cut of prime rib for the price ($11), much less than the actual prime rib entree prices. However, I still gave this place 4 stars because both the prime rib sandwich and the burger with corned beef on top were DELICIOUS! I'm not exaggerating when I say that burger is the best burger I've ever had in my entire life, and my boyfriend concurs. We also got the loaded crisps after seeing the raving reviews on yelp, and they left nothing to be desired. All in all, a great, if not pricey and extremely slow, meal. P.S. The $3 Martinis on Mondays  are very strong. I was buzzed after just a third of one.
Three of us girls stopped in here on a Sunday at lunchtime for refueling.  This is a very attractive almost pub-like dining space.  Our server was very attentive bringing our beverages quickly.  Unfortunately on Sunday there is no lunch menu, we were given the dinner menu.  There are a few sandwiches on the back but all main entrees are only served in dinner portions, on Sundays. We each ordered the Horse and Hounds salad, two of us with salmon and shrimp for myself.  This salad contains baby spinach garnished with green onions, mushrooms, bacon crumbles, sliced almonds and parmesan cheese served with their famous poppy seed dressing.  The salmon and shrimp were perfectly cooked, not over cooked like most places.  The poppy dressing was far too sweet for me so I just squeezed lemon over it and it was perfect. There was no bread or crackers served, somewhat of a disappointment but maybe a reminder that I am cutting back on the 'white stuff''.
Poor service and the food was hit or miss. I had a burger which was only okay. I gave three stars because my husband's shepherds pie was delicious, and my dad's bangers and mash was very good too. This pub-style restaurant only had 3 draft beers, 2 of which were out. I probably won't be back to try anything else on the menu.
The service is awesome and the food even better. I had the shepherd's pie and it was the best I've ever eaten. The atmosphere us great also.  Reminds me of a pub we visited while in Ireland.
This place is a weekly staple in our routine. The bartender brings our drinks before we even sit down and is really a warm, fun atmosphere. I have as yet to have a bad experience here. Also, the fish and chips are about as authentic as you could get in Britain.
Always really good food and a comfy atmosphere. I loved sitting out on the deck outside and the interior design of the building with the large tower is very pretty. The bar is nice and has a wide variety of drinks. I hear, however have not been, that they have drink specials certain nights of the week. ------ this is for the Horse & Hounds Restaurant on S.S. Blvd. Ocala, FL
I love this place, the atmosphere, equestrians and service all make it great. The spinach salad is to die for,  Martini Mondays are great but get there early.  The ribeye is not the best I've ever had. Whenever I'm in Ocala, this is where I want to go!
German Reuben was filling, tasty but a big greasy.
Not a bad stop a little off the interstate for some prime rib. That being said we almost didn't make it in the restaurant! Upon parking in the lot we saw a very homely/scary looking guy smoking outside. My wife quickly told me that if this is the cook then we are leaving, and I agreed with her! I thought about all the positive yelp reviews then compared them to our fear of eating something that this guy cooked or even touched. There was a good 5 minute debate in the car of what to do and I promise I'm not making this up or over exaggerating!!! A few horror movies were going through my mind, but I opened the door and rounded up my crew. Unfortunately the guy was the cook or at least worked there, but the prime rib was OK, but not the best I've had by a long shot! The horseradish sauce made it 10x better though! OH and no more cookies for desert after meal as some reviews suggested!
Stumbled across this gem while toodling up Hwy 27, and stopped on a whim. Our server, Gwen, was extremely helpful, making some excellent suggestions, as we were having trouble deciding amongst all the intriguing menu items. We ended up ordering the fantastic fall-off-the-bones ribs, and the bangers and mash - both very tasty - and as delicious as promised. We also sprung for the spinach salad, with sliced almonds & shaved Parmesan cheese... and a very interesting house made dressing... that was green and GREAT tasting.
Mmm good, nice slow food. Mean green burger is great.
This establishment is something the wife and I look forward to dropping in every time we head north of Florida. It's close to I-75 and if your heading toward Tallahassee is the best detour to go through US 27. The service here is great, food always amazing. Had the prime rib sandwich for lunch and it was big and very tasty. The dollar drafts for lunch is perfect for the non-drivers to have a few. The dinner is great, with a awesome Shepard's pie, wings with their own H&H sauce. The escargot is also very good. You can't do wrong here and the atmosphere is great with the locals.
Great Irish style pub restaurant.  The Prime rib was great at the right price.  The Sticky Pudding is something you will tell others about.
We really enjoy the food at the Horse & Hound restaurant off of highway 27.  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is very comfortable and inviting.  They have a few local coupons you can normally take advantage of as well.
It is a nice gathering place for friends, but the food is average and WAY over priced for the quality. Mediocre pub food with some sore excuses of upscale steaks.  The only thing I absolutely love there is the loaded crisps appetizer.
Love to go each year when I'm at HITS.  Fun place, food is good 85% of the time.  ;-)
Maybe the beer is good. The bar was packed. Very much a pub. And their fish and chips aren't bad either. But the main entree meals were mediocre at best. Unless you like frozen vegetables. Spinach side salad was good, but pecan chicken deep fried with some type of sauce drizzled over it...
Just stopped in for lunch after a hot round of golf. The beer was cold and the food well prepared. It was only @ $40 for 4 of us and we had plenty to eat.
