Every city has that one pizza place that is your go to place. That one you just sometimes crave and just have to go to.  This is it for Ocala!  I love the garlic knots with the chunky garlic on top but the pizza is what I'm here for. Crispy crust, stringy melty cheese and perfectly balanced sauce. When I'm in Ocala DanZano's is a must!
While I was waiting at the hostess station, a young lady comes running from the back up to me and asks "what can I do for you, baby"? Baby? I was never in Dirty Dancing! I ordered an X Large pie topped w/spinach. The sauce was tasty and wasn't dominant, which is how it's supposed to be. The cheese tasted of a lower quality as it was extremely salty. The spinach ended up to be chopped spinach w/a 1/2 hand full sprinkled in the middle only. The bottom of the pie was good and it wasn't crisp nor was it soggy. But the crust was massive and so difficult to chew that it was inedible. It was also 16". The woman that assisted me was knowledgeable and courteous. Rugs were old and dirt. Now, the 2 major problems. Danzanos advertises their pies to be "gourmet pizzas". The available toppings are not gourmet as they are the same tired toppings you'd see at any pizza chain. So why in the world would they advertise it as gourmet? They also advertise their X Large pies at a special price. However they are not X Large as they are 16" which is the exact size of all standard Large pies. Again, very misleading. Current health inspection: 1-high, 2-intermediate & 3-basic violations.
When you live in a tourist area, as I do, it's very hard to find places like this.   I mean, the food might be the same, with slightly higher prices, but you will hardly ever find a friendly, helpful, dedicated server like Michelle- and people like her will only work where they are treated well.   There are lots of friendly waitresses, but I have found they cover incompetence or indifference with smiles.  Not Michelle, she's a pro. We were treated to the sight of her SPRINTING through the restaurant and out the door to give a customer his wallet.  She came back out of breath.  She greeted everyone who came in for takeout (and there were many!) like an old friend. My mom liked her so much she asked if she had a boyfriend!  (Of course she does!) Back to the food- the pizza was very good traditional east-coast pie, my stuffed chicken marsala was oily but very tasty, and mom's spinach lasagna was tasty and a HUGE portion. We will always remember that dinner, and isn't that what it's all about?
We Love everything about DanZano's, Ocala. Don't be fooled by it's strip mall location- fancy no - Authentic. From Real Bronx, NY Pizza to sensational Veal Marsala. You are guaranteed a great meal at affordable prices. Ask for Julia to be your waitperson. Marc & Kris from Ocala
Picked up a pie during our overnight stay in Ocala on our way to Disney. Basically every pizza joint claims that they have 'real NY' pizza so I'm always skeptical. This was the real deal! The best I've had since being in Manhattan a year ago. The sausage was sliced super thin which I prefer, sauce was minimal but stout and the crust was perfect. I was blown away by how inexpensive such a large pie was. The attitude, decor and general feel of the place made me want to stay.
Mojo's a couple of door's down has the buzz these days (and it is excellent) but don't overlook Danzano's. It's comfortable, less noisy and the food is really good.
I can say the pizza is just ok 3 star worthy, how ever I liked the inside so much it earned them a 4th star. The staff seemed friendly but they were a bit too quiet. I personally think you should great customers with a hello and a smile. :) My top choice for pizza is Loritos but they are expensive. $6 for a large pie on Mondays is a steal!.
It's a fairly small pizza dinner that has the option to eat-in. It's a very home-y environment and the server was very friendly. We ordered two pizzas and an antipasta salad. The food automatically came with some garlic knots--which were delicious, although the chef *was* a little heavy-handed with the garlic. The antipasta salad was HUGE and tasty--a lot more than we expected to get. The pizza was very good and are very big. The whole bill, for 5 people, ended up being only $30 and we even took plenty home. I'd recommend Danzano's for a nice place to eat in, or a cheap place to grab a pizza on the way home.
Been here twice now, had great experience both times. The server there is super friendly, but the ambience simply isn't there. It does not matter to me one bit, though. Because at the prices they charge, it'd be way too much to ask for that on top of the taste. Price is simply very attractive. Have a lot of different specials and coupons. Finally, the taste is very close to that of NY. Other than the slightly chewy-er and flour-y crust, it just doesn't get any better.
The Bronx Bomber Pizza is really, really good. Can't wait to try others on the menu. Highly recommend!
Order from Danzanos all the time especially for delivery. THe pizzas are excellent, the calzones are perfecto!!! The Bruschetta is one of my all time favorites. The delivery is generally very quick and polite and have never really had any issues with this independent italian place.
Great good. Good service. Definitely eat there again.
I started to go to Dan Zanos about a month ago.  They have always been very friendly.  The food is delicious, I especially like the pizzas.  Monday they have a running deal for an extra large pizza. My boyfriend who does not even like pizza enjoys Monday nights
i order delivery from them all of the time, they are good the specials are a good deal and it gets here fast
