Amazing food and atmosphere. Best German food this side of the pond and 100% authentic from top to bottom. Beer in steins and music videos where everyone is dressed like Springsteen and clapping. Go once and you'll be hooked.
We gave this place a try after all the Yelp reviews. The decor is appropriately festive for the only German restaurant for miles, but the place seemed a little tired. The restaurant was less than half full, but our waitress was only half engaged during our interactions. It was your typical German fare, but I thought the prices were exorbitant for the quality and freshness of the ingredients. At $17 a plate, it better be amazing, but I don't think we'll be coming back; I've definitely had better authentic German food. I'm sure this place is fun during Oktoberfest.  Other notes: The 2L Das Boot is available for $17. We felt comfortable bringing our young children.
Great authentic German food!   The potatoes in the pancakes were shredded, with onions, and they were not too greasy.   The schnitzel was pounded thin, with not too much breading.  I prefer my spaetzel without gravy, but otherwise the sides were good.  The portions were nicely sized, the beers were huge, and the service was wonderful.  We took a piece of black forest cherry cake to go and had it the next day.  It was authentic, not too sweet, including the icing.  I'll definitely be back!
I just love this place. The food, service as well as prices are good. The food is authentic German cuisine. Being of German heritage I grew up on this stuff. I always return for the rotkraut or purple cabbage. Petra our waitress is a hoot. :-)
I have to give it only 3 stars and I couldnt even tell you why. There is just something about it that ain't quite right. I was born and raised in Germany, so I'm always looking around for somewhere to get my schnitzel on, but I don't think this is worth the drive from Orlando again. The staff is friendly and the food is good (not great) and the prices are what you would expect from a specialty food restaurant. However: we were chatting with the lady of the house who told us the very strange story of how she visited the motherland just two weeks ago and cut her vaca short literally because she was homesick for Cracker Barrel. HELLO - you own an operate a german food restaurant, yet you knock german food in front of your guests? that just kinda soured it for me and I didn't feel warm and fuzzy there anymore. Other then that, the portions aren't all that big for a spoiled american 3lb plate expectation, but it's solid food, yummy and very cute atmosphere. Beware if you are allergic to being blasted with OOmpa music and the video that goes along with it. For non-germans, I can say it will be an accurate representation of my people's food.
Wow, I really, really like this place!  It's an unassuming little place in the middle of nowhere, but they serve the best German food I've ever had.  I loved every single thing I ate.  The Spaten pilzner was great--hard to go wrong there.  I had the rouladen--it was so tender, suffused with that bacon smokey flavor, and covered with a phenomenally tasty brown sauce.  At first I thought the portion was a little small, but when I finished the hot German potato salad and red cabbage, I was totally stuffed.  I topped it off with a slice of homemade apple strudel with fresh whipped cream--I thought it could use more apples, but it was definitely the best tasting strudel I've ever had.  I'm looking forward to trying their sausages.  They offer a long list of different schnitzels, as you might figure from the name.  I had a bite of the jagerschnitzel, and that was good, too.  Schnitzels take up half the plate, so no one goes away hungry.   The servers were knowledgeable and attentive.  Three ladies waited on the customers, and when they weren't busy, they sat in the room with customers and chatted with them in a friendly way or amongst themselves in German.  Because they sat there and observed, they were at the table instantly when we finished a course and were ready for the next thing.  I don't know if that is a regular feature or just what they did this time, but it worked out very well, and I wonder why other restaurant owners haven't thought of that.   The decor is friendly and warm now.  When they opened 1.5 years ago it was one empty room with plastic tables and bare walls with no decorations.  At that time all they offered were schnitzels.  Now there are nice tables and chairs, carpeting, pleasant wall decorations, 4 flat screen television sets showing scenes of Germany while playing music, and a large fish tank to amuse customers.  And the menu has expanded satisfyingly as well. Try The Schnitzel Factory!  This place is a gem. Hours: Tuesday-Saturday 11:00 am - 8:00 pm. link to their website:  theschnitzelfactory.com
Hey if you are looking for real home cooking this is the place .Ate lunch here food was so good. We lived in NJ for many years and used to eat at Fritz's for years till they sold to a party that couldn't cook. We will be back again when visiting our family again there
Not impressed. Its a small place. German decorations, but more of a bar type atmosphere. Went there for lunch and got a Reuben sandwich with cole slaw. It was slow to get out to me. And when it finally came the bread was burnt. The entire time we were there, the workers were staring at us... Not exaggerating. And after I only ate half my food, our server says to me "what's wrong?" It actually caught me off guard because I wasn't thinking anything was wrong. Just an odd experience. I won't recommend it for the food, service or atmosphere.
What a fun place to eat! Don't judge it by the plain exterior because 'it's what's inside that counts'! Food was excellent! The German videos they were playing were hilarious! I especially liked my iced tea served in a glass boot! Petra was our server who was very attentive and personable. You have to try the Apple Streudel! We drove 90 minutes to get there and will be back!!
I've been a regular here for years. The food is pretty good. The atmosphere is ok, not overdone. Bier selection is small, but good choices. Service is good; always the same friendly faces I've known over the years.
German food in Ocala? Incredible. I had the veal schnitzel and spaeztel and it was just like I was in Stuttgart again. The server was sweet and attentive and her accent, the decor and the huge half liter of weissen beer - I was in heaven. Can't wait to go back again and try the jagerschnitzel!
I ordered Weiss wurst with red cabbage and kartofeln.  Washed it down with Weiss beer.  Great food.  Will be back again.
Saw this place in the Yelp app & decided to try it. A pleasant surprise. The German food was good; I had the sauerbraten which is the house specialty. Th red cabbage also hit the spot. We will return.
