I had driven by First Watch many times in the past thinking it was a health clinic or a watch store. The small font under the sign which says daytime cafe was hard to see when driving through SR 200. For this reason I had never checked it out.   My sister had suggested it for brunch. We went with our family on a Sunday and it was really busy! We were first seated inside on the hightop tables but it was extremely cold so we asked for a table outside. Everything looked delicious on the menu but was sad to hear they had no biscuits :( I tried both their blueberry and pumpkin pancakes--both delicious!!! So was their cherry chicken quinoa! And this is coming from someone who isnt a big fan of quinoa. I ordered the turkey and avocado eggs benedict which was also delicious and freshly made. So happy to see that this breakfast restaurant offers a healthy alternative!
We enjoyed it. It wasn't my absolute favorite breakfast ever but I have no complaints and we will definitely be returning. Our waitress was on top of things and staff was extremely friendly. Food was quick and delicious but I'm more of a Cracker Barrel girl ;)
This is a great little chain that offers healthy options for both breakfast and lunch.  Although I don't eat here every week I would say at least twice a month and have always had great service and food.  My personal favorite is the energy bowl,  yogurt,  fresh strawberries, bananas,  and your choice of homemade granola or muesli.  Can't go wrong at First Watch.
I like First Watch for it's healthy menu options, but even more for updating a tired breakfast/lunch concept. First Watch is open only till 3 pm each day and understands it cannot be everything, to everybody -- all the time.  It's not IHOP, Denny's, Bob Evans, or even the Waffle House.  If anything they're closer to the Wildflower restaurant concept with interesting fresh baked breads and muffins. As one of my friends noted, she comes here for the "great service, and a clean, bright atmosphere and consistent food".  I would agree. I had the Monterey Club which comes with turkey, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, monterey jack and mayo on multigrain for a reasonable $8.50.  While my friend had the Breakfast Scramble which comes with spinach, ham and melted cheddar and monterey jack on multigrain toast. topped with hollandaise, also for about $8.00. Both were very good, well prepared and flavorful. Expect pay around $21.00 including tax, but before gratuities. We'll be back, enjoy!
I absolutely love First Watch! They have delicious food that always tastes fresh. If your looking for a greasy breakfast this is not the place for you. They have great coffee too! They are pretty busy on Saturday/Sunday morning but if your party is small the wait list moves pretty quickly.
The food is excellent and the service is great but was really nice to see is the eclectic menu and all of the unique, delicious culinary options. Today I brought my mother here for her birthday breakfast, and what was nice was they sent her a free entree for her birthday.
We discovered this great place to eat on our way home from Florida. I sure hope the chain comes to New York some day. Great healthy choices in the menu.  They had me at crepes which were stuffed with fresh fruit and had organic yogurt on top. The portions were so huge that I had to take  my cranberry muffin home with with me.  Great service.   It kind of reminded me if a Panera Bread where you get table service. The only thing missing was the calorie count on the menu but you can access that from their website.
Ok I need help getting up from the table food was too good to leave on the plate. Chickichanga, cranberry nut pancake to die for.  All fresh mostly healthy can't wait to try the power quinoa bowl.
Best omelette we ever had! Try the works omelette! The oatmeal is really good too! Great service!
I am a fan of the first watch restaurant chain. No one serves better breakfast out there. Their coffee is great, their pancakes are fluffy and delicious, their eggs benedict florentine are YUM!, and they have SEVERAL healthy options on their menu. So you can't really go wrong with First Watch. This review is for this particular store. The restaurants layout is not the greatest. It looks like the FW chain likes to have an open kitchen concept, which is great but in this particular store it didn't work out.  The kitchen main opening is too narrow and they placed tables really close to it. Waiters were bumping into each other because they could see each other coming in/out of the kitchen. In addition, they use the hallway that is in front of the kitchen as their main route to guide guest to their tables. So, you have waiters coming out with trays full of food, waiters coming in with empty plates, guest dinning really close to the entrance, and new guest trying to be seated at their tables. A little bit of a disaster. The other thing that was not great is that we really never knew who our waiter was. One person served out coffee, another one took our order, a third delivered the food, and a fourth gave us the check. The manager checked on us as we were eating. So a little all over the place on that. But the food here is delicious and we prefer FW over any other breakfast (or even small mom & pop) chain. You can't go wrong here.
Somebody should have warned me. Ordered two pancakes when one would have been more than enough. Good service.  Nice selection on menu.  Well worth the visit.
During our latest trip to Orlando for field hockey, my daughter's team, unfortunately, didn't make it to the final day's medal round.  Fortunately, this allowed us to visit my parents in Ocala for brunch and a little hanging out.  I let my Mom choose the place we'd eat and she quickly decided on First Watch, saying "everything there is delicious and nice and fresh".  I was skeptical...I always am when it comes to food. Thankfully, I never let my skepticism get in the way of a potentially great find.  I didn't know this was an actual chain until I read the other reviews while writing this...and I decided I don't care because this place makes some pretty good food.  I will say the place is a little tight, especially when you have someone in a wheelchair...and I wasn't pleased with the wait, but it turned out to be worth it. The menu isn't your normal chain breakfast fare.  I had the Trifecta (2 eggs, 2 strips of bacon, and a pecan multigrain pancake) which was exactly what I needed and was pretty filling-lots of pecans and great bacon.  The multigrain pancakes took a few bites to get used to since I usually have buttermilk pancakes, but they were good.  My wife had the Chikichanga -get this- an omelette with white meat chicken, chorizo, green chilies, cheddar and jack cheeses, avocado, onions and rolled in a tortilla then topped with sour cream...ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  I got ONE taste and wanted more...I'm still thinking about it.  My Dad had an omelette with the kitchen sink (The Works), Mom had an awesome Belgian Waffle withe some nice fresh puréed berries and two eggs, and the kids loved their eggs and pancakes.  My daughter, oddly enough, ordered Italian Wedding soup with her breakfast and didn't really like it...but I thought it was delish... The food was better than good, but I wouldn't call it great with just this one try...I need a larger sampling size.  The service was ok and could have been better (c'mon young pretty waitress, how about a smile?!?), but I'm gonna give them a pass because he place was packed with post-church seniors looking for brunch.  I think the place is still working out the bugs in their service, so until next time they get three stars and not four.
The wife had the Trifecta with french toast and I had eggs benedict. Both were very good but the service was slow and the wait staff seemed flustered confused. Overall great place to eat with nice healthy menu options but maybe go when it's not Sunday after church.
Bad service, took forever to be waited on never offered beverages other than coffee which I said no to twice...walked out
Nasty! First, the "multigrain" pancakes are far from multigrain. I also had the healthy turkey omelet. The eggs were not cooked well. Service was not great. I felt our waitress was not happy. Maybe it's me but I like to see a smile on a waitress. Anyways I won't be back. But this is typical for slowcala anyways.
This place is great! The staff is on point and the food is fresh, homemade deliciousness! I've become a First Watch addict. There should be meetings! In all seriousness, if you haven't tried it yet and you've got a hankering for good eats- can't go wrong with First Watch. Not a bad thing on the menu! Enjoy!
Fantastic menu loaded with great food.  Very healthy and fresh too!
Good food- bad service. Same as before different day.
