I want to tell you that today, (actually it was Monday, Sep 8, 2014) was the best lunch experience we have ever enjoyed at Blue Highway.  Our server, Bobby Joe was exceptional.  She answered our questions and comments, (almost before we ask) with professionalism, knowledge and most of all, a beautiful smile.  As I told Bobby Joe, we brought friends in for lunch and this made a bout 50-60 people that we have brought in to Blue Highway.  I arrange group outings from our community.  Whenever we attend an event in your area I always include lunch at Blue Highway.  The service has always  been excellent but today Bobby Joe made us feel very special.  I know that my partner and I will be back and I'm certain the couple who came with us today will return with their friends and family. I brought a group of 23 in a few weeks ago.  Before that we brought a group of 16 or so.  As well, we've brought numerous couples with us.  Everybody has had nothing but good things to say.  Anyway, just thought you should know. A GREAT PLACE TO ENJOY A DELIGHTFUL MEAL AND GOOD COMPANY!
I guess when I think of Pizzaria,  I think of an oven - either stone oven or otherwise that the pizza is cooked in.   The pizza we got last week was obviously cooked in a pan with WAY TOO MUCH OIL.  The toppings were good, but to cook a pie in that much oil is just gross.  We ordered a greek and a margarita - both were drenched in oil (the crust).   How do I know for sure?  Take a look a the box.  It was drenched.   Luckily I had a really hungry teenager that was so hungry he didn't mind.  I was hoping for much better.  They need to get a real pizza oven.  Keep in mind that I did not order the Sicilian crust pizza- but the thin.  It felt extremely greasy.   Service for take out was quick and the staff was really nice.  But, I won't go back.
great tasting freshly made pizza and salads, our favorite pizza is the Greek pizza. Friendly staff, good service.
On a follow up visit my server Amanda assisted me in choosing an appy. I was going to have the Antipasti Plate but wanted something filling. She suggested one of the flatbreads and she was right! I enjoyed the Brie & Spinach Flatbread...all of it. It's also topped w/bacon, roasted red onions and a balsamic glaze. Um, um, good!!!  Service was excellent as before and cleanliness was top notch.
DIsappointed.  After the buildup I was expecting the Best Pizza Ever.  Alas, only half the pizza met that mark.  The good part were the toppings. They have a wide selection of the usual and quite unusual toppings (eggplant?) which add variety to the offerings. Thus, the center of my pizza was fresh and tasty with a nice, savory tomato sauce. The disappointment was in the thin crust which was a bit too thin in the middle, thus becoming soggy, and overly thick at the edge.  It was also covered in corn meal (or something like that) which completely changed the texture.  Speaking of, the texture was somewhat tough with the bread not having risen completely. The next day having the leftovers for lunch (sometimes the best part!) the center was still excellent but the crust had devolved into being very tough and, now, rubbery.  A great crust should not change that much in under 24 hours. My wife had a gluten free pizza which she reported to be excellent, even for gluten free.  Excellent toppings there, too.  Just having GF available adds a star to my rating.
Good pizza but had to wait forever for a booth , finally ended up eating outside which was nice but service so so , they need to add more booths and offer slices as well.
Food is consistently good and with their use of farm fresh local ingredients I am an even bigger fan.  They also have gluten free options which makes pizza possible for many.  I have had the Greek pizza and the Vangole pizza.  Both pizzas were wonderful and unique.  The little one enjoys the spaghetti and can be as loud as she wants without getting dirty looks.  Staff is always friendly and pleasant.  Service however is not always the greatest.
Our waitress was very good however the food was not. It was ok but I've had much better. Wife had the Cesar salad and said it wasn't very good.  Just over all not worth the money.
Come for the attractive staff and their glorious beards, stay for the amazing food. Whatever you're craving, Blue Highway is guaranteed to cater and I've yet to be anything than more than satisfied with my many visits. They have abundant pizza, salad, sandwich, flatbread, and "small plates" options, and can cater to any of your diet restrictions. Friendly staff, fresh ingredients, great food.
Best pizza place within 60 miles at least. Excellent pizza and good beer and the people are nice.
Went back on a Monday night. It was awesome. Great service, and the always-good food.
Had to give 4 out of 5 because it seems a bit overpriced. Food is good love their shrimp bisque soup. Also their bean salad is very fresh and delicious! Atmosphere is excellent as well.
The cool factor meant a long wait, but the specialty pizzas were well beyond ordinary and outdoor seating on the Boulevard is a rare treat. Our waiter, Sean, provided outstanding, attentive service.
Friendly staff. Pizza was good. Pleased with the craft beer on tap. Weather was cool, so sitting outside to dine was great. All in all it's alright.
Had one of their specialty Sicilian pizzas. To my great surprise, this was some of the best pizza I've had in Florida. The staff and service was fairly attentive, and the decor exceeded my expectations. Considering what use to occupy this building (Arby's), my hats off to the ownership, for a pretty cool concept.
This place is awesome. One of the best pizzas I've had in a long time and they were playing slightly stoopid when I came in sp they are complete winners in my book.
Yummy everything!  I has the Tioga salad, and I hardly ever eat salad.  Pizza is great both thin & thick.  Specials are always changing, but we have never been disappointed with any choice. Staff is very friendly.
Good pizza.  Best French fries ever.  Went for Saturday lunch and service was good.
