Fresh home cooking! We had fried green tomatoes, pecan glazed chicken with mashed potatoes. The side dishes were green beans and eggplant parmesan, and it comes with cornbread and a side salad. We went for the key lime pie as dessert.  It's obviously fresh food and eerything is homemade in house. Right down to the whipped cream on top of the pie!  Good southern comfort food!!! :-)   Great, friendly service!!!
My first visit to the Ivy House. I am not sure if the front fountain is for harvesting mosquitoes or for visual effects, but pretty green. Nice entry besides that. Had a nice seat with 4 others. Drinks, a few apps and dinner. When the app arrived, one of our party placed an order to go, for her late working husband. Now here is the funniest thing(perhaps to the server or cook) the to-go order was delivered to our table 15 minutes before our entrees were served. I am guessing they must have misplaced our order, while there were only 5 other tables at any one time. Then the waiter asked if we would like to have him keep the to-go order warm. Seems like a fairly classy place with servers with no clue. Some cheap, thin napkins. Think the waiter smelled of booze. The cod had no seasoning, but the veggies were roasted and were absolutely delicious. Cross this place off my list of Ocala's finest, unless I want peanut butter pie.
There is some attempt at trying, but overall this restaurant is not worthy, either of the reviews found here or of repeat visits. The quality of the cooking is mediocre; the décor is shabby and not chic; oilcloth tablecloths and paper napkins -- come on! The house wine is blueberry!  What does that tell you. Sorry. In so many ways.
The atmosphere and decor of this restaurant are completely darlacious! They have great Southern cuisine served on beautiful plates delivered by accomodating staff. I had the Crispy Chicken sandwich which was excellent. The potato wedges were lukewarm and mushy and I determined them to be completely unworthy of spending calories on. The macaroni and cheese looked great but was very boring and under seasoned. That, too, went uneaten. My friend's salad was excellent. The cornbread was the best I have ever tasted, anywhere. The raspberry tea was so sweet it made my teeth hurt. I had to cut it with equal parts unsweetened tea just to be able to drink it but it was delicious once I doctored it. Dessert was divine. I had the praline tulip, my mother in law had the coconut cake, and the other women we dined with had the tin roof brownie. Ah may zing....I posted photos. The prices were so reasonable I felt guilty.
This is one if my favorite places in Ocala. You must try the fried green tomatoes!!! Anytime someone comes to visit I take them here. The food, atmosphere and service is always amazing. It can be a little pricey but their portions are very generous. Their lunch menu is a little more reasonable just be sure to get your order in before 3:30pm. My mother in-law always orders their catering on thanksgiving - Turkey, cornbread stuffing, and the Mac-n-cheese.
Such a pleasant experience. It is a good thing this place was not in Phoenix or I would be here every day. What a gem! It is a delightfully old and very pink Victorian mansion. The restaurant has good ole southern hospitality service. ( Katy was great and the hostess was a Sweetheart) The food was outstanding. They even have an Aveda Spa upstairs. No reason to leave. Teehee! I ordered the Chicken Salad Croissant sandwich and it was one of the two best chicken salads I have ever had. The Croissant was moist and crunchy/crispy in the right places. It came with a house salad and a fruit salad. Mind you, I am not usually a fan of Waldorffy Astoria type of fruit salads but their Polynesian Salad was to die for. Other folks have told me their southern fried chicken is one of the best around. After I ate I peeked in the other areas of the old home. I love old buildings and it is a gorgeous property. They have a small gift shop up front. One of the owners was there and showed me their cookbook which contains many of the restaurant's recipes. She told me her Granny was the best cook. While I was eating the lady at the next table got chatty ( love the south) and told me she owned the cookbook and the recipes are pretty easy to make if you like to cook. All in all this was a delightful lunch experience. Be forewarned the place was getting packed as I left so go early.
Caprese salad with pesto. Fried green tomatoes. Mac and cheese to die for. Fancy southern food that hits the mark.
Lunched at Ivy House for the first time today and we will be back. Ivy house is located in an old Victorian home. The ambiance is great. The chandeliers and wallpaper feel just right for the Southern style food that followed. We started with the Southern Grilled Mozzarella which was delicious. It was Mozzarella on grilled garlic bread with a marinara sauce for dipping, yum.  I had the Baked Krispy Chicken with sides and it was also done just right.  Then dessert!  I had the Pecan Tulipe, a praline shell filled with ice cream, strawberries and chocolate.  The praline shell was like eating perfect little pralines that are crunchy.  It is always fun to find a nice place with  good decor, great food and friendly service.
Ate there a few weeks back and all I can say is it was a great experience. The service was good and the atmosphere it was very southern style. Loved it. The food is not only great but you definitely get your monies worth.
I have family and friends that rave about the ivy house. I finally took my fiancé and met with some family. Service was spectacular and the food was even better. I am not a fan of raspberry anything but the raspberry tea and wine were yummy!
Finally, not too crowded!  Great food and super service!  1890 Grouper Special wonderful and I had the Crispy Chicken with delicious Mac and Cheese.  The Raspberry wine was right up there also.
Made Valentines Day reservations for my wife and my dad to go and have dinner here. The dinner was good as was the service. The only complaint I have is no corny cornbread or rolls were served with the meal, despite it saying it right on the menu. You had to order your food the day before or when you made your reservations which I thought is kind of odd. Service again was good but they were slammed. Would come back again although I was still trying to figure out where the Pecans were in the Pecan Chicken.
The most charming little establishment for lunch! I was in Ocala on business and came here two days in a row for lunch. The service was great, attentive and quick despite the mad rush during lunch hour. Food was delicious, I'm still dreaming about the corn bread! Such a cute place for a girl's brunch, the decor is shabby chic in this Victorian setting. Highly recommend!
I have been in Ocala on business for the past 6 weeks and have had fun checking out local restaurants.  Found a true gem in The Ivy House!  We went for lunch and had no waiting for a table.  Our server, Josh, was as charming and attentive as he could possibly be.  Since I have a life-long love of fried green tomatoes, I HAD to try the Fried Green Tomato BLT.  OMG, this sandwich was amazing - not only were the fried green tomatoes to die for, the bacon was the best flavored apple smoked bacon I have ever had and the mayonnaise had a spicy bite to it.   It came with a side of seasoned potato wedges that were quite yummy.  As I was eating 1/2 of my BLT, I saw a quite interesting dessert come out of the kitchen, which I just HAD to try!!!  The Pecan Tulipe is beyond decadent.  Homemade praline ice cream, surrounded by fresh strawberries, fresh whipped cream and chocolate ganache all in a homemade praline shell.  Oh.My.Stars!  Obviously, I took 1/2 my BLT home!  My friend had a bacon cheeseburger and the homemade chocolate cake, both of which she deemed wonderful!  I highly recommend The Ivy House.
Eaten here twice now 1 lunch and 1 dinner.  Will definitely go back again probably for lunch.  Food was good both times.  1 of 2 pieces of grouper was a little overlooked and dry.  Service is OK.  One visit the restaurant was packed the other very slow service was about the same.
Tried to call Ivy House Saturday and for 30 minutes their phone was busy so me and my friend went to the restaurant.  We walked up to the hostess and stood in front of her and she acted like we were  invisible, no hello, greeting whatsoever.  She refused to acknowledge our existence.  She had to walk around us three times in order to seat people and still didn't say hello.  It was bizarre.  I finally said to my friend loudly that I wanted to go someplace else which made her glance our way but she remained mute.  We left and went to Latino y mas where the hostess said hello, we were seated and served immediately and had a wonderful meal.  I never had a hostess intentionally ignore me like the Ivy House.  It was the rudest experience ever.  Wish I could give zero stars
Just ok.  I had really high hopes; the place is beautiful and the appetizer was delicious, but when the meal came, it was mediocre at best. And I was super excited for the cornbread but it was so grease-soaked I couldn't eat it.  I hope it gets better.
I have been an Ivy House fan for a long time.  We used to drive to the one in Williston regularly.  Was so happy when they opened in Ocala.  Usually went for lunch.  We went for an early dinner tonight.  It was not very good at all, and certainly not worth the money.  It started out with my unsweat tea.  I asked for Splenda or another sweetner like that.  The server finally returned with a contained with mostly regular sugar, one Splenda and three packs of Nuvia.  (I think that's what it's called)  I ordered the baked chicken and the mac and cheese.  When our meal was served, my mac and cheese was barely warm.  The yeast roll was either partially raw or someone had dropped it in water to make it taste like a big blob of yeast.  It was awful.  The chicken was okay, but not as tasty as it usually is.  The place was almost totally empty, maybe three tables were filled.  They found a small table for us crammed up against the wall where another room is right around the corner.  I thought with all of these empty tables, why not give us a decent table????  My husband had the shrimp and he said it was good.  The green beans and carrots were good also.  Since I've been home, I have a horrible stomach ache.  Don't know if it's because of that new "fake" sugar or what or that blob of yeast in the roll.  Makes me afraid to go back.  I imagine we will give it another chance as we've liked it before and have taken several people there over the years, but I think it will be lunch next time so that if it's not very good, at least it's not wasting close to $40 when a Subway sandwich would have been tastier.  I hope tonight was just a bad night!  I looked for a way to email The Ivy House directly, but couldn't find it on their website.  I would rather let them know that way, but they really need to know about our experience.
