I've been here multiple times seems like the service gets worse.  The food is good but the horrible service takes away from anything on the plate.  From now on I'll only do take-out from mojos.
A fun casual place with great food. The best part is they really have a menu for pretty much everyone - they have a vegetarian menu and a gluten free menu. I'm loathed to stop for food at a chain restaurant even on a road trip - thankfully my boyfriend found this place not too far off the highway. I ordered the black bean veggie burger with the salsa ranch sauce and it had the right amount of spice. It had grilled peppers and usually I'm not a fan but they were thinly sliced and grilled to absolute perfection; they were neither crunchy raw nor soggy. It looks like a great place for a group of friends or family to hang out. A very upbeat and spacious place.
Once upon a time in Ocala, Florida there was a young lady....   It wasn't my plan to dine at Mojo's but once inside the environment is so alive and vibrant, the open kitchen and grill made me reserve a table with the hostess. Food and drinks are fairly priced and AMAZING! Ask for their signature dish or wings and different sauces. The server was professional and welcoming. When leaving I accidentally left my to go box on the table. The busser came around and threw it in the trash before I came back into the resturant. The manager overheard me asking and prepared me another order to replaced it!!! I thought that was very nice and a lil bit over standard customer service!!! AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!!
I LOVE MOJOS people can pick apart the menus or the way they do things here, but its hard to say they dont give you great food at an affordable price. I really dig the atmosphere here it is very much what they are going for with a creole southern vibe reminds me of a few places in baton rouge i like to eat at. the wait staff for me on the multiple occasions i have been there have always been very polite and attentive. so much so that when i got takeout there once while i was waiting for me food i was asked by two different girls if i would like some water or something while i was waiting. The food... oh the food i love the food here. Their red beans and rice just takes me back to Louisiana. Its not exact but its the closest thing i have found in many many years. I usually get the cuban sandwich just because it is a favorite of mine, and i have yet to be upset with it... not even a little bit. and that au jus they have with it... OMG i could drink that stuff or just put it on EVERYTHING!!!! They also have some pretty amazing shrimp and grits i must say. Im a huge grit fan, and the grits here are top notch OH and their plantains... just YUMMMMMMM   when ive eaten here with my parents my dad says they have some AMAZING coffee he drinks two, three cups of it. (im not a coffee kinda guy) over all i enjoy this place. Its been one of the better places i have eaten at here in ocala. id suggest it to anyone
Great place to eat! The food was cooked perfectly and it was out quickly! Everyone there was very friendly. I will definitely be back again!
They say first impressions are the most important and unfortunately mine was not very good. I don't believe anyone wants to pick up a black & white photo copied paper menu that has been scrunched up and has someone else's food embedded on it. Such as it was, we ordered the chicken fajitas and didn't have to wait too long before it was served to us. However, it might of been easier for the server (and us) if she didn't have to wait tables and bartend at the same time. The fajitas were overflowing with flavorful chicken but the tortillas were soggy and it made quite a mess. For the $12 you also receive about 3 tbls of black beans & rice. Though they were good, there were 2 foreign objects in it. (see photos) One was a bay leaf and the other was a thick stem of some kind. This is never acceptable. I'm so very sad..... Current health inspection:  2-high priority, 2-intermediate & 3-basic violations
Had lunch here today for a meeting. Pretty good experience. The service was really great. I really appreciated that we had a set waitress, however, any one of the wait staff would stop at our table and check on us throughout our meal. I had the impression before going that this would be cajun food. I assure you, it is not, and any one from Louisiana would be offended to hear it. That said, the food was really good for what it was: a mish-mash of southwestern, southern, and American favorites, with some Cuban influences as well. The chips were a bit stale, but the excellent salsa made up for them. I had empanadas. They were a little dry, but I ordered guacamole and sour cream on the side and they helped. Everyone else seemed to love their food. We'll likely go again next time we're in Ocala.
This is now a must visit every time were in the area.  Great food and service.  I've been getting the buffalo chicken wrap and it's so good.  It's pretty hot but super yummy.
Two stars is really too generous. I arrived thirty minutes prior to closing. The place was near empty but it took at least 10 minutes before anyone noticed me. The pasta was suggested so I tried the Ragin Cajun. If I had time, I would've sent it back. It was $13 and you could barely see any mushrooms or tomatoes. Yet, the bland Alfredo sauce and noodles were plentiful.  There were tiny and medium size pieces of chicken, each was burnt not blackened. The dry garlic toast was weeping for more butter.  It wasn't a lot of food for the price either. I was expecting a food truck vibe with authentic cuisine given the great reviews.  Instead, it was a bloated establishment with an identity crisis.  Is it Tex Mex? Creole?  Eclectic?  Commercial?  Elvis, Ray Charles and the Blues Brothers decorated the walls while 80's music played in the background.  And there's nothing worse than looking at the sex offender pictures while waiting on your to go order. Thanks Crime stoppers. I will not return.
Stopped in for lunch.  This place was PACKED at lunch time which is a good sign.  it was a really fun experience with very good service and a tasty lunch.  I had the buffalo grilled chicken wrap with some yummy plantains.  I can't remember what my friend had but she liked it and we polished off every bite!  I wish I could go back but I'm only working in Ocala this week and leave tomorrow!
We went here a few weeks ago and I loved it. Great food, people and there was a small band playing that night. Great  atmosphere. Will be going back.
Great, food and service. The best thing was that the wings that I ordered are grilled wings! The prices are very afordable and the atmosphere is relaxed. More of a sport bar. The place even has tostones and sweet plantains! A place that you have to visit.
What I truly believe is the best restaurant in Marion County. Always great every time. Could not be happier with the food and service.
If your in Ocala area, stop by one of the Mojo's. Order the wings blackened and if you like chili fire up an order. Chips come with the chili, so it's like a full appetizer. Go see Liz at the bar. My fav in Ocala!!
Man these guys have nailed the gluten free stuff! It's been a year since I've been able to eat a good burger while out and about. If you are gluten intolerant or allergic please check this place out and give it a shit you will enjoy the food and fun environment.
This place is awesome!!! Service was incredible. Food was excellent. Bloody Mary bar is a great idea. Very cool place. Highly recommend it!!!
Went at lunch time had Pop's Cajun Boiled Peanuts for the appetizer more then enough for two + and the Rondo's Famous Cuban Pork Dinner; both well seasoned and tasty!  Do wish the dinner I had for lunch included some bread to make it even better!  My friend order the Black-Bean Sandwich with Cajun Waffle Fries, he enjoyed very much as well.  Fun atmosphere surprising busy for lunch, very attentive fast service with a smile!  I don't live in the area but do hope I can make it back to one of their trivia nights!
Not the best....  Chicken wings are not as meaty as they should be.  Ordered 10 wings and only had 8 that had any meat on them.  Kids menu limited to starchy or fried foods.  Service was slow and didn't seem overly concerned with providing any level of customer care.  Loved the fried pickles.  Seems like the expansion and move hurt the quality and the finished product.
This is one of the best restaurants in Ocala for many different reasons, very interesting menu, always friendly staff and delicious food make this a spot not to miss if you come to Marion County
Fantastic food, good service and very affordable!
This is one of those few restaurants that actually deserves a five-star rating. I have been here on two occasions and both times were fantastic. The service is quick and efficient (seriously, we got our food in no time) and the atmosphere was rockin'. Literally---they had a live band both times I was there! The kitschy and eclectic decor just adds to the party-like atmosphere. The food, though, is what really makes my jaw drop. The pulled pork nachos were flippin' delicious, and a half order was HUGE. Like, twice the size of my face huge. And the Carolina pulled pork sandwich was almost as good as the classic Little Richard's in North Carolina. That coleslaw paired with their perfectly prepared pork and drizzled with a little guava BBQ sauce sent me over the moon. I don't know what's in their guava BBQ sauce but it must be something incredibly unholy for it to taste that good. Maybe the tears of a thousand royal babies? All I know is I can't wait to go back.
Wonderful Gluten Free Menu.  Food, service is very good.   Love the fun ambiance .  We have been twice, and have been very pleased with our visit.
I have eaten at Mojo's at least 20 times throughout all the locations and I must say that its rare to have a bad experience besides maybe for the wait time.  Pork Tacos are awesome and the Ricky is my absolute favorite.  Rondo's style wings are a must. Not to mention all the great things  he and his staff do for the Community.
Mojo Grill and Catering was responsible for the food and venue for my wedding reception. The venue was lovely and the food was rated by my guests as some of the best they had ever eaten at a wedding. That is as far as my compliments go when dealing with Mojo Grill. I received a different amount on EVERY invoice I received from them and that was when they sent it to me in a program that I was able to open. Not every person owns Windows Office or Excel on their home computers. There was a clear communication problem when I discovered several things that were talked about from day one were not added to my invoice in the beginning so I was charged more than expected in the end. The set up of the room was not done according to what was talked about going so far as to have one table of guests half way into the dance floor. When it came time to cut the cake myself and one of my guests had to locate the plates and forks for everyone to use because the staff was no where to be found. And I was told by my guests how food was being put away way to soon. In fact as soon as my husband and I arrived and sat down we were told that if we wanted some of the dip they had that we better get it now because they were putting it away. I found the ballroom coordinator LeeAnn to be extremely unorganized and unprofessional and at times very irritating. I would recommend Mojo for a place to eat because their food is clearly worth it but I would not recommend them as a caterer or for use of their ballroom. I spent my wedding day pissed off at what I saw and encountered and no bride deserves to be pissed off on their wedding day.
Mojo's got his mojo working! Unique atmosphere. Not to be missed. Menu has fantastic sandwiches. I want to see someone play the drums hanging on the ceiling!
Visited last night for $3 margarita and trivia.  Trivia winner received a $20 gift card with a few other winners receiving a free appetizer.  Margaritas were satisfying, considering they are house margarita (not top shelf tequila).  I ordered the fish tacos- very delicious!  The sauce they use is scrumptious.  Took a bite of my husband's french dip sandwich, pretty tasty.  Took a bite of their macaroni and cheese (which is not Kraft out of a box!) and it was pretty good, could use some garlic for my liking.  But, the cheese sauce appears to be their own recipe.  And as I reported last time, the customer service was outstanding!  We ordered a brownie/ice cream desert. Something happened to their freezer, melting the ice cream, and they went out to purchase ice cream.  They comped the desert.  :D  And it was deliciously worth the wait.  A good time had by all.  Mojo Grill is going to be our new go to spot.
