Wow!  Wish I Could Visit Ocala more Often! We drive from the Tampa Bay area to Atlanta fairly often.  On our last trip we were passing through Ocala at dinnertime.  We had read in a restaurant guide book about Latinos y Mas and decided to try it out.  We were hugely impressed. We were expecting a more informal place, not having heard of their renovation.  The place had a nice vibe and was bright and festive.  The staff was pleasant and professional and our waitress was able to make helpful recommendations from the menu. The Margarita was good, but not the best I've had.  Then we had the house ceviche appetizer and that was the best we've ever had--including from good restaurants in Chili and Peru where the dish originated.  It was so delicious that we were glad for the side of rice so that we could pour it into the sauce to get every drop. The mains were also excellent.  We had the Churrasco Criollo con Camarones (a thin, chargrilled steak with a fabulous Chimichurri sauce and shrimp with vegetables) and a delicious mahi mahi fish.  Every bite was first rate.  We even got a Pollo Mediterraneo to go for our daughter at home. We were so full that we couldn't handle a dessert.  But we did enjoy a couple of café con leches before we got back on the road. I hope that we'll end up in Ocala again soon.  You folks there are lucky to have that restaurant in your community.
The food was good, but the service was less desirable.  Waited over 20minutes for our server to pick up our bill. While all the workers were having a great conversation in the bar area. If you're in a hurry not the place to go for lunch. And the restaurant wasn't busy- now we know why!
I've been eating here since it first opened when it was a hole in the wall. Everything on the menu is amazing, but the grouper fish is their finest! A Cuban combo is a fantastic take-out option. Great atmosphere and even better service.
We stopped here on a road trip and it was a great decision! The ambience is very nice and the service is very good--fast and friendly. We had the arroz con pollo and it was delicious. The salsa and cheese dip is also very good. The lunch specials are diverse and the whole menu provides a good mix of Latin American flavored--I highly recommend this place if you are in the Ocala area
We visited this restaurant for a meeting. We were promptly seated in a quiet back room and our waiter was fantastic about keeping our chips and drinks filled. The food was really, really good. To me it felt like authentic Mexican food-- light on the creams and cheeses, but just right on the spices. I look forward to stopping in again.
Whenever I am in town I stop and eat at this delightful restaurant. In fact, the last time I went, I had enough check-ins to be named The Duke.  In fact, I had Victor the bartender calling me The Duke for the entire duration of dinner (I eat at the bar when I am alone ). While I like to be adventurous, I rarely stray from the Chicken and Yellow Rice, it is simply that well done.  I have tried a number of other dishes, but that is simply my favorite.  They say they are a fusion restaurant, and there are a number of interesting recipes, but the Arroz con Pollo is special. So if you go and Victor is the bartender, ask him if he served the Duke.
Awesome avocado salad! Lorna is a great server. My son says the chicken enchiladas are the best.
Whenever I visit my boyfriend's parents in Ocala, I have an internal freak out about what I'm going to be able to eat as a vegetarian. Most of the places I've been around there are not so veggie friendly, however I was pleasantly surprised by Latinos y Mas. I visited for Cinco de Mayo and was pleased to see that they specify that their rice and beans are vegetarian. I got a delicious margarita and the vegetarian rice dinner. The rice dinner was gigantic, full of delicious vegetables and topped with black beans and plantains. I was full and happy by the time I left and had  leftovers for the next day's lunch. Service was also quick and helpful and the interior of the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. I hope I can talk my boyfriend's parents in returning there very soon.
I can't think of anything bad to say about his place.  If you like ceviche, get the Peruvian!  Its amazing!  Rice and beans are great too.   Love their flan and tres leches. Service can be a little slow, but you get chips and salsa, so relax and enjoy! Nice dining area.  Good parking.
Roadtrip to Appleton Museum made us hungry so we Yelped for a good restaurant near I75. All 6 of us loved this restaurant. Fresh food. No MSG. Great service by Omar. We tried the Friday specials - super!
The food here is very good & flavorful.  The shrimp with yellow rice is so wonderful  I always have my friend bring me some when she flies there.
We stoped by this place when we were passing by ocala. It has a large veriety of spanish food. Great food and atmosphere. And you get A LOT of food! Highly recommend!
This restaurant was remodeled not too long ago but just the bldg. itself was done. Not the old chairs, scratched up tables nor the restroom. After ordering our dinners, we received our "salads" which were not in a bowl but rather a small plate. This consisted of iceberg ribs, 2 slices of cucumber and one slice of tomato. ;-(  We were given chips and salsa but if we wanted a refill then there was a charge for that. My friends Latino Chicken Combo was good but when all is said and done they were all the same ingrediants served in different vessels that left a messy plate. I had the Pollo Mediterraneo and found the Chicken very moist. It was the rest of the ingrediants that didn't meld. feta, artichokes and capers = an over whelming amount of salt. After that, it was difficult to distinguish any other taste. A major problem was with our server Lorna. She was extremely unattentive and I believe we saw her only twice. Our dirty dishes were piled all over the table as we continued to eat. And when I need a beverage refill, I waited....and waited....and then noticed her sitting at a table in the front. Why would she be sitting down talking while she has customers? Eventually I flagged another server down who got her attention. Just a slightly below average meal with poor service. And the noise level was huge in there.  Get ready to speak over other people. Current Health Inspection: 1-high priority, 2-intermediate and 9-basic violations
Love this place! I try to eat here every time I'm in town. Everything is good, but my favorite is the Arroz con Pollo, Paella, and the Churrasco
Very nice place my favorite is the Aroz con pollo rice and chicken I like their black beans and rice
Yummy! Salsa and guacamole are fresh. Clean environment , good service. I always order Gambas mariner (shrimp in a white sauce with toast points) sooo good!
Chips and Salsa were good..just enough spice ! I ordered the Lentil Soup with Avocado and Heart of Palm salad..Terrific ! Service was good. My first time here and won't be my last =)
WOWeee!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Very friendly service. Superb food & Drinks! My husband & I go here all the time, in fact we have went here twice for our yearly company dinner. Comfortable prices, I can't say enough about Latino's. We always get the giant steak buritto w/ black beans.. UMM.. & Their Ches leches Holy Cow to die for! Excellent place!
Let's see...bandeja paisa, chuletas a la marsella, arroz especial...love it Great place when you craving some good spanish food!
I am sorry, I know this is a local favorite, but I have to say I thought the food was terrible.  I had guacamole which was so overpowered by the lime juice, I couldn't even taste the garlic or avocado.  For an entree I ordered the chimichanga which was pretty bland as well.  I was so disappointment because this place seemed to be a rave by all the residents.  Just not for me
Tried the arroz con pollo based on Yelp reviews. It was disappointing. The rice had plainly been prepared earlier and heated up, rendering it dry and globby. The vegetables were sparse and undercooked. I stopped eating after the third piece of grisly chicken. The menu is too extensive and the food comes too quickly for anything to be freshly made on order. Wait staff was friendly. The black beans and rice was good, but pretty hard to mess that up.
This is one of my regular restaurants that I frequent. The food is consistently delicious. Love the chips and Salsa. The grouper salad and the shrimp salad are some of my favorite dishes. You can't go wrong with anything you order.
Good service, attentive waiters.  The salsa for the chips was made with fresh ingredients.   Carne asada was good.   The chimichurri sauce had too much oil and too few herbs.  I requested no rice and beans and they gave me a credit on the bill. The fish ceviche was fresh and good. I will eat here again if in the area.
Great Colombian soda.
WORST CUBAN SANDWICH EVER. Where do you find a fast- food stule cuban sandwich with processed sliced deli pork instead of great pulled pork? you got it... latino y mess
The wife and I  go here quite often.  The Arroz con pollo is out of this world.  Best I've ever had period!  The atmosphere is great and service is always good.  Prices are reasonable as well.  Everyone we take to Latinos Y Mas instantly becomes a fan.  If your looking for a new place to try out, don't hesitate to try Latinos.
It is unreal how much I love this place.  Whenever I come home to the Sunshine State, I do my best to make a trip to Latinos Y Mas.  The salsa is incredible, I want to eat a gallon of it, however I restrain myself for one very important reason - the arroz con pollo.  In almost 15 years of eating here, I don't think I have ever ordered anything else.  It is absolutely to die for (with red beans, though, not black).  With the added bonus of friendly and efficient service, there's nothing that isn't great about this place.
This place is one of the best places to eat in central florida.  The food is wonderful, the atmosphere is very nice.  I got addicted to this place when I lived down the street and it was a tiny little "hole in the wall".  Now they have expanded, adding much deserved space to fill with people.  Keep in mind this is a spanish restaurant, NOT a mexican restaurant... But even if you happened upon this location by accident, you will leave happy.
We used to live around the corner from this place 5 years ago. We went here every chance we got. Since then, it has gotten bigger, busier and a tad bit more expensive but the food is still exceptionally good. Try the Pollo al Ajillo, you wont be sorry!
I stumbled upon this place on a recent visit to Ocala.... WOW what a great find! It's been there for years and I never bothered to visit it for all that time, but I was blown awaay by the delicious latin cuisine.
My friend and I ate here yesterday after not eating here in years. It was as good as I remember. when you sit down they bring you a basket of chips and very fresh salsa.  For our appetizer we had the Gambas Marinier that was so excellent!  It was shrimp sautéed with garlic and shallots swimming in a thick white cream sauce served with five thick slices of toasted Cuban bread.  I could easily order this with a glass of wine and be very satisfied. My friend ordered a Cuban sandwich and said it was good but could have had better but I didn't try it so I can only rate the food on what I ordered. For my main course I ordered the Bandeja Paisa  it was huge. You could easily split it but not me. It came with a little bit of everything. I got a bowl of lentil soup that wasn't to thick or to thin and very tasty. After that the server brought my plate that had an arepa that was a little greasy and that is why I gave it four stars. It also came with a very flavorful palomilla steak perfectly cooked sweet plantains, a link of chorizo sausage, a big chunk of fresh avocado that did not have one brown spot on it.  You also got your choice of white or yellow rice with red or black beans. I chose the yellow rice and the red beans. The next time I will try the black beans as I thought the red beans were just a little bland. Then to top it all off they fry an egg and put it on top of the steak which I asked if they could make it runny and it came out perfect!!!  Oh yeah the dish also comes with what they call a fried pork skin that is like a big strip of fat with big chunks of pork on it. Hard to explain exactly what it is but it was like eating a perfect boneless juicy pork chop.  I thought I died and went to heaven. Definitely not something you want to have if you have high cholesterol.  There is a full bar but we always have wine with our meals so we ordered two house reds and a white. They sure don't skimp on the wine.   The restaurant was very busy and the service was impeccable. I will not wait so long to go back this time!!!
Tasty food in a comfortable setting. The tostones and the chips and salsa are great.
I love the new location and it seems the food has become fresher and more lively.  Latin Fusion!  What a great idea!  I'm from Miami so I'm always looking for latin food, primarily cuban, of course.  The appetizers are served on flattened plantains and all with a tasty sauce.  The salad (can't remember which one, as my niece ordered it) was also amazing.  Really good food in Ocala!
This is one of my favorite locally owned restaurants in Ocala!  My favorite Latin restaurant in town.  Great food and better service.  The renovations made the ambiance even better.
The service is friendly, professional (something you don't see a lot of in Ocala) and the place is clean. The food came hot and tasted great! The only problem I had with it was I asked for no cilantro and the meal came with it on anyways.
Been here about three times in the 15 years I've lived in ocala. According to yelp reviewers, you would think this place is great. According to this Latina right here, not so much. Sorry Latinos y Mas, I know you must be doing something right because you've been around a long time, but I know good Latin food, and yours ain't it.
Always wanted to try this restaurant. The outside of the building is nice looking, and appears to be a decent place; WRONG! The waiter, Luiz was terrible! He rarely came to our table and when he did he was not at all friendly. He actually seemed annoyed. When we got our food (Carnitas Tacos) the beef was very over cooked and like jerky, the soft corn tortillas were stale and ripping apart, the rice was just yellow colored white rice with dried out peas in it, and the beans were a runny paste, looking and tasting like canned beans. Also had a frozen Margarita, which was watery and tasteless!!! The crappy, over priced food, rude, cold and unfriendly service are reasons enough for me to NEVER go back there again nor would I ever recommend that place to anyone, in fact, I will tell my family and friends to avoid that place at all cost (be it an expensive cost considering what you get for you money).   I REALLY with there were a -5 star rating!!!! Take it from me, if you know and appreciate good, authentic Latin food you should save your money as you will be disappointed!
Try the paella and the ceviche.
A diamond in the rough! My wife and I dined there last night. The service is great which is sooo rare these days. Louis answered all our questions with extreme knowledge and professionalism. Food was incredible not the chain type garbage everyone is used to. Do yourself a favor and dine there.....
Received outstanding, friendly service. The renovation is beautiful. I found the menu unique in that it includes both Spanish dishes and Mexican dishes. So be ready for a tough decision. The nightly special's fish tacos were excellent. Everything was fresh and portions big enough to take home leftovers. Would recommend the mojito over the capreinha as far as cocktails. Salud!
My favorite restaurant! Love their salsa, garlicky house salad dressing, and everything I've ever tasted there! Also love the variety of menu selections. They do not disappoint.
This is a very good place to eat.  Very consistent for not being a chain.  I love the Camarones Al Ajio (not sure of the spelling)...can't order anything else.  It is shrimp with an olive oil & garlic sauce that is to die for.  So much flavor.  Can't pass up the yellow rice and black beans...YUM to the whole meal!!!!  I always look forward to another visit.
Went here for dinner around 8:30 with a friend.  The place was poppin'.  Decor was tastefully done in Latin themes.  The servers were friendly and we sat down. From the first bite of salsa (incredible) to the last bite (of flan (divine), I was in heaven.  I ordered a chicken/chorizo vegetable plate with rice a black beans and plantains.  (Forgive me, I can't remember the exact names)  All the veggies were still colorful and crisp.  The yellow rice was a first for me (I'm sadly not well versed in Latin besides Mexican). We ended dinner with Tres Leches cake and flan. The flan was good and above average with an almost creme brulle-like texture.   The Tres Leches cake was the best I've ever eaten in my life!!!  The flavor sent me straight to culinary heaven.  I'm already dreaming up ways to copy-cat that one at home. A few suggestions for future diners:  eat Tres Leches cake first before you're meal to make sure you can eat it all.  It was worth every bite and I was sorely wishing I hadn't eaten so much of my entree.  My second suggestion in to split a meal with a friend. Can't wait for my next trip to Ocala.  I'm stopping by!!
Great food, take-out friendly, catering available.
Excellent food in this little oasis.  Had the ceviche and the house special. Both were excellent.  I'd give it a 5 but for the fact I was worried someone would break into the car while I ate. Neibhorhood was sketchy. Hope the charm of this place spreads.
Great food, great service by really nice people. This family run restaurant is totally authentic with wonderful spanish/mexican/south american cuisine. My favorite: pernil (cuban roast pork), my wife: grouper provencale (grouper with tomatoes). Other favorites: arroz especial (rice w/chicken, pork and other stuff), ceviche (shrimp), steak chimichangas. Now that I think of it, we like everything on the menu. Enjoy.
This is my favorite Latin restuarant, hands down.  The decor is great. The food is fantastic. I have never had a bad meal there. They have the absolute best salsa, avocado salad & arroz con pollo. The dine-in service is great. The only drawback I have found is their take-out service. Sometimes they do not answer the phone, and I have been put on hold for more than 5 minutes, at which point I would hang up. So, I not recommend take out.
This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Ocala.  The dishes at Latinos Y Mas are so flavorful and they always present the food in a very appealing manner.  The restaurant is extremely clean, the staff are always very friendly, and the prices are most reasonable.  I go to this restaurant often and cannot say enough good things about it.
Stopped in for dinner around 4:30 on Monday. We were greeted as soon as we walked in by the hostess and the aroma of Latin food. Our waitress was pleasant, and made sure our glasses were always full. For an appetizer we ordered Tostones con Chorizo and it was delicious. For our main course, my husband and I both ordered the Bandeja Paisa (a traditional Colombian dish) and we both enjoyed every bite. We're looking forward to returning to try out other dishes.
