Wonderful, delicious BBQ.  Can't decide on order? Try the Devlyn's combo platter.  HUGE! GREAT FRIENDLY SERVICE. Come on in.
We were traveling  last night and wanted some ribs. We found the Hardwood Smokehouse using Yelp and decided to give it a try. You order at the counter, have a seat and in no time your food is placed in front if you. The prices were reasonable. We were very pleased. Everything was very, very good.     The coleslaw was unique with thin slices of crisp, sweet tart apples. The baby back ribs were tender and practically fell off the bone in my mouth. There were 4 sauces to choose from -sweet, mild red, hot and mustard. The cornbread hoecake with jalapeños tasted great and not too hot. The French fries were hot and lightly seasoned. I tasted the beef brisket and chipped pork. They were both good.     The staff was friendly. The owners were great! We will stop there again when in the area.  I hope you all give it a try and enjoy it as much as we did.
This place is amazing. I like to coin myself a BBQ aficionado, and Hardwood is a winner! We drove through Ocala after a vacation in Orlando, and my husband actually found this place. They're a counter style concept, like so many newer casual dining spots these days, and you order your BBQ, and they bring to your table. The mister and I split the 'Q for Two... Heaping pile of smoked pulled pork, chopped beef brisket & Ribs. Holy cow, you guys. Go to Ocala and see for yourself! We choice mac and cheese, and corn on the cob as our two sides, and jalapeno cornbread hoecakes (instead of garlic toast)...we went two weeks ago, and I am still dreaming of hoecakes (things I never thought I'd say in my life. I digress). Everything was generous in size, and HUGE in smoky flavor. Service was also wonderful.
Sooooo gooood! We where a group of six and everybody really enjoyed there lunch. The meat was very tender and delicious. The portions where generous and the staff was very nice.
Our fav!  Our family took a two week road trip through the Deep South and since we all love BBQ, we ended up here on our final of 22 BBQ stops. Yes, we know that sounds crazy but we actually enjoyed our BBQ tour. As we neared home to Tampa, we decided we had one final BBQ stop in us and thank goodness we voted that was because Homewood BBQ was one of our very favorite spots. The pulled pork was delicious, the ribs were crispy and flavorful,  and the turkey was fresh and tasty.  Brisket was a hit, too, and as hard as it is, it's moist and zingy.  The sauces are amazing--the spicy has great flavor and the sweet is perfectly sweet. As great as the meats are, the true testament to a BBQ joint are the sides. EVERY single one of the sides here memorable. The beans--awesome--tangy and unique. The hoecakes--seriously--no words. The fresh slaw--such a refreshing take on the usually boring cabbage.  The mac and cheese is even better than one would hope, as its a full-flavor, hearty pasta side. We drive to Gainesville from Tampa for every Gator home game. Now, our routine involves  picking up our tailgating supplies from Homewood.  They have our order ready, set with utensils and wet naps.  Perfect start to the day of football (and after the season we are having, our meal is really the highlight of our day haha). Thank you, Homewood. We are your biggest fans.
Excellent. I had the Pulled Pork meal. Meat was cooked perfectly.  Very good value for the meal. As I was finishing my delicious meal I was reading other Yelp reviews, and noticed all of the terrific reviews on the ribs. I live 90 minutes away and only travel to this area once a month, so I did want to miss anything and ordered a 1/2 rack. Now I'm really full but the ribs were unbelievably good.  Just like others had mentioned in their reviews. So order the RIBS.
Simply one of the BEST non chain BBQ joints I have been to in a long, long time. Staff and Food both great!!!
First impressions make all the difference. Unfortunately when you first enter, you see the cashier w/a blank wall in back of her. No photos, no menu board at all. You must take a take out menu and stand there reading the extensive list while you're standing at the front door. Maybe if there were less items you wouldn't have to stand there so long. It's a semi self serve so once you pay and fill your beverage you take a seat and someone will bring your food out to you. Except for condiments, the table are void of anything...no tents or utensils. It was a bit uncomfortable to look around and see employees sitting at many of the other tables conversing or eating. As w/all the other BBQ joints, you have your choice of sweet, mild or hot sauce. Be fore warned that the sweet is not a southern sweet but rather a Carolina sweet. It'll leave a vinegary after bite.The food was good but nothing any different from any other bar b cue restaurant. In fact, the pork sandwich was okay but the brisket was partially raw. The prices were just a wee bit high compared to others. A plus is that the employees knew their menu items pretty well. Current health inspection: 0-high priority, 1-intermidate & 0-basic violations.
Great Ribs! We stopped in for lunch and had the pulled pork and rib dinners. The ribs were meaty and the pulled pork was perfect. They were both served hot and sauce-less. The three sauces were on the table (sweet, mild, and hot) and allow the customer to put on as much or little as they want. I love BBQ places that serve steak fries like this one! The coleslaw and baked beans were so good, we bought some to go. And the Texas toast was served with cinnamon butter was the right choice today. The place was clean and perfect for a family night out. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.
Great food. Definitely top-notch BBQ. Amazing sides. Staff is pretty terrible though. Constantly fighting and never clear on where to take food. Order take out and cross your fingers.
Tender, moist flavorful pork and brisket, tender and moist chicken, great fried okra and slaw, good mac n cheese.  Great service with a smile. Review the online menu to speed up your order as you walk in. Dave was courteous. First time there and ordered more to go.
Honestly, the best BBQ I've ever had!  The ribs fell right off the bone.   It was almost a sin to put any sauce on them at all.  The sauce was runny, obviously by design, because it just soaks into the meat.  Just fantastic.  We, unfortunately,  came on a busy evening (first gators game) so there were no wings but we'd love to try them next time.  They're new so I'll cut them a break and the quality of the BBQ far surpassed our expectations so they still get 5 stars!
Amazing new BBQ place in Ocala!!!! Finally! what this side of town needed! Great family style/family run BBQ restaurant,  great atmosphere. ... delicious BBQ .... and oh so friendly service! Can't say enough about this place except .. you must GO!! Brisket is amazing, and the burgers are a triple blend.... 'nuff said :)
Awesome new family-owned BBQ restaurant in Ocala! Casual dining- you walk in, order at a counter and have a seat. The meat is all cooked with a rub,not with sauce, but it doesn't need it- it's tender and good just by itself! Sauces are great with a little bit of a kick. The menu options are good too- there's something for everyone! Burgers and brisket are great, sides were good- not your usual mushy BBQ sides. (Only ordered that this time- will be getting ribs and other options next time!) Definitely recommend Hardwood Smokehouse for a casual meal.
Really good meats. My wife and I got the sampler for $16 and the meat was so good I was hesitant to use any BBQ sauce. Friendly staff. I am eating here instead of sonnys from now on. Also nice that it's self serve so you don't have to pay extra for tip.
Opened July 2014 in the Publix Shopping Center (HeathBrook Plaza). MUCH better then Sonny's. You REALLY need to try it out.
