I'm barely 5"1, and I can only shop in stores that have petite sections; otherwise, the proportions are off. I was astounded at the size of the petite section at the Macy's at the Boulevard Mall. It wasn't just a corner of the store, as it is in so many others, but was about three large sections. At first glance, I was afraid that the clothes were too old-fashioned, but as I went through the racks, I found that there were some more classic styles spread throughout. I left with about seven new garments. I am very picky about what clothes I buy. I need to make sure that the color and fit are right. So that I was able to find seven garments says something about the selection that they offer. As long as they continue to stock items for petites, I'll be coming back!
According to the Goo Goo Dolls, it always rains like hell on the Macy's Day Parade. Niagara Falls Blvd is dark tonight. A little bit weaker than it used to be. See the young girl shopping in the old lady's store. Waiting for her turn to try. (on a pair of capris). I know a lot of people love Macy's, but I went in here looking like I'd just rolled out of bed, trying to buy a last minute gift for someone that loves Macy's, and maybe it was the fact that I looked so out of it, or the fact that I told her I had a Macy's gift card (i.e. I wouldn't be spending any new money in the store), but the assistant lady treated me like absolute crap in my opinion. Couldn't be bothered to deal with me, and sneered at me and even a couple of disparaging remarks. However the gift went down very well so I guess that is what matters in the end.
There are a few occasions when I leave a store and write myself a reminder to go home and fill out an online customer service survey to praise the service I received. I've done this twice now for employees at this Macy's location.   Someone is doing their job right at this store when it comes to hiring and training their employees. I regularly shop here and have yet to have a bad experience. I am always greeted within minutes of walking into each department, in addition to having someone occasionally check up on me if I need help. Numerous times, when at the register, I've been asked if I had a coupon and I've had to respond that I did not receive one or had left it at home. In each of these instances, the employee has taken the time to track down a coupon for me and/or give me some other discount. Something so simple, yet, totally unnecessary. It's those little things that keep bringing me back to Macy's. The staff is friendly, helpful, and goes above and beyond for their customers. Great location to shop at!
My best friend purchased 4 place settings of my daughters good china.  Since she lives in Atlanta and the wedding is in Buffalo, I suggested that she return the place settings and have them send it, as I had done (with all of her shower gifts) at the Boulevard Mall.  Eastern Hills Mall also told me that they would accommodate a similar request(allow me to return the gift so it can be sent by Macy's).  She asked the McKinley Mall to do this and they said 'it is not their policy'.  How could Macy's have different policies in different stores in the same area???   I wish someone could provide the "Macy's policy".  Maybe it is not as good as I provided earlier. Perhaps I just got a good wedding planner to do this and the one at McKinley Mall is not so good......
