Carmine's in Ocala was fabulous!  The bread and pesto were some of the best I've had, but, I hope you like garlic because you will definitely need to get out the breath mints! The lasagna was truly an authentic Italian dish, lots of filling between homemade pasta. If you leave the table hungry, you eat too much!  Nice atmosphere. It's located in a small stripmall, remember the best food is usually off the beaten path.  I would definitely return if I lived there!
My husband and I were traveling from NY to Fl and were traveling thru Ocala so I yelped for a nearby restaurant . So happy that we went out of our way to find Carmine's . It lived up to its reviews and more. The Calamari appetizer was tender and delicious. My chicken parm was sooo good and a huge portion. My husband ordered seafood over linguini and he liked it so much . We eat out often and in really nice places so we know good food. The sauces were delicious. The reviewer who said the wine was poured well wasn't lying , it was filled to the top. The service was friendly and attentive. Just wished this place was near where we live.
I am going to round up here because it was excellent for it's location. This is the sort of place that Yelp is supposed to help us find and so rarely does. If you are passing through town on the way to Disney with the family, you should stop in. The pasta was excellent, the service was attentive and friendly and the wine pours were generous. Just what you need after a long day in the car. Way better than chain restaurants we were expecting while on our road trip.
Once again we ate at Carmine's.  Everything about this is what you look for in a restaurant.  They remember you, the wine pour is very generous, the food is AWESOME,  and everyone is friendly.  It makes us feel we are at home.  Why would we go anywhere else for Italian!? We called late on a Sunday eve to ask if we could still come and were greeted by Angelo (owner) who was as cordial as possible telling us to come on in.  Never rushed! Only treated as old friends.  WE LOVE THIS PLACE!
Good service..  Nice silverware and glasses.      Mediocre food quality... Maybe the cook had an off night, but we were so unimpressed we won't give him another chance.
Food is comparable or better than what we had in Italy!  Appears to be a fav for Ocala locals, which says alot. Great garlic, bread, pasta and a very generous "pour" of good wine.  Doesn't look like much on outside, but charming and intimate on inside...great service, too.... well worth it!
Love to go here, when we come down from New Jersey.  It's in a small strip mall , across from the "Pine Run" community. The food never disappoints. Service is attentive also. I had their Grouper Livornese with black olives, served  with linguine and a friend who says he always eats there, had the Grouper Franchese. Both were excellent. They do have a very varied menu which includes veal, chicken and pasta for dinner choices. Appertizers. salads and desserts also.
Excellent!   You will not leave hungry.   Wonderful grouper.  Excellent service.  Don't let the outside deter you.  Well worth the visit!
Don't let the outside appearance put you off. Unfortunately located in a strip mall but once you walk in you realize a lot of effort has gone into making a nice atmosphere. Nicely set up with cloth napkins,decent silverware and glassware. Friendly staff.  Enjoyed the lunch lasagna.  Large portion for reasonable price.   PS:  They pour a large glass of wine.
Loved this place! I went with my family for a belated birthday. It may not appear too elegant, but the food can compete with any Italian cuisine around. We were treated like family as soon as we walked through the door. We were promptly seated and served homemade bread with garlic and herb dipping oil. We ordered salmon and beef carpaccio, spaghetti aloe vongole, veal marsala, salmon francese, chicken and sausage penne with basil and pesto, and spaghetti with meatballs. Everyone loved their dish, and the only issue we had was finishing them. However we couldn't resist ordering the creme brulee and tiramisu for dessert, and we were so glad we did! Definitely recommend this place for any occasion.
A great little place... Say HI to Angelo.... Food is supper good... Could be a bit slow .... But it is worth it... believe me..!  They give you a REAL glass of wine. Try it, you'll like it ...!!!
It's the only Italian restaurant that reminds me and my family of New York .....Angelo is the greatest .....we also love the ability to take out.....Angelo will make you feel like your home....warm and friendly like the way I grew up....this atmosphere is much needed in this town.....mangiare bene
Amazing food! Beautiful interior!  Fantastic service! Try the Carpaccio :) This has become My wife's favorite restaurant in all of Ocala, and I have to agree!  Everything about this place screams at your senses, whether it be the amazing and affordable wine selection that pairs perfectly with everything on the menu, or the management who effortlessly go out of their way to make your dining experience memorable.  Truly a rare gem to be found in Ocala!!! Don't mind the outdoor decor .. It is beautiful on the inside!!!!
Met friends on Saturday evening for dinner. Luckily we were with these friends because they explained the service was usually good. We waited an unbelievably long time for our salads, let alone our food. If it wasn't for them, my husband and I would have left. I'm glad we stuck it out because my meal was delicious. I ordered the grouper with angel hair pasta (which I believe was a special) and my husband ordered the chicken scarpariello and we both enjoyed every bite. Food was great; service was horrible but from what we were told that is not usual. We'll definitely be back and hopefully our experience will be better. Food earned the rating.
