If I could give this place 6 stars I would.  Jamie and Susan (the owners) are amazing people.  Totally down to earth and approachable.  I got really into hot yoga going here and when I went in other city I could barely stand it.  this place allows you to open your heart and lungs, get warm, get a workout and release all of the stuff you hold on to. EVERYONE should go! YAY PYB!
I suppose I've become a yoga snob (isn't that an oxymoron?) having lived and practiced in the Pittsburgh area for 5 years. I was very excited to find Buffalo Power Yoga on Yelp while I was visiting my parents. The website is beautifully done explaining it is a Baptiste style studio (my favorite), so I was super excited to try this place. The experience was just... blah. Full of super young girls (not that there's anything wrong with that, I'd like to consider myself still to be a "young" girl at the age of 29) who were packed into an extremely small studio. I think the low ceiling height was the biggest negative in terms of atmosphere. Additionally, I don't know how this is considered "hot" yoga when the thermostat was only kept at 85 degrees! I guess I'm just used to 92-95 degrees plus humidifiers galore for a true hot yoga experience. The instructor was obviously knowledgeable and advanced in her studies, but I didn't feel any kind of connection or sense that she was passionate about teaching to others. Just my humble opinion, but it seemed as if she was more interested in prancing around the room, ego in full bloom.
This is a hot yoga studio that teaches Baptiste power vinyasa flow.  I love this style of yoga!  It is a vigorous workout that also gives you the benefits of meditation.  This studio is a wonderful addition to the yoga offerings in Buffalo.  I believe this is the only one that offers Baptiste power yoga, which is different than the Bikram-style hot yoga taught at other places.   The teachers are great.  They have a nice mix of humor, playfulness, and spiritualism.  They are challenging without being too aggressive.  They give really good instruction and adjustments, and help to create great energy in the room.     I would have given them 5 stars, but there are a few problems with their current physical space.  They are becoming more popular so it is extremely crowded.  They don't have a separate entrance area so you have to wait outside before class starts.  The heater is really noisy and very humid.  Parking can be a little tight.   The good news is that they are planning to move to another studio within walking distance in late February/early March.  The new studio will be four times larger and has a separate entrance area.  They are also customizing the heating system so they can better control the humidity.  I'm really looking forward to the new space and seeing them grow their business.  I will update my review when they move to the new space.     I'm so excited to have found this place.  The introductory offer gives new students 10 days of unlimited yoga for $20.  You should check them out!  Namaste. :)
Jamie and Susan have created an amazing and inspiring Yoga space for the community. It's the teacher that really makes the class, and all the instructors at Power Yoga Buffalo bring an energizing, positive, and life-affirming attitude every time I practice there. To be clear, this isn't a relaxing style of Yoga. Baptiste Power Yoga is a vigorous work-out in a hot room, so be prepared to sweat a bucket. Don't forget your water and towel(s)! That said, the instructors cue for modifications that are appropriate even for beginners. Assistants are sometimes available in class to aid in asana adjustments. The flow usually consists of a mix of sun-salutations and variations, arm-balances, inversions (headstand,handstand are offered), back-bending, and seated stretching asanas. Their new location features a larger and more luxurious space than their previous location including 2 beautiful new bathrooms. Towels are offered free of charge and mats rentals and water are available for purchase. There is plenty of parking available in the lot. This is a great space and I've really enjoyed practicing here. Highly recommended! Namaste!
This is where you find your inner peace at!! The teachers are amazing and the way they encourage you to move your body with your breaths is just out of this world. The end is the best-you just lay there and breathe to the sound of Coldplay or any other peaceful kind of music and your body just becomes numb as you absorb the hard work in your yoga practice that day... & when you come out of it you slowly wiggle your fingers and toes and before you know it your whole day is just at ease and everything seems so so much more refreshing.  I love PYB try it out!! I won't go to another yoga studio after this--I swear! & yes I have just to see the difference (like Evolution) and I still believe the teachers and the ambiance I get from PYB is the absoluteeeee besttttt!!!!!!
The guts: I have been to many studios, over many years, with many different teachers. No doubt, this studio and style of yoga has captured my attention and ceased my desire to seek out new studios. My husband actually was the one who was inspired by one of the owners, Susan, to try yoga himself for the first time ever. He was overcome with her patient, gentle demeanor while shopping one day, saying she was "the most pleasant unpretentious person" he's met and wanted to check out her class. So we did. I should mention this was a few years ago before "Power Yoga Buffalo" opened. She and Jamie (other owner), continued to educate and inspire us so much that we (mostly me) followed them through three departed studio locations before arriving at the current location. They have always taken care to make everyone feel welcome, they consistently remind students that we are all beginners and to take your practice at your own pace, all the while they are there to help you advance in your path. PYB now offers a variety of class levels and time slots to suit any student. I love the 40 Days to Personal Revolution where you may begin a journey of self exploration and slowly learn how to step by step make physical and emotional changes through practice, meditation, and nutrition. They also offer a New to Baptiste Power Yoga, where you are carefully shown postures with proper alignment, a series I think useful for anyone, be it your first class or your thousandth. The vessel: The new PYB location sits on the second floor of an unassuming building tucked behind a doctors office off Main Street. What I think is the best part of the rather large open space is the windows on the north and south sides of the studio coupled with raw wooden posts speckled through the floor. Sometimes I gaze out the window during one of those ridiculously long poses and try to imagine I'm practicing in a sort of tree fort among the canopy. Now, if you look up, you will find a not so organic stainless ceiling with little nail holes, tiny copper wires, footprints, hand prints, and all kinds of other little gems to entertain (clearly I need more practice on focus!).  The floor is wood (real maybe?) which I love, I am adamantly opposed to yoga, especially hot sweaty yoga, on a rug...yuck. Cost: You're barking up the wrong tree here if you want to complain about the 'cost' of any exercise to me. So, yes, worth every penny. There are so many instructors and I have grown to love them each differently, be cause they all have something different to offer if your open and willing. The hours are flexible, the parking is ample. Be warned, it is hot, it is difficult, it is addictive. Addictive because it, makes you feel strong and it makes you feel good.
Let me start this review by saying I have never been to a yoga class and can't stand being hot.  With that being said, I have to give this studio 5 stars!  I did an intro series of 3 Sundays for beginners then signed up for the 10 days unlimited for $20.00 in this 90 degree studio - yes 90 degrees.  I am hooked - the teachers were all (I think I had all of them in various classes) were accommodating and patient with me.  I did advise them, as instructed to, to let them know I was a beginner and they made modifications with every pose they did.  The heat didn't bother me; in fact it felt good.  I will be trying other yoga studios in the area but this will be hard to beat!
First and foremost I'm a beginner. The biggest barrier to me starting yoga is that I would pretty much make a fool of myself in front of 20 women in 90 degree heat. I did the beginner 3 Sunday class and I have to say the instructors did an INCREDIBLE job. I'm no athlete by any measure and they instilled a level on confidence in no time. Very pleased and I'll be back.
Thank you Susan and Jamie for providing the best yoga I have ever experienced in a safe and friendly community.  I have practiced yoga all over the world and must admit that PYB tops my list in all respects....starting with the two of you!  I can't thank you enough for providing so much to the Buffalo community and helping us, your students, take our predefined limitations to the edge and well beyond.  Namaste...and then some.
