A long time staple with prime real estate on Silver Springs Blvd. Service was okay, place is very clean and the cheeseburger platter I had was remarkably tasty. Not only was it tasty but it was a decent size. If the server asks how you'd like it cooked, then you know you're about to get a good chunk of meat. It came w/steak fries, a tiny amount of slaw and a dill spear. Fortunate for me I had a $3.99 coupon. Woo Hoo! They also have daily lunch specials from 11-2 that are reasonably priced. Two major negatives: the noise from the bar can be loud at times and you are to seat yourself when you enter. Problem with that is no one came to give me a menu! Current health inspection: 0 violations
...dude in cowboy hat does Garth Brooks, "Thunder Rolls"... Guy with goatee: "Hey, how you've been?" Guy with earring: "Good, good how 'bout yourself?" GWG: "Doin' alright, you working tomorrow?" GWE: "Yeah, just a half day though.  Not too bad." GWG: "Oh that's good. I have tomorrow off but I'm working Sunday, so..." *monster truck interlude on TV screen - sunday, Sunday, SUNDAY!* ...chick does decent rendition of Celine Dion, some sort of unidentfiable ballad... Bartendress: "Another jack and coke for you, hun?" Me: "Yes, please..." Bartendress: "That'll be $5.50...thank you!" *Pinball break* ...dude not wearing a cowboy hat does Journey, "Faithfully"... *thinks to self "They have food here?!?  And there's a Dunkin Donuts down the street?? A 5-minute walk from my Dad's???? Where have you been the last 3 days when I nearly ripped my hair out from boredom after 10pm???"* Didn't try the food, but I did sample the scenery, and I liked it. Just a regular bar & grill with karaoke, outdoor seating/smoking area and both a claw machine and a pinball machine to waste money in.  Nice people, friendly bartenders, and an appreciated tendency to replace melted ice from the previous drink with not more ice, but more booze.  Overall, a nice surprise in a town full of dollar stores, fast food chains and Wal-Marts (I'm not knocking Ocala, just saying is all).
Went there today for lunch. My wife had the cheseburger platter. She said it was flavorful and cooked the way she requested. I had a chicken philly. But had a hard time finding any chicken. It was a cold day outside and just as cold inside. Server said heat was on but we froze.
This place gone downhill since my review almost three years ago!  Friends and I have gone several times since then, and observed the quality of everything decrease with each visit. First, they eliminated the rolls that came with the dinners; those were always good.  Then, they did away with the salad that came with the dinners!  So let's say you order a steak dinner (don't, because the steaks have gotten awful); all you now get for $18 is a sub-standard steak and a potato, nothing else.  No, thanks.  Next, they got rid of the delicious and popular raspberry sauce for the corn nuggets; that's been replaced by this hideous gelatin-like sauce with little chunks of unknown product in it.   Check out a couple of the filtered reviews for more details on the food as of late. The mixed drinks are still delicious and strong, though.  At least the liquor is great there!  And I've always had great service there, too.  Those are two and only two strongpoints. The dining area, which used to be packed and somewhat boisterous with fun people just having a good time hanging out, is a ghost town day and night; very few diners.  The inside bar area, which used to also be full, is not as lively as it used to be, either.  Just a handful of single guys (an Ocala staple) sitting at the bar, watching TV.  Charlie Horse invested in this large, screened-in outside bar area and all of the focus is now on that alone.  They play live music out there at night (about as sub-standard as the steaks and corn nugget sauce) and loads of bikers and their wives/girlfriends sit out there and drink and smoke and yell and curse all night. So basically Charlie Horse has become a biker bar and a hang-out joint for the riff-raff of Ocala.  The good part is that Ocala/Marion County is packed to the brim with seedy people 21 to 50, so this place will remain open and flourish.  But it won't have me or my friends as long-time regulars anymore.
Decent food, better night life. Fun bar after 10 in ocala
This place is kind of nice, its clean and its just an average diner. Its a nice long walk from my house and its a nice quiet place to relax during the day. I had the burger and fries nothing special but it tasted better than I had expected.
NASTY FOOD, POOR VALUE....We had the Sunday special so-called 'sirloin tips'.  This meal was not just forgettable or bad, but actually horrible/NASTY!  The 5 or 6 cut cubes of meat had been dredged in flour then browned...as in preperation for beef stew. Result was a sticky, slimy gooey mess with a sort of grey jellied interior...like some sort of a jellied meat product.  Beyond bad.  The 'grilled onions & peppers' offered to go with were cooked to mush and swimmming in a reddish grease.  Unedible.  There is simply NO EXCUSE for putting swill like we were served before an actual paying customer!  No wonder we were the only ones in the 'dining' room on Sunday evening!  This joint is a bar pretending to be a restaurant.  Horrible, HORRIBLE!  On top of it all, they charged us $2.29 for a lukewarm cup of bad diner grade coffee!  A bad rip-off.  DON'T GO THERE!!!!
