The Ocala Mall Average mall, average stores, average amount of people... Odd enough, I nearly never go! I hate malls. I don't find this place appealing at all. You have people in the middle of the mall constantly hawking things at you, "Hey, try this..." "Hey, come put this cream on..." "Do you want some of this..." No... I just want to go to Claire's... I think I am actually going to start getting my items on-line. Actually, I like the mall for some of the stores, but the pricing in the stores cannot compete with the pricing on-line and I feel really sorry that the stores having to up-price to make rent and compete. The mall itself is clean and kept up. It's not run down... There are a lot of Tweens around and I do see some homeless people in the mall walking around which is kind of distracting for me because I want to help them and offer them some food. My kids like to look at them and ask questions, so I find myself engaging in topics that aren't "mall-ready" topics... If you want something "In and out.." Go on-line find what you want... Go in to that store from the outside of it and then get out. That's my advice... I wouldn't want to walk the mall. That's not my "thang..." but then, I am not a tween anymore... Not a young chicken anymore. Simmons Family #PostingDiva @PostingDiva on Twitter
This mall joins the ranks of Fashion Square Mall in Orlando and the West Oaks Mall in Ocoee. It's depressing when you see a mall this empty and with such limited stores. The food court, if you can call it that, offers very limited dining options. They have a Chick Fil A, Villa's Pizza, a Chinese place and Charley's Steak Sandwiches. Paddock has 4 department stores which include Macy's, JcPenney, Sears and Belk. What they do have a lot of are massage chairs and those are located throughout the mall. For $1.00, you get a 3 minute so called massage and if you continue to sit in the chair after the massage is done, a computer voice tells you to deposit more money or leave. They are also many couches and lounge chairs throughout this empty mall in case you get bored of walking around.
Back in the day, Paddock Mall was "the" place to shop in Ocala and for a long time it was the only game in town.   But to paraphrase the late Ted Geisel, aka Doctor Seuss: I do not like this Mall, I do not like it one bit; I do not like green eggs and ham. I do not like them, Sam-I-am. Since Dillard's moved out and up the road three miles to Market Street, Paddock has lost some of its luster. Mind you, it's not run down. It's a Norton Property and they tend to keep things clean and spiffy.   But the stores we tend to shop in, aren't here. No Dillard's, Old Navy, Ulta, Panera's Soups and Sandwiches, DSW, JOS Bank, Mimi's French Bakery, or Barnes and Noble, etc. Sorry!
Oh my glob, I went to purchase a bra from Victoria's Secret. They have four fitting rooms and I don't know if they all have portals to Narnia or something because it took such a long time... Maybe that's Victoria's Secret, her waiting rooms are actually a secret portal to go visit asland and the white witch. What if Victoria is actually the white witch? As I ponder all of these thoughts, the girl in front of me comes out of the changing room. Happy that it's my turn to find the portal, I look around and cannot find it anywhere. Where is Victoria hiding this secret of hers?
This is a pretty average sized mall.  Pretty much it if you're looking for a mall in Ocala.  It has all your usual mall stores... JC Penney, Belk, Victoria's Secret, Bed Bath & Body Works... you get the picture. It does seem a little dated though.  Most of the stores seem like they are on the verge of going out of business (which might be the truth based on the way the economy is right now...), and it's just a depressing place to go shopping. It has a pretty weak food court and no other restaurants dispersed throughout the mall.   All in all... I'm kinda EHH about this place.  I only head here when there's a specific need to go to one of the stores that are only available at the mall!
Pretty basic mall.  They still don't have some basic stores found in average malls.  Always clean and never overcrowded.
The best place for a full set!1 good service!
Another ho-hum mall.  I'm surprised that there's no huge malls around here.  Guess that's what Super Wal-Mart is for.  This place seems to have less selection than The Oaks Mall, but at the same time at the moment there's not a whole lot of boarded up spots like in The Oaks (+1 star for appearance), and the stores they do have are a little more interesting shops than The Oaks.  Food court looked okay.  Not a bad place I guess.
This is the second closest mall to me and is three times the mall in Leesburg, so for location, it's great!!
This isnt much of a mall, but it is a good place to waste time,
I agree with Dana H.: this mall is a little depressing to shop in. But only because its quite small and there aren't that many stores and yes  the food court is very tiny. But I've also been spoiled by the malls in Miami. What it does have though are the basic department stores including, Macys, JCPenny, Belk and Sears. There is also Victoria's Secret, American Eagle Outfitters, Aeropostale and Hollister which is fine for the average teen. So although it's small it has the basics which I figure is fine for most people but I would definitely hit up Oaks Mall in Gainesville for real shopping.
