Amazing!!! The guides were wonderful and hilarious Becky and Tyler! We had so much fun and they made us feel so safe!! Worth every penny! I can't wait to go back!!
The Canyons were a wonderful experience my boyfriend and I endeavored this past summer. We had a wonderful team help us through our journey in the canyons of Ocala, Florida. I have been once before but it was my boyfriends first time. It was definitely an adventure I will never forget! I highly recommend for anyone traveling into the area to take the time to visit them to make your own adventure and memories! Check out my Blog where I shared my full experience and my adventurous story I shared with everyone! palmbeachsouthernstyle.w…
Wow!  We had a great time.   My son and I are afraid of heights but Matt and Kevin certainly helped us overcome that.   Anyone  who comes to Florida or lives there has to try this.  We are already talking about doing it again next year!
Amazing experience. Took my 10 year old and felt extremely safe with Craig and Jose our guides.  Very beautiful views and definitely something unique. Didn't give it 5 stars due to the price. Definitely on the expensive side especially since for the price you can spend an entire day at a theme park.
Fantastic company, suuuuper fun experience.  So glad I tried this!  This was my first time ziplining, and I can't wait to do it again!  The guides are funny and cool, but they also really know their stuff and are great at teaching you what to do.  Our guides were Rich, John, and Jose "the Mexican" (he's really Cuban), and all of them were awesome.  My friend and I drove out here from Gainesville, and we lucked out- we were in a small group of just 4 people, so we literally flew through the trees!  The views are beautiful, so definitely bring a camera with you-- I zipped through the trees and over water with my DSLR without any problems (just make sure your camera strap is on securely)!  You will want to have nice photos of this memorable experience!  I loved zipping over the water and seeing the long expanses of trees that seemed to stretch on and on forever... They have a cool offer going that if you zip 3 times with them, your 4th zip is free!  You also get a fun little completion certificate at the end.  You need to be 10 years old and 70 lbs minimum to zip.  It's easy to find, parking's no problem at all, and even if you have friends who aren't interested in ziplining, they also have horseback riding, or they could just have a nice, leisurely picnic behind the building on the picnic benches.  It was totally worth the drive and the money to do this- they are continuing to expand and set up more ziplines, and I would love to come back and do it again!
I recently went here on my birthday with my sister.  We went on the 8:00 a.m. tour and it ended up only being the two of us, so the tour only lasted about an hour and a half since we didn't have to wait for a a big group to complete all of the zips. The tour guides were funny and had a dry sense of humor (which we're used to since our dad is exactly the same way) so while others might not have found them funny, we did.   The scenery here is by far the best I've seen in Florida.  The zip lines were put through out old limestone mines that were blown up back in the 1920's and 1960's.  So there are cliffs of rock everywhere and large lakes to zip over.  In the morning they're very calm with the sun shining down on them so you can see the reflection of all the trees and rocks which is really cool since it's almost mountain like and you certainly don't see that in Florida... The zips are a lot of fun.  There are 9 zips, 3 bridges and a rapel.  The zip that goes over the lake is 1,100 feet long and you get up to speed of about 40mph.  It was awesome and by far the coolest zip there and the most scenic.  Unfortunately, the super zip (1,600 ft. long zip where you lay on your stomach and fly through the air like Superman) was closed the day I went, but the manager gave us certificates to ride it for free the next time we come which was extremely nice. I would recommend this place to other people.  The only down side is that it's an hour and 20 minutes away from where I live, so it's a bit of a trek.
Awesome, awesomeness, awesomely good time. Okay, so how many times can one say awesome? Lol. All kidding aside. I had a fantastic time on my day adventure at the Canyons. What an amazing property and an amazing experience. Zipping was on my bucket list and was amazed to find out last summer that they had a place in Central Florida. I did not have an appointment so I walked in to inquire if I could join a tour later that day. I signed up for the tour starting ten minutes after I go there. lol- I was a little nervous at first but no need really. They will show you everything you need to know, the safety is firsthand, ( Alex is a Fireman) and it is not that hard. I was the oldest one there but I managed just fine. They said they get elderly people there at times too so do not be afraid if you are not a super hiker. If you are shy about it shrug it off and go zipping! They are extremely patient. I would suggest you be in somewhat reasonable shape. You have to climb some stairs and hike a little bit in the woods. My group was very tolerable with me on that. In fact I got scolded for trying to duck under one of the cables. I got set straight pretty quick on safety first. Alex and Laura were our guides. They were both so amazing! They took great care of everyone. Believe you me safety is a big priority here. I am not afraid to daredevil it up a little at times and I was not scared. I did have trouble learning the ropes (so to speak, pun intended--;o)--) but really it is no big deal. I never got the breaking down exactly as it was suppose to be but it didn't really matter. I never got stuck more than a few feet from the platform for self correct. (they teach you how and it is easy) If for some reason you could not do that, Alex and Laura were there to help throw out a line to all every time.They had some great stories on what they have to go through to train so no worries from me. I did three of the nine well and the others I braked a bit short. I guess I value that brake stop a little too hard. Brawhaha! ( Self survival skills are alive and well in me I suppose and I sure lost the "Best Style" award) Of course Alex mercifully teased me throughout. You do get some funny jokes on the tour at no extra charge. I enjoyed the corny jokes and the names of the Zip-Lines. ( "Hoot, hoot," "Heehaw," sorry you will have to go to get an explanation on that)   Afterwards, I paid extra to do the Super Zip ride which is super fast, super fun, and super weird. You are actually hooked up to a cable in a lying down position. You go flying through the air, AKA "Peter Pan" style. I will have to go back. My contact folded over halfway across the canyon so my vision blurred. I also found the end braking more jarring then I thought. So heads up on that break. I do not remember the name of the man who hooked me up ( Shawn maybe? ) but he was super nice. (works at the Harley shop) very personable and very kind. Also, you have to climb up 88 steps or so to go on Super Zip and I was pretty slow. Again, patience seems to be abound at the Canyons. They also provide Horseback riding, a covered wagon tour, and will be adding caving and some other extra fun things. I guess one is a secret for now. ( I wonder if it is bungee jumping off that really high cell phone tower on their property-lol) I sure do look forward to visiting more often. Note to self, If you take two or three tours you can get one free.   The only negative I guess might be the price for some people with larger families. I spent some serious cash yesterday because I obviously had to add Super Zip, get the pictures, and shop in the gift shop. My only suggestion would be to do a Groupon, AAA rate, or a coupon. However, I am guessing they have more than enough business now as it is. In conclusion, this was a most awesome day! (Again with the word awesome?  My students are rubbing off on me) I have already framed my certificate that they gave me when we finished. The Girl Scout cookies for sale in the gift shop helped me to keep that smile on my face on the way out the door. Until next time Canyons, "Happy Trails!
I cannot speak highly enough of this zip line tour.  My sister-in-law and I were first-timers and in the hands of Jonathan and Dylan we felt 100% safe and thoroughly entertained. We were in a group of 7 + the 2 guides.  The guides did an excellent job helping us into our equipment, with lots of tips and pointers.  We then practiced on a baby zip line to get the basics down, and then we were off! This course includes 9 zips of varying lengths, with the larges one over 1100 feet long over a lake.  The guides were eager to point out flora and fauna of interest.  And even though they probably tell the same jokes 3x a day over and over, they made the humor feel fresh and kept us laughing. Safety is of upmost importance to this company.  We were always secured by at least one safety line.  3 times throughout the course they did a full equipment check on each person.  You could hear them verbally double-checking equipment along the way.   In closing, this is the company for you.  They'll even give you a "helpful" push when you're taking too many nervous deep breaths before the plunge.  (Trust me on this one)
Wow! 9 zips with some over water and cliffside.  The guides were great.  Futch and Skip were super knowledgeable and our entire group of 9 (me and 8 seniors) felt totally safe and comfortable throughout the entire tour. It was the first time for 7 of us, but the consensus from the experienced people around the campus was that the length, speed and safety of The Canyons beats any of the others they have tried all over the world. We got a $74 rate since we had nine people. ($15 savings)  That's is awesome, but there was a lot of waiting around since 9 people had to get prepped and zip every time.  Just a fact to keep in mind if you are impatient.  We had all the time in the world, so we enjoyed all the entertainment and scenery. We also bought the cd of photos for $40.  They took over 100 photos of us and they were well shot and worth the money.  You can also share or pass the cd around if you have a group. Clean, well-operated, nice, environmentally friendly, safe, fun and memorable.  I will definitely return!
This place was great and the guides were knowledgeable and entertaining.  This was our first time ever doing a zip line tour but we cannot wait to go back.  It was not crowded the day we went but would suggest making reservations on the weekend.
Horseback riding!! One of the most beautiful rides I have ever been on. Myself a longtime horse owner and my 12 yr old niece had just the right horses for each of us. Riding through the "canyons" that were dug out in the 1920s is like leaving Florida and heading out west. Beautiful lakes, canyons, hills. Horses are very well mannered, but not barn sour. Peggy and her husband Bill run the stables and are great. Oh and I forgot the wagon ride to the stable, pulled by two very handsome draft horses! The perfect package!
It was fun with beautiful views, but it was way over priced for what it was. The guides were funny and knowledgeable. It was about 2 and a half hours and you zip for maybe a total of 15 minutes. If you want the pictures it's another 40 dollars, so I suggest you bring a jacket with zippered pockets an take your own!!
