After a 3 month search I found this place, they have Great costumer service! Love my nails done by Anna.  They also speak spanish. If you are looking for some great nails this is your place
Awful customer service! If you're looking for a professional tanning salon with professional staff go to usatan! Wrong hours posted online and on their website! They close early often... I spoke with management assuming they would be reasonable and accommodating but to my surprise they were sarcastic and down right rude! Definitely shouldn't treat people that way if you're looking to stay in business long.
Can I pack up this place and bring it home with me? Best Pedicure and brow waxing ever and at a reasonable price. Phoenix has horrid shops. This place is great. Anna was wonderful. The only person who has ever been able to give me a pedicure where I could stand it, did not get cut or hurt, and was not tickled to death. lol.
A great establishment and staff. Having pedicure and manicure done. Little Milly is a great tech and we will be back. Great staff and great Caribbean music.
I tried the salon again after they had a groupon offer and noticed different management. They are friendly as I come and go from tanning which is a total change from previous management. My only complaint is that on any given day they close 10-30 minutes early! Without warning! The hours of operation are kind of stinky already - for working folk anyway. My groupon allows for a month of unlimited tanning and 3 times now I've drove out of my way to tan after work just to have the door locked with plenty of people inside shaking their head no, we're closed at 6:40 when the sign clearly states 7:00 on Thursdays.
Love, love, love this place for nails. The owner and staff or both professional and friendly. They wait on you hand and foot ( pun intended ).  They take walk-in's like me with no problems and a smile. I highly recommend trying Jasmine Nails. I haven't had the message yet, but will do so this month, so stay tuned.
Great pedicure! Lee and Anna are fantastic! Great value anyway, but really great when combined with the Yelp discount offered. Staff is very funny and friendly. Very relaxing experience - and some of the best massage chairs I've ever sat in. I will be back! :D
