What a lovely experience this was. We were in the mood for comfort food and that is what we got. It was a Sunday and the place was packed; the front area, with folks picking up to-go orders. A gentlemen seated nearby saw our overwhelmed faces and offered assistance; if we were there to dine-in, we could go on back. There was only one table available and we took it. Our server was just very sweet. My boyfriend ordered the Fried Chicken, Mashed potatoes with gravy and mac-n-cheese. I went with the BBG ribs and mac-n-cheese. The second side I wanted (greens) was not one of the choices for that day but I asked anyway and was accommodated. Both meals came with complimentary corn bread. They had honey at the table; YAY! Because I like some on my corn bread. My boyfriend also ordered the sweet tea which he said was the most authentic sweet tea he had found in the Buffalo area. He also loved the mac-n-cheese. It was exactly the meal we were looking for and the service was great. The ambiance is pretty casual, but that was fine by us. You can dine-in or order to pic up if you prefer. But this place really makes you feel like you've been invited to someone's house for a home-cooked meal. So, I'd suggest dining in.
This place was originally owned by Warren G, so it was called "G's". Then he sold it to an army guy, so it became "GI's". Then he sold it to a rock band, so it became "Gig's." And now finally, it was sold to an Italian girl, and so it has finally reached stage 4 of its evolution: "Gigi's." If Jennifer Lopez ever buys it, I suppose it will become "Gigli's." Who knew there was so much good soul food in Buffalo? My favourite is McKenzie's in the Broadway Market, but this one is really popular and really good too. The Mac and Cheese is good, the Pork Chops are good... they are not breaded, they are more like pork steaks, and they give you tonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnns of meat. The fried chicken portions are also big, although I wasn't very impressed by the fried chicken, it was a bit tasteless. Their peach cobbler is pretty good too, but again I don't think any of these are the best in the city. The Curry Chicken is my fave. It's like some sort of well-spiced chicken broth, with a very large portion of "bits" of chicken, similar to if you pill a rotisserie chicken apart and then drench it in juice or sauce or something. I'd definitely recommend this dish to people looking to try Gigi's as it was the most memorable. I have to be honest, if it was a review only for the Curry Chicken, I would have given this place a 4, but including the other stuff which really didn't do it for me, it's more like a 3. But I'll pretend it's just for the Curry Chicken and stick with 4... however I highly recommend that anybody who likes this, mosey on over to the Broadway Market and try McKenzie's Soul Food :)
Fried chicken.  Really really really good fried chicken. And breakfast, also to die for.  Discovered this quaint little place one day when I was craving real soul food.  They have everything from candied yams to mac and cheese and peach cobbler.  Unfortunately the peach cobbler is only available on Sundays.  Everything is priced accordingly and the service is super nice and friendly!! A must go. Seriously.
Breakfast or dinner you wont be sorry. This is my second time here while stopping in for breakfast today. The pancakes are super light and fluffy. My husband really enjoyed his eggs, bacon, toast, and grits. He said each bite was better than the last. My stepson LOVED his french toast. He said you could just tell everything was home cooking. If you're in the mood for food that tastes like home, this is the place. On our last visit we also enjoyed their fish fry, mac and cheese, and cornbread. Awesome.
I'm from the southern states but not from the South; Texas is Texas.  Anyways, I miss a good greasy spoon and honest soul food.  I'm rating it higher because it is the best soul food around outside of someone's kitchen.  Order the sides with a side of fried chicken.  They are the true stars.  The mac was downright devilish soaked in calories and butter and cheese and probably cream.  And the cornbread is some backyard sorcery.  And as others have written, this might be the best fried chicken around.   I've been coming here for breakfast lately and it equally transports you to some southern kitchen.  The draw for me here is grits.  It's such a treat.  But I am biased.  The prices are low for a good portion.   To venture to the Eastside is an adventure in itself.  Needless to say, it is adventurous in the same way the Westside can be adventurous.  So, I am also rating it higher because when you are here it feels like you're in the greasy spoons of downtown Houston or in some diner en route to New Orleans.  The waitresses are sweethearts.  They wear colourful nurses scrubs and have wonderfully sweet personalities.  Of course, if you asked them what to order they will try to get you to order a peach cobbler, when it's available.   In honesty, the decor is not much at all and some might be even frightened to walk into a place like this.  And sometimes some of the items served are not that good.  But maybe that is one of the flaws about this type of place that makes it endearing. This is a treasure on the Eastside.
I had a meeting here and it was one of the first soul food restaurants that I've been to. As others have said, the place looks kind of run down and the 'parking lot' looks more like a garbage dump than a safe place to leave your car. Despite the rough feel of the place, I really do want to compliment everyone here for the impeccable service. I was made to feel like I was at home and set at ease immediately. I waited for my meeting for a while and browsed their menu; everything is pretty cheap, from BBQ Ribs to meatloaf to fried chicken. There are also specials for every day of the week. On this particular Monday, I was grappling with curry chicken and beef stew and ended up choosing some beef stew with mashed potatoes and cornbread. Here's where I dock a star or two (if I could, would have given this place 3.5, but the service was so good I had to round up), the beef stew was basked in too much salt for my liking. While the meat was tender, the salt really overwhelmed the entire flavor and left a ... salty taste in my mouth; yeesh. The portions aren't too large either, but maybe that's a good thing to not overly indulge my gluttony :). I haven't written this place of yet. I haven't had any fried chicken in a loong time and apparently this is the place to get some. The breakfast menu also looked pretty good, although I'll probably stick with the cafe's closer to my neighborhood for some tasty breakfast bites.
I think this is the best soul food in Buffalo. I was taken here by a client of mine, who, trust me, is somewhat of an expert in this cuisine. (I am far from an expert in soul food, although a fan.) I have since returned on my own about 4-5 times. Don't be turned off by the ambiance. Lock your car if you park in their lot (which is not really a parking lot, but an empty space next to their building of dirt and stones). The place always looks closed, but it's more than likely open... those bars are always over the door. Inside you will find a menu that is divided by day.... so if you want to eat, you order whatever they have cooked for that day. And honestly, it really does not matter what they have made, because it will be good. Oh yes, it will be. Ham hocks, catfish, mac and cheese, black eyed peas, collard greens, turnip greens (personal favorite), corn bread.... it's all delicious. All of it! Servings are huge, filled with butter or lard or whatever it is that makes a heart attack oh so worth it... Don't ask too many questions, they are not there to educate you on soul food. And if I were you, I would not order a drink from there either. If you are white (like me), expect to be watched and possibly the object of random advice from the "regulars." Pay in cash (they only accept cash and no large bills) to the lady behind the bullet proof glass by sliding your money through the opening at the bottom... and enjoy.... And if you have taste buds, you WILL enjoy!
I went  with an associate of mine that happens to be from the area. We walked in dressed in suits and stood out like Tubbs and Crockett, me being Crockett. There was another gentleman there of my same complexion (he was a beat cop). I enjoyed the eggs, grits and rye toast as well as the "half and half" (half lemonade and tea). The whole restaurant has been recently remodeled according to my good friend, and I must say that when I arrived to the establishment I was expecting a raggy  interior or at least mix matched tables and chairs. To my delight the place was in good shape and looked incredible. As for the staff, they were all friendly. I had the advantage of being there with a guy from the neighborhood so I'm sure that lifted a little tension off of the morning meal. Needless to say that I would recommend that you check it out at least one time if you have the opportunity to do so.
GiGi's is basically a home cooked meal, everything on the menu is perfect. I usually go for breakfast and the pancakes are the best in buffalo.  Dinner the Haddock is amazing as well as the candied yams and fried chicken. The staff are very friendly they always remember a face, I'm there so much one of the waitresses want me to call her aunty lol.
There really is not anywhere else this good to get fried chicken on my Buffalo radar... so I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious this was! The mac and cheese was good, the veggies were ok, too buttery for me but what else do you expect from this style restaurant? It's not exactly heart healthy food. The staff was friendly over the phone too, and my coworkers and I were all stuffed and happily comatose after the meal. It was definitely what we were all looking for that day, and I have already recommended it to anyone and everyone I know who even whispers the words "Fried chicken".
Great breakfast and good service. Down home cooking. Will return for dinner.
Finally got around to trying Gigi's after driving past it every single day.  Service was very friendly and the whole vibe was not as rough as I had imagined.  Our food came out less than 5 minutes after we ordered it so not made to order but can't say I really care about that.  The fried chicken (choice of breast/wing or thigh/leg) was on par with what I've had from other soul food restaurants.  The cornbread was good (though I can't say that I've ever had bad cornbread...).  The only downside was that the mac & cheese was way too salty but I'm glad I had the bitterness of the turnip greens to cut into that.  Next time, I would probably suggest a potato side dish in place of the mac & cheese.  Wish they had chicken & waffles on the menu, but they definitely serve each so I'm sure if you asked, they wouldn't mind throwing the two together.  I look forward to getting takeout from here.
Found the ad for this little gem in t he Buffalo Niagara visitors guide we got at the Angola rest area. Authentic soul food and friendly service. Cash only. We both had the fried chicken breast with two sides and it was wonderful.
My whole family is from Alabama so I know good soul food. This place is legitimate. I ordered the roast with mash potatoes, gravy, mac and cheese, collard greens, cornbread and lemon pound cake. Roast: tender and delicious; mash potatoes: fantastic; mac and cheese: AMAZING!; collard greens: the ultimate flavor; corn bread: so sweet and tender and good. Lemon pound cake: the biggest slice ever and so sweet and good. I am telling y'all, if you want great authentic soul food this is the place!
