I was growing my eyebrows out for around 6 painstaking and horrible months where I refused to even pluck the slightest hairs (BESIDES the middle, I can't live life with a unibrow)  I used to get my eyebrows threaded at the Walden Galleria Mall and at first they really took their time and perfected my brows and I absolutely loved them but after I became a regular customer (one who tipped well, at that) they started lacking and eventually to the point of butchering my eyebrows and making them uneven and patchy...ugh. Crista greeted me with kindness and a wonderful sincerity that most women in the beauty industry don't possess.  She brought me into a small but comforting and clean/bright room where she had us both look in the mirror and discuss what I wanted to do with my brows.  She complimented me on my journey of waiting out the 6 month period and never once did she insult my unruly brows or say anything rude, she told me they were nice and thick (which I was going for!) and that she would keep them that way, if I'd like....which I did.   The process took about 20-25 minutes, it ran smoothly because we chatted throughout the whole thing and I didn't even realize she was waxing/plucking my brows at some points.  Crista took the time to make sure they were even and cleaned up.  At the end of the session, I saw them for the first time and WOW, they didn't look OVERLY manicured like some eyebrows do - where they just don't look natural and that isn't the look I was going for and I'm happy she still made them look natural and clean.   The experience was wonderful - one of the best I've had with brows, Crista is lovely, and her work was very impressive.
I found The Village Browery via these glowing yelp reviews. I went here a handful of times and Crista did do a beautiful job on my eyebrows. Everything was clean aside from a worn-looking pilled-up sheet that covers the chair that you lay in. The place is very relaxing; candles burning and soft music playing. It smells amazing and has a very comfy waiting area. However I stopped going because I didn't appreciate what she said to me the last time I was there. I was having some breakouts and started using an anti-acne product. At my last appointment she ripped off my skin on both brows - didn't even apologize or anything - she just said 'Oh I ripped some of your skin a bit" and THEN asked if I was using any new products. When I told her about the anti-acne product, she told me in a matter-of-fact way that I 'Should have told her that beforehand.' How would I know to tell her that? And the product I used did make my skin a bit red; shouldn't she (the professional) have noticed that and perhaps asked me about it before the wax? Afterwards she did not even offer a discount. Upon leaving I noticed a promotional sign with a points system: if you write a positive yelp review then you get x amount of points with the place. Well that explains that. Next time, the receptionist at Teez did my brows for one-third of the price that The Village Browery charges. And I had just as beautiful results at Teez.
I can not begin to explain how incredible my experience with Crista was! I know this may sound dramatic but having spent my adolescence with a unibrow and my teens and twenties over plucking meeting Crista was literally a life altering experience. Her kindness and sincerity were immediately apparent which I am so thankful for (previously I had a bad experience with threading I almost cancelled my appointment) but she immediately made me feel at ease. I let my brows grow for 4 weeks prior to my appointment and I was extremely disappointed at the patchiness in some areas but Crista assured me this was all part of the process and to stick with it. The appointment took about 20 minutes and when I saw the end result I was almost in tears - they were the eyebrows of my dreams! I will never touch my eyebrows again and I cannot begin to thank Crista for her help. If anyone needs help with their eyebrows this is the only place to go in WNY!
Crista is a WIZARD! In the past, I've had people shape my eyebrows nicely but they didn't really look like me. Thanks to Crista, I don't just have beautifully shaped eyebrows, but they fit my face perfectly. She was careful with proportions, asked good questions about my preferences, and what my eyebrows should say about me. I've never had a more thorough or personalized waxing. She is phenomenal... attentive to her clients with incredible skill. This is TRULY as good as it gets.
Krista is a-mazing!! I'm such a snot when it comes to my eyebrows. I know exactly what I want but have no idea how to do it myself at home. So I relied on my fellow yelpers to help me out when I moved back to Buffalo. They did not let me down. Krista did my eyebrows and I was obsessed with how they turned out. Perfect! I found out about their eye lash tinting from Yelp too and had to try it. I told Krista I have pretty lame eye lashes and she commented that they were actually awesome but just blonde at the ends so it made them look shorter than they actually were. Well I went back in for the eye lash tinting and It made a HUGE difference to my lashes. I haven't worn mascara for weeks (about 4 to be exact). Even when the second of those four weeks was in Hawaii!! They stayed tinted through all the surfing and snorkeling and my pictures turned out amazing with no mascara running down my face to ruin the shot. So I'm a true fan of Krista and this place which has a very friendly atmosphere. I will be loyal to my Krista this year before I move back to LA. *I will update my review after I get a facial, I've heard they're to die for:)
I visited Krista upon recommendation from my sister. She is so welcoming and comforting.  I was very nervous, I'm sure you can imagine why I was there.  She talked me through the entire waxing and was so sweet. I'm a client for life, and it really did not hurt. She is just amazing. Thank you Krista
By far the best eye-brow wax I've ever had. I felt that not only did I get an eye-brow wax but Krista (the owner) who did my wax, really shaped them for my face so that they complemented my face shape well. I've also had a mini-facial done here by another aesthetician (feel so bad I don't remember her name) and it was fantastic. For a mini-facial the price was very reasonable. The facial was very hydrating and was so relaxing in their treatment room with soft music and warm bed. The feet and legs massage complemented the whole experience well. This place is booked nearly solid for quite some time in advance. But it's worth booking ahead when you know you'll need your brows (or any other waxing) done. My new favorite place! I've hinted at my man for a gift certificate for Christmas!!
***update*** When I first reviewed Krista and The Village Browery, I had only experienced the waxing services provided. My previous review still stands, the service is impeccable, Krista is a delight to see every four weeks, and I always walk out happy. But NOW.... Now I can also speak to the facial services provided by Stephanie! I got a signature facial this morning before work, and I can honestly say it is the best idea I have had all month. An hour of nothing but pure relaxation. My skin feels so happy and hydrated, and the arm/hand/leg/foot massage practically made me melt. Quite possibly the best way to start the day! She wrapped up the facial by recapping everything for me, letting me know how my skin was doing and gave me a few suggestions for some additional things I might want to add to my usual skin regimen. I am no stranger to facials, I can say this was in the top three. Of my life. Seriously. Do yourself a favor: book a facial for yourself. You won't regret it.
Eyebrows! Krista does such an amazing job, she is one of the few people I have found who will actaully cut and shape your eyebrows along with wax them. I live in NYC and I always wait until I am home in Buffalo to get them done, because I haven't found anyone in NYC who does as good a job. She also offers eyelash tinting for 20$ (great price) and excellent idea for people with blonde/red lashes like myself.  I find that it lasts until my lashes grow out which maybe like 2-3 months. Additonaly she sells the Jane Iredale cosmetics - lots of mineral makeup that is good for your skin!
I just got back from THE BEST Brazilian and Eyebrow Wax I have ever had.  I've been getting waxed for 20 years and have never had such an amazing thorough wax.  Krista is AMAZING.  Not one hair was left.  Unbelievable!
I couldn't be happier with my eyebrows. I travel to a different city every week and this is easliy one of the best eyebrow wakings i've had in the U.S. Juliet was thorough and made sure to do exactly what I wanted. She shaped my eyebrow to flatter my face and made sure to not make them too thin. Would recommend to everyone and dissapointed that I won't be here the next time I need a clean up. Kinda of a hard spot to find, in a small shopping center tucked away.
