The soups are absolutely delicious. We love the food and the mocha. This is a must go place right after the tour at the Eric canal n the caves.
One of the better options in downtown lockport.  It is located right next door to the palace theater.  They have a hodge posge of indoor seating and a few tables outside.  Sitting outside is always an adventure as you never know who will be walking by. They offer panini style sandwiches, wraps, and soups.  The menu is written on chalkboards throughout the "ordering area".  There are a lot of options and I find it overwhelming to quickly go through it all.  Everything I have ordered has been fresh and flavorful.  You can either get chips or greens with balsamic included your sandwich.   They offer bottled drinks in a cooler or a  free water dispenser with cups. Parking is on the street.
Absolutely delicious. I got my order to go today as I was on a walk and expected it to be a little cold and possibly soggy when I arrived home. They wrapped the sandwich up so nicely that the salad side did not effect it. It was so good. I'll definitely be back for more!!! I recommend the Matthew. Mmmmmm.
I am so glad my mom brought me here! I got The Cindy and it was DELICIOUS! I cannot wait to try the rest of the menu! Prices are reasonable, quite small inside but well decorated. I definitely recommend giving this place a visit!
Great little spot to grab a decent priced, tasty meal! A fellow Yelper asked what I had thought of Scripts since he had read my review of Sweet Sixteen and I had to admit that I had never heard of it. But I was glad he asked because I'm always scouting out new places to eat and Lockport has some really cute newer eateries! Brought my parents here for lunch. The cafe sits to the east of the Palace Theater. We parked down the street and walked over. The interior of the cafe is pretty small even with the separate dining area and the furniture is kind of old and rickety. I loved that they had paper menus available along with their menu written on chalkboard walls. It was easier for me and my senior aged parents to read the paper menu than the boards. We ordered our lunches. They each got the Scripts Club and I got the chicken pesto wrap, all with greens on the side, though they have chips as an option. My dad and I each got a cup of the cream of mushroom soup and my mom got the tomato basil. At the end of our meal, we split a coconut lime cookie, an orange cookie, and a s'mores brownie. Everything was WONDERFUL. The soups were so good. I loved the cream of mushroom but loved the tomato even more! Everything had so much delicious flavor. My wrap was really tasty with roasted red peppers and feta... Yum yum yum! The Scripts Club was VERY tasty too. Everything tasted fresh and well seasoned. The desserts were also very good and homemade. The s'mores brownie (hello! It's a s'mores brownie!) was my fave even though it was messy since the gram crust on the bottom just crumbled. The food was all so so good! The drink situation was okay- all bottled choices. Would be great if they offered like house-brewed iced tea, homemade lemonade, etc. Some more unique options than just bottled Pepsi products. So 5-star lunch food, but like 3-star seating and drink options = 4 stars total! Yay to finding another great little eatery in Lockport!
Best sandwiches in the northtowns! Everything here is fresh, delicious and very reasonably priced. Great care goes into these delicious artisan sandwiches. I had the Scripts club and my wife had the Drewski. Both incredible. Each sandwich includes either chips or a side of greens with balsamic dressing.  The employees were friendly and welcoming. Subtract a half star for dreary decor and garage sale-style furniture. Subtract a second half star for lack of high chairs / booster seats.
Simply wonderful, fresh, and tasty! I had the Drewski, which was just spectacular. The ingredients were very fresh and I couldn't think of a way to make the sandwich better. The salad included had a very delicious balsamic dressing. I had a fee bites of my husbands Script's club, and the same goes for that as well. Oh, we will be back...and back. Such a refreshingly good place in Lockport.
I had the coconut curry chicken soup.  It was awesome! The flavor was on point and there was no skimping on the chicken and vegetables in the soup.  I was mad at myself for just getting a cup of it to go! I was in and out so I did not have a chance to look around.  From what I saw it was a nice little spot.  The employees were extremely friendly as well.  I will certainly be back here when I am in Lockport again.   I'm glad I stopped in and would recommend Scripts to anyone.
What a pleasant surprise this little place was. Good sandwiches, service, even coffee and at a much better price than similar chains in the area. We'll be back soon!
Very pleasant surprise in Lockport. Very good sandwiches and very reasonably priced. Super friendly employees and every time I try something new its wonderful.
Tasty and healthy meal. I like the Bacon &Chicken Wrap, which comes with Salad! Nice space for small group or yourself only. The Italian soda is just ok though.
This is a nice little gem in Lockport. The coffee is great and their food (sandwiches, pastries, cookies, soup, etc...) are also great. This is a perfect little cafe that has a nice environment and good prices. I have had coffee here quite a bit (and love the coffee) and have only had the food a few times but have loved everything I have order. I strongly recommend Scripts Cafe!
