An affordable Aveda concept salon in Buffalo? This is too good to be true!  The salon is cute, clean, and modern. For $32-42 you get a wash, cut, and style/finish with Aveda products. Wow...that's the price you'd pay for a Supercuts haircut in Seattle or Boston but you wouldn't get the wash or style.  Um...can we say this hair cut resulted in a happy ending? :) Vinny did an amazing job consulting me with the proper hair cut suitable for my face shape and spring/summer hair wearing intentions (i.e. I plan on running around like a wild banshee outside like the sun-worshipping fool I can be in warmer weather so a no-fuss haircut is a MUST).   I'll definitely be back to get a facial here next time.
4/5/2014 - I went to Michele's with the hair color formula in hand from my hometown of Providence Rhode Island.  I came out looking like Ronald McDonald.  Michele hurried through and was rude.  I would never go to her again.  I paid $95 and now have to find another colorist to fix it.  Michele and her salon are the worst.  Stay away.
The business hours on website are incorrect.  I called based on the web hours listed. I got an answering machine and left message ...but no call back to my message well after the shop was open, so I called again. I was told the entire afternoon was" open" so I made an afternoon appointment.  I was there 10 min early but alarmed when the only stylist there walked out with a customer "just" prepped.  I was told my appointment may be 15 min late.   20 minutes later, my wait was estimated to be an additional 10 minutes.  I didn't have time to find out if the second time delay estimate was anymore accurate than the first.  I had to leave.  The stylist, and her customer were the ONLY people there.   This hasn't been my experience In the past, when I had an appointment with Vinney.  Never a wait.   I was always in and out with a fantastic hair cut  within 45- to an hour.  As Vinney isn't there anymore, I have no reason to repeat todays experience,. I just don't have the time to tie up an afternoon for a simple hair cut . Based on no call back and long wait.  No reason to go back...
Best haircuts I have had in years! Michele approaches her work as an artist would approach a canvas and the result is a work of art. The staff has been friendly and professional. I highly recommend Michele For Hair. Also, having my favorite Aveda products in the salon is an added plus.
I love going here for a manicure or a pedicure. They really do a wonderful job! The staff is friendly and accommodating.
