When I heard they built a sensory deprivation chamber in Williamsville I was thrilled.  I didn't know anyone still used these things.  My mind harkened back to Altered States with William Hurt getting into one and coming out a gorilla or Tim Leary and his zany crew jumping in with their mind blitzed on LSD.  I immediately craved the romantic notion that I would go in besotted with cravings and desires and come out a different person.  A person with an expanded consciousness, and a general state of zen-like calm.  So being giddy like a school-girl I decided to tune in, turn on and drop out and I gave them a call.  FYI it is very hard to get into Silver Spa as it gets booked fast, I had to wait a week.  During that week, being excited as I was to go I told everyone.  It is amazing the looks people give you when you tell them you are about to float for an hour in a sensory deprivation chamber.  They thought I was insane for wasting my money.  Well I didn't care...they would see when my consciousness was expanded and there's was still normal size!!       Frankly, I expected an aging hippie to own the place, and to be surrounded by "healing gems."  Instead, I was pleasantly surprised.   Silver Floating Spa is set up like a typical spa, with a calming atmosphere and not a hint of patchoulie in there air.  When I spoke with the owner she informed me that there were healing benefits to floating like relieving sore muscles.  Turns out her Husband is quite handy and decided to build the entire space for her.  So far the spa consists of two sensory deprivation rooms and one ultra-violet sauna (which is supposed to cleanse you).  The rooms are kept immaculately clean. You get a small dressing room that leads into a shower and from the shower is another sliding door that leads into the deprivation chamber.  I though I'd be jumping into a metal box like they do in the movies or in Fringe, but instead this was a small tile-filled room.  This was a huge relief because I get very claustrophobic.  The idea that someone could jam up the door on that chamber and lock me in would mess with my mind.  For those fellow claustrophobes...fear not it is quite open.  The chamber is filled without about 2 feet of water and is about 2 feet longer than my body lengthwise.*  You are given a pair of wax earplugs to wear when you soak and I would highly recommend that you wear them.  The procedure is that you strip, shower, hop in and eventually the lights go off...that is where the magic was supposed to begin.  The water is body temperature, you can't see or hear a thing, and it is saturated with Epsom Salts which allow you to float at the top.  Overall, the effect is quite peaceful. Lets just say that I'm glad I took the full hour to float because it probably took me about 40 minutes to acclimatize my body and mind to these foreign surroundings.  At first it was the feeling that I was moving that was a bit unnerving. This was quickly followed by the feeling that water was seeping into my ears.  When that finally went away my neck began to ache as a result of tensing it...so I had to let that go.  I found it helpful to put my arms over my head to relieve the neck strain.  When my body finally let go and I was comfortable my mind started up.  It started with my breathing...with my ears underwater and stuffed with wax plugs it felt like I was in the tub with Darth Vader.  All of my prior meditation techniques went out the window because my own breath was driving me nuts.  To tell the truth after about 20 minutes I was totally ready to get the hell out of the chamber and go home sans expanded consciousness.  But as I wrote above, I felt it was my solemn quest to tough it out, tell my mind to calm down and reap the benefits of a good soak.  So I stayed...and I continued to hope for that inner vision which would open my mind to my possibilities, point out dharma and set me on the correct path.  Well needless to say that didn't happen...like any good Buddhist will tell you craving will only set you farther from your path.  What I will say though is that after that hour soak I felt AMAZING!!  I mean ridiculously good.  My feeling of ease and calm were only rivaled by some of the finer massages or intense Yoga sessions I have gone through.  My mind was calm and clear...but still not giving me any answers to life's questions.  Once the body and the mind stop, floating in the chamber is really quite amazing and a very unique experience.  This is something that should be tried by others who are contemplating the deeper questions in their life.  While I can not promise the chamber to answer your life questions, it certainly makes the quest more enjoyable.         *Mind you I'm a lawyer not an engineer so don't give too much credence to my figures.  Suffice it to say there's plenty of room for people of many sizes to float.
I visited the Silver Essence Floating Spa as a groupon gift from my beloved hubby. When he presented me the gift, I insisted that I didn't want to experience such gooey relaxation alone, so he bought one too and we decided to go as a couple. I booked the appointments online- bonus. I hate picking up the phone, and the online booking meant that I could book at 3 am when I happened to be up and looking for something to do. YAY! I love instant gratification. I put a reminder on my google calendar and waited for the big day. The "floating spa" therapy has been around for a bit, but neither myself nor by partner had ever been to one. I read up (swimsuit not required, don't eat too much beforehand) and we got in the car and headed over. The interior is done up like a Martha Stewart  forTarget ad. Large soothing sage green diamonds on an eggshell colored wall, a hanging chandelier, a ivory dresser and wall shelf covered in small trinkets and salts for purchase. The gentleman, who addressed himself as one of the owners, gave us a quick tour, told us to use the earplugs so we didn't get water in our ears, and then it was off to our separate rooms. I undressed and stepped into the shower. Where there was no soap, and no shampoo. Only a BIG industrial sized boat of conditioner. Knock number one. Mildly skeeved, I convinced myself that the literally TONS of epsom salt in the soak would kill anyone else's bacteria in the bathwater. Fortunately, I had just been travelling and had travel sized soap in my purse. Go Go Gadget Girlscout behavior. Oops... that was the other purse. I washed up, filled my ears with the provided silicone, and stepped through into the soak. It is a very pretty, stone tiled small room with about a foot of tepid water and a fiberoptic cable running just underneath. I lay back, and allowed myself to float, getting comfortable while waiting for the light to flick off signalling the end of my five minute "prep" period. When the light did flick off, I was left with the slowly color changing fiberoptics. It was pleasant and soothing, and there is the option to turn it off for a "true dark" experience. Which, of course, I did. After an amount of time, my body and mind did the expected drift. I did note that I could still see a bit of light from over the top edge of the front door beyond the shower, but it didn't effect me. UNTIL. I saw the light WIDEN and SHUT again, as if someone had just entered the room. I was now naked, in a pool of water, alone, and with nothing but stone walls and my own heartbeat. In a word, I was *TERRIFIED*. I turned slowly over, so as not to make any noise, and stared, shaking, on my hands and knees at the doorway. I began to calculate, knowing that my only contact at the spa was in the next room over, but that he would be wearing earplugs and that he wouldn't hear me. I figured that, given one good hard kick, I might be able to shatter the shower door and use a piece of broken glass as a shiv. And I became as still as I possibly could, tensing every single muscle in my body. I searched the shadows with salt streaming into my eyes, too scared to wipe the water away. The light widened and shut again. I breathed... whomever was there had left, presumably. I relaxed, and sank back, letting the fear drain away. I began to surmise. Someone had come in, replacing a towel. Or perhaps they didn't know the room was occupied. A million other reasons. The light widened again, and this time I was able to see clearly what was going on. THE BATHROOM DOOR ACROSS THE HALLWAY THREW LIGHT INTO MY ROOM WHENEVER IT WAS OPENED OR CLOSED. I nearly fainted in my relief. Then I felt like a complete idiot. Then I tried, unsuccessfully, to lay back and let my mind go. Ignoring the light on the ceiling opening and closing. When my time was up, I was a nervous friggin wreck. I stumbled out, showered as best I could with conditioner and water, and got dressed. When I met my husband in the lobby, he was in a gooey bliss. This is the ONLY reason I'm giving the Silver Essence Spa any stars at all. When the owner asked about our experiences, I tried as hard as I to be factual, and not emotive, about the light over the door and my fearful experience. I didn't want to bust my husband's bubble. The ONLY response I got from the owner, however, was "oh." I do know that I was NOT very successful, based on the look my husband gave me.  And "Hunh. I thought I checked the shampoo this morning", as he then LOOKED AT MY PURSE as if to asses if it was big enough to carry away a gargantuan shampoo. DUDE. I thought I was going to get raped and killed in your friggin bathhouse and you visually accuse me of stealing your shampoo. All in all, I'm sure this is a *great* experience for many. For me it was just trigger central and a one way ticket to PTSD land. I will not be returning, nor recommending to anyone. Blegh.
When I arrived at their location, I was a little confused. It appears to be a tiny boutique as soon as you turn the corner off Main St. Parking is the first driveway on the left. I had received a gift certificate from a friend via Groupon, and couldn't wait to try it out. I was able to schedule my appointment online and when I had to reschedule, due to the storm, again, I did it online.  I was scheduled for both the infrared sauna and the 90 minute float, so it helped to have 2 windows open. I was looking forward to an afternoon of sheer bliss and I was not disappointed. I was greeted by Mary, the owner, who welcomed me with a warm smile and quickly gave me a tour. As I said earlier, it appears to be a small boutique. A welcoming reception area, tastefully decorated, led to the inner sanctum of peace and quiet. Behind the reception area, was a hallway. The rooms on either side held the infrared spas and floating pools. Additionally, each room had it's own shower and with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, towels, washcloths, and even robes to wear from the sauna to the pool. The 1/2 hour sauna was more than enough time to warm the chill out of anyone. A TV is provided as well as a light dimmer to allow you to begin your relaxing journey. After 30 minutes, it was time for the pool. Grabbing my personal items, I walked down the hall and into my personal area. I slipped into the pool, turned off the lights, and was ready to float away to where ever my mind took me. For those of you who are not thrilled with dark, enclosed spaces, you do have an option to leave the fiber optic pool lights on. Trying to float with your arms at your side, is a lot of work. I highly recommend , as Mary stated to me, float with your arms above your head.  And, ANY ONE can float! Personally, I recommend it to anyone with limited range of motion. I had a knot in my shoulder that pinched a nerve all the way down to my fingers, and I planned on seeing the chiropractor as soon as I could get it - after floating I didn't need to make that appointment! I know the sensory deprivation was meant to relax and rejuvenate. And it did. the only difference was I felt more energized afterward! I guess best way I can describe my floating experience was: I felt like a little kid in a huge tub! The water temp was perfect and the lack of noise was wonderful! I showered afterward - again, all soap, shampoo, conditioner and towels were provided. But I do recommend bringing your own blow dryer, although I didn't notice a plug. Leaving , I thanked Mary for the awesome time and continued on my day. I do recommend this to anyone who needs a break. Even if you don't book a full 90 minute slot, it is soooo worth it!
I was really looking forward to a great experience. I had never tried this before and was really curious. I made my appointment on-line - very convenient  - I wish all businesses did this! Since I had no experience with floating and couldn't find much information on the website about what I needed to bring (An FAQ would be very helpful) I sent an email asking what to expect and what to bring. I never received a reply, so I called when it got closer to my appointment time and I left a message (the hours are limited). They returned my call a few hours later and were very helpful telling me to bring only myself. When I arrived I was shown to my room and told to shower, put in ear plugs, and then enjoy the experience. She felt the water and the look on her face told me something wasn't quite right, but she didn't say anything else and I was left to myself to prepare for my floating experience. I showered (TIP: the products provided (shower gel, shampoo, conditioner) are not salon quality or even from the same brand - bring your own if that matters to you). When I stepped into the shallow  pool the water felt cold and I was hit with a pungent musty odor (is this how it is supposed to smell?? Is it the salt? Am I hyper sensitive to the smell?). I eased myself in, and although I was shivering, I hoped I would get used to it. As I lay floating - you really do float quiet easily - I tried to ignore the cold and the smell and just relax. Anytime I moved, shivers would roll across my body. Soon my neck and shoulders tensed from the cold and I couldn't take it anymore. My float was supposed to be 90 minutes but I only lasted 30. I showered and dressed. TIP: bring a hair dryer. I left with wet hair in the cold. I did notice one in the bathroom on my way out, but I think there is only one bathroom and if people are scheduled for the same time it could be a problem. I didn't think to ask about this - so you might want to. When I walked out to the lobby she asked if it was cold and said she noticed the temperature was low after I was in the room. Apparently, the heater went out or broke. I asked what temperature the water was supposed to be and she said 95. That still seems cool to me as the average body temperature is 98.6. I think I would at least prefer bath water temperature.  To make up for the poor experience she gave me a certificate for a free 60 minute float (I supposed because I had used 30 minutes?). I don't know if I will use it because of the smell and the right temperature seems to cool. But so many people have had a great experience, so mine may have been an anomaly.
Very nice experience at Silver Essence.  The float pool was clean and the hostess was friendly.  The water was a perfect temperature and resulted in a deep relaxation.  I felt incredible after the soak was over.  I went for the 1.5 session which was the perfect amount of time.  You can choose to go completely dark or with fiber optic lights.  Overall, I highly recommend it if you haven't tried it before.
This place was recommended to me by a co-worker.  I was not sure I would like it but I do recommend it.  For me it was just as effective as massage!!  I loved it.  I wish the water could have been a little warmer (it is body temperature) only because I tend to be cold a lot.  I beleive it is owned by a couple and I was greeted and helped by the husband.  He was super nice and explained the process well.  I felt great and looked relaxed afterward.  I have bought sessions for others and recommended to many.  The only negative and this is very slight is that there was a faint smell it did not totally detract from my experience. It is hard to describe I don't want to say it was a moldy smell but one of those pool smells that I don't like.  However,  I heard that they are having the pools redone so hopefully that will be eliminated.  I really enjoyed it though and can't wait to go back.  They do have introductory prices, specials and rewards!
