Booked and had a couples massage with my wife. Jackie, my masseuse was amazing. She knew exactly where I needed the most attention. Would without a doubt come back.
You are not allowed to add a tip to a credit card.  Of course, you are only told of this while you are paying.  So, if you don't have the cash on you, you can conveniently use the ATM in their salon which charges a fee.  For a place that's supposed to be an "upscale" salon, this is really a bush league policy.  Sorry, but there are far too many other places to give my business to that are more accommodating.  Haircut was okay.
As a long customer of Capello Salon (10+ years), I have become increasingly disappointed with my experience at this establishment.  In recent history, appointments have been cancelled at the last-minute without notice.  Furthermore, I received a confirmation message regarding an appointment that had been changed without my approval.  The receptionist simply changed my provider without asking first if I would be willing to switch.  When I requested a phone call from the owner, the reception manager (I'm guessing) sent me a rude and extremely unprofessional explanation about why the appointment had been changed.  For a salon that charges top dollar in the area, one would expect better customer service from the people in charge of scheduling.  While I did love my stylist, I will never step foot inside the establishment again.
Always a good experience at Capello. After massages they have a separate men's and lady's locker room with a lavender shower and sauna,  which is the perfect ending to a great treatment. Manicures and pedicures are extremely slow but they do a good job. Got a Brazilian wax there once and I don't think I would ever go back. It seemed to me that they didnt do it very often and it took forever. I have gotten dozens of brazilians before and this was by far the worst. The esthetician seemed very tense and only added to my already tense and uncomfortable situation. Expensive, but worth it for the massages, not sure if I would spend the money on a mani/pedi or wax again.
I have mixed reviews about this Capello's but I'm a fan based on 2 particular employees here... I used to get my haircut by Jeryl Brooks and she was fantastic!! She left here for a while and I moved cross-country, but I hear she's back, and now I'm back too, so I may have to visit her for a clip at some point. Jeryl is really up-to-date on the latest hairstyles and trends. Plus she listens and does what's best for your hair type. And she's a super sweet gal! I had another cut here by someone else once and it was only ok... This was before Jeryl returned. So, meh. Eyebrows- I've had them done here a few times (by the same girl) and mostly my experience had been positive until the last time I got waxed. The tech (someone I had never been to before) asked if I wanted a more defined arch. I said no, to just clean them up. She said a thinner brow would open my eyes up more so I told her to thin them a TEENY TINY bit... She went to town and I looked like I got the Donna Martin 90210 College Years eyebrow special! It took forever for my eyebrows to fill in and it was embarrassing. Plus they were already bushy like 1.5 weeks later but patchy. Pricing is okay- $45 average for a cut, and I think $17 for brows. Another new thing- they don't allow tips to be charged with your final bill. So if your haircut is $45 and you want to tip $10, you'd better have the cash with you because they won't let you add that to your bill like a tip at a restaurant. VERY annoying!!! Bottom line with this place: Stick to who you know does a good job and don't let anyone persuade you to do something that you are uncomfortable with/won't maintain!!
My favorite place to get my hair done, it always looks good no matter who does it but even better is that I know how much it will cost! All their prices are on their 'menu' so stylists can't just make up a number when they're done and/or include their tip in it. I wish all hair salons were like this...but since they aren't I'm going to stick with them...too bad their hundreds of competitors don't think to do something so simple!
I have been getting my hair done by Corey at the Capello's in Williamsville for over 2 years. I have never been as happy with my color as I have since switching to Capello's. I highly recommend giving it a try.
