I came to Chez Ann after trying two different stylists in the area.  I am so happy to have found Sarah! She helped me figure out how to deal with my ombre situation -- I was officially over it and I wanted to do something new.  I loved the painted in highlights vs. foil highlights she suggested. Sarah is very passionate about styling and it shows. Also, the assistants were super awesome and friendly. I am definitely going to keep coming back here.
I still stand by my statement that Chez Ann is one of the best salons in Buffalo.  It is clean, sophisticated, and talent oozes out of both locations.   With that being said, both my stylist and colorist have recently moved from Chez Ann's city location to open their new salon, The Refinery, off of Hertel Ave.  Although I haven't been there yet (first appointment is in just a couple weeks!), I think it's safe to say that I will be switching to The Refinery for my haircare from now on.  Curly haired girls should consider paying Maggie a visit at The Refinery-- she works wonders! Even without Maggie and Michele, Chez Ann still has a lot to offer.  Last week, I visited the city location to take advantage of a Buffalo Perks deal, which included a "fire and ice" facial, pedicure and manicure.  The woman who did my manicure and pedicure did a really great job. I've never had someone else pay so much attention to making every nail perfect.  My manicure also almost held up an entire week which is rare for me.  I still wish that they had more comfortable pedicure chairs though.  Half of the pedicure experience is sitting in a massage chair! The best part of the day was my facial with Meg.  I didn't know what I was getting myself into with this fire and ice facial... and honestly, I probably wouldn't have signed up for it if I had actually read the description.  I am so glad I did it though!  The facial is called fire and ice because the first half of it actually burns your skin because of the strength of the products.  These products help to smooth out fine lines and imperfections.  The second half of the facial cools and soothes your skin.  Meg did an excellent job explaining all of this.  She also answered all my skincare questions and provided me with a handful of free samples.  Bonus! Even though my skin was very red (and pretty scary looking) after the facial was over, it also felt extremely smooth and my pores were noticeably smaller.  It's been almost a week since I had it done and my skin has really cleared up.  I am thrilled!   Chez Ann might have lost me as a customer for haircare, but I will certainly be returning for more facials leading up to my wedding!
I was visiting Buffalo for a wedding and needed a blowout. I called Saturday morning and they were able to work with my schedule. Junior was gentle with my over-processed hair, got my locks looking shiny and full, and gave me suggestions for new products. Prices were similar to other places I've been. If I lived in the area, I'd be back for sure!
Did a GREAT job! Rosie cut and colored my hair (from summer grown out highlights back to nice fall brunette) Did everything I asked her, she really took her time to make sure I loved it.. whiiich I did! And they offer a bang trim for free between cuts! Would def. recommend to friends!
This review is for ONLY the salon and ONLY for Maggie as I have not yet had a chance to sample their other services.  I will update my review when I do ... I have curly hair.  It's awesome when you live in a humid climate, not so much when you live in Buffalo.  I have gone to several hair stylists - even driving an hour away - and had come to the bitter realization that my love affair with my curls couldn't survive the western NY weather. I mentioned to an acquaintance of mine that I was moving to Allentown.  She (also a curly-headed girl) immediately sent me the details on Chez Ann and told me to make an appointment with Maggie.  Skeptical but hopeful (my friend has awesome natural spirals), I made the appointment for the following week (Maggie apparently alternates between here and NYC). The staff at Chez Ann are very welcoming and professional.  They made sure that I felt comfortable, offered me a robe to cover my clothes, something to drink since it was a hot day, and made small talk with me while Maggie finished up her other client (I was early). Maggie was awesome.  She specializes in curly hair and immediately explained why she uses a razor and not scissors. I've had stylists use only razors before, but I never understood why.  NOW I get it! She quickly identified the look I was going for (but failing to achieve) and made a couple of suggestions.  She didn't try to sell me a zillion products like some stylists, but instead told me what she would use with my style.  She also didn't try to schedule me back for a cut in 4 weeks, but instead told me I would need to see her again in probably 4 MONTHS, and to come back for a simple (cheaper) trim if my bangs started to get out of control before then. I've paid over $120 for so-so hair cuts.  Recently.  In Buffalo. Maggie was only $60 and I can't believe the difference in my hair! I'm falling back in love with my curls and it's a wonderful thing!
Okay, this is for the guys out there; my fellow brothers in arms who may have a faint light blinking in the corner of their eye.  That's the countdown light fellas - for Valentine's Day. If you're reading this and haven't already marked February 14th on your calendar then, by my calculations, you're already behind the eight ball.  That's right, there's a significant other hoping that you have a really impressive plan for a phenomenal evening this year.  Remember what you did last year? If not, my guess is she won't either; or worse - she WILL! Going to be holding hands Valentine's weekend? Well then get with the program boys and get those unsightly nails done.  Let's face it, the "gentler" sex has been doing this for centuries and it's about time we caught up!  And if you've ever been accused of snagging the 2000 thread count Egyptian Cotton sheets you better have a pedicure as well.  It's painless so man up and show them how much you care. I'm sitting at Chez Ann's City Spa and Corrina has just given my hands a neat professional look.  The services offered at the Chez Ann Salon & City Spa are phenomenal.  There's no room for me to list them all so hit up their website and then call Gina or Kristine for an appointment.   Plan ahead gentlemen.  I assure you, there's someone out there who'll appreciate it.
On the recommendation of Wendy B, I made an appointment this week with Chez Ann, located directly across from the Purple Monkey and Delaware Spot Coffee downtown, in the same plaza as Starbucks. The day before, I received a cosmic message about it. "We're just calling to remind you of your appointment with Grace tomorrow." It's not often that the Universe calls to remind you of your run-in with happiness and gratitude, so I was paying extra attention when I pulled into their tiny parking lot. Grace, my destined stylist, was a cool young woman my age with bright orange locks. She sudsed me up well, giving me a nice temple rub along with my shampoo, and hooked me up with a lovely 'do in less than an hour. When I realized I needed to nix the wax job I'd requested, less I show up to my event with a blotchy red brow, she sweetly plucked my eyebrows for me anyway at no charge. Amazing, Grace, I tells ya. Her awesome cut was the highlight (no pun intended), but the aesthetic of the salon also made me feel as though I'd stumbled upon the right place. Inside, it looks like a funky pagan lounge, with a looming fairylady presiding over the front desk, cool photos of punk chicks adorning the walls, and a fun mix of stylists working the floor. With 'dos ranging from the naturally blonde to the asymmetrical sheared-and-dyed, there seems to be someone for everyone, as I saw clients from matronly mom-aged ladies to teenagers getting their hair did.   Sure, they don't give you tea or a shoulder massage when you come in, and they don't sell makeup (so no last-minute touchups if you're headed somewhere special afterwards). But it's twenty bucks cheaper than my usual stylist and twenty minutes closer to my house! Chez Ann, you may have just won a convert.
After moving to the Buffalo area from the CNY area, one of the first things I needed to find is a good hairdresser.  At the suggestion of some friends, I made an appointment with Erin at Chez Ann In The City.  After my first haircut, I was hooked! Chez Ann is a clean, professional and relaxed salon.  The staff are very friendly and I never feel rushed when I am getting my hair done.  A women's haircut starts at $45, and I'm perfectly okay paying that much because of the quality of the salon and the services I am getting.   My hairdresser Erin has always done a great job with my hair.  I keep my curly hair fairly short, and she is able to make my hair look sophisticated and modern (which is hard to do with a big mop of red curls!).  Besides doing great hair, she tells me about the classes, hair shows, and photo shoots she does, which only add to her experience and awesomeness.   If you make an appointment at Chez Ann In The City, you will never go to another hair salon.  I've heard great things about every hairdresser who works there, so no matter who does your hair, I'm sure you will be satisfied.  I live in Rochester now, but gladly commute back to Buffalo to get my hair done. p.s.  They have a website where you can book your appointments online - which just makes this place that much more awesome!
I saw the salon on yelp and decided to check it out. Good!
Came here to get my haircut because I knew my good friend Michele works here and I haven't seen her in years and I knew she would be working on Saturday, and the girl who cut my hair (who does not work there anymore so I will not mention her name)  that I also knew that wanted to cut my hair and told me what she thought would work well, so I said what the heck i'll let her do it. My haircut took about 15 minutes and my hair looked great. Everyone that works there was very nice and kept talking to me and making me feel comfortable. I felt a little uncomfortable at first because i'm a guy and I was in a salon getting my haircut. Yes I know it sounds stupid but it is what it is. Needless to say, I was very satisfied with my hair cut and was probably one of my favorite hair cuts I've ever had. The ladies that work here all have a great talent, and I got the pleasure to see some of their finished work before I left and it looked great. I recommend going here for any of your cosmetic needs (is that the right word to use? lol) as well as pampering with massages as well. Great to see such a great place with so many talented people, it's rare these days.
This was my first visit to the "new" location--they moved last September. I specifically went to get my haircut by my girl, Sarah G. She tipped me off to the parking behind the salon, which sparked memories of where my girls and I used to park for jaunts to the clubs on Chippewa back in the day. Good times, haha! But I digress.... The salon itself is airy and relaxing. Everything is contemporary but not "cold". I was greeted warmly by the receptionist, who as it turned out recognized me from her old place of employment, Pizza Plant Walker Center! (You know you're a regular when....) LOL. Everything here is very clean and neat. Ann, the owner, was busy with clients of her own, which I can always appreciate that a long time owner still practices the craft that got her started in the first place. Sarah got me right back, did a quick consult ( which Tabatha Coffee says is a "must".... If you don't know who I'm speaking of, you don't watch enough Bravo!) and then gave my long mane a luxurious wash. Since she is one of my BFFs, we had a great time chatting and catching up while she trimmed my locks. She did an outstanding job and explained which products she was using, in between our chats. One of the other stylists there, Nora, recognized me as we have mutual friends, and it was nice to catch up with her too! I felt so comfortable, like I was getting a special service during a girls night out. I can't say enough about how much I love this place. Sarah is an awesome stylist and a real cutie to boot. My only regret was that I didn't get to see my friend, Annette today, but she was busy with her own clients. Next time, I'll just have to book services with her too! Listen, I live in Clarence, so if I think it's worth the little hike out here, than so should you! And if you live close by, in the city, you should go nowhere else. LOVE LOVE LOVE. I will be back!
If you're looking for a place where you will walk out feeling like a rock star, this is it! I absolutely love the atmosphere, the staff, the professionalism, everything. I am not a big fan of city traffic, but drive from Williamsville into the city (even though I live way closer to the other location) just so I can have James do my hair. When I have questions, James is happy to answer them. I have asked questions about what kind of hairdryer to use, which products do what, how to blowdry to get a desired effect, etc, and I always get an answer that is easy to understand. I never feel pressured into buying products either, which is a huge plus! They use and sell Bumble & Bumble, but never suggest I use their shampoo or other products. The only thing I don't like about this location is the parking. It is very hard to find a parking spot. They share a lot with Starbucks and every time I go, it's jam packed. There are two or three spots set aside exclusively for Chez Ann Salon customers, but that's just not enough. Most of the time I end up paying to park in the street. So far that hasn't been a big problem, but once winter comes, I'm thinking I won't feel quite so jolly about the parking thing.
First let me say I am an avid Spa goer so please do not take the 3 star rating as being negative or sub par.  I like Chez Ann and the Delaware location will be my go to spot when I visit Buffalo.  With that said, it gets 3 stars simply because of the style of set up.  It is a salon that offers spa services.  A day spa such as the five star Peninsula it is not.  I'm sure if I were going for salon services it would get a 4 or 5 star rating.  I hope that makes sense. PROS: Chez Ann is a cute little spot to get a few things done.  It's in a great location of downtown Buffalo and everyone was nice and friendly.  The other patrons seemed happy as well.  I got a facial, massage, mani/pedi.  It's clear they also do hair.  As a matter of fact, that's probably what they are most know for.     When I first called to make my appointments the receptionist was GREAT!  She took the time to contact the masseuse and esthetician to make sure they could accommodate the times I requested.  This is very important because some spas will tell you yes even when they don't have anyone and you end up with someone who clearly doesn't know what they are doing.  Or they will tell you no when a phone call could have gotten you the service you requested.  As in my case, the receptionist did just that and was able to get all my services scheduled.   Monica did my massage.  SHE IS FANTASTIC.  If you read my reviews you know I seldom use all caps unless I truly mean it.  Well Monica is great at her job, and she truly knows what she is doing.  She is professional and I was impressed.  I will only ask for her.   Annette did my facial.  Now unless you are getting some special treatment, a facial is a series of cleansing steps.  That's it.  Nothing complicated.  And because I was just getting a simple facial...it was what it was.  I got a good facial.  What was exceptional is that Annette took the time to remove those pesky blackheads on my nose and ingrown hairs on my chin.  She not only did a great job but it didn't hurt either.  She could have just done the minimum and washed my face and sent me on my way.  I would ask for her again as well. Katelyn did my mani/pedi.  She was a hoot!  She did a great job and was very friendly as well as informative about her city.  It was good talking to her as we exchanged information about restaurants, shopping, and things going on around town.  You know how you go to the same salon and you end up feeling like you have a salon friend...well she is that kind of girl and she does great mani/pedi. CONS: It feels more like a hair salon than a day spa.  When you are getting day spa treatments, a spa should feel like...well... a spa.  Given the 'storefront' location of Chez Ann, I'm not sure how they would change this but if they can they should. A day spa should have day spa essentials such as a robe for massages, hair ties for facials, and slippers to walk around in.  They do not.  So basically when you get undressed you better be ready for your massage and be ready to get back dressed.  lol  Since I got a massage, facial, and mani/pedi, I had to go to the bathroom at some time during my visit.  Well I had to put on all my clothes and shoes just to go to the bathroom becasue there was no robe or slippers.  then go back and get undressed.  UGH  That was weird for a day spa!  When I got my facial, I felt Annett's hands going into my hair several times.  I didn't mind simply because of my hairstyle, but it did cross my mind that if I had a different hairstyle it would suck because I would have a bunch of facial products in my hair.  If they had a hair tie like all other spas, her hands would stop at the tie or the products would go on the hair tie and not into my hair.
Friendly staff when you walk in. Always offer you some water or coffee. Erin cuts my hair and does amazing every single time. She is truly amazing!
I always smile when I see it is time to go to the salon - because then I get to chat with my wonderful hairdresser Whitney and get a fabulous cut.  Whitney is creative, and listens to you when you are describing what you want.  She is blessed with the sweetest demeanor and most infectious smile.  If you are looking to make a change try Whitney in the City.
Want killer rock star hair?  Go see Erin-she'll hook it up!  Super friendly place and the quality is top-notch.  Erin is forever my girl, but everyone there does primo work.  Highly recommended!!!
I'm a curly girl, which means my strands have a mind of their own. A good haircut can tame my mane, while a bad one leaves me with an awkward version of an afro. In every city I've lived in, I spend a lot of time researching stylists who can work  successfully with curly hair. When I returned home to Buffalo, I lamented the idea of having to embark on this search again. I avoided getting a haircut for as long as possible, then realized I had to face the music. Luckily, a fellow curly-headed friend recommended Chez Ann, particularly Maggie, a stylist whose got a way with curly hair. I was so pleased with my haircut; Maggie listened closely to my instructions, and really took the time to study my hair and create a cut that looked good and lasted! The price was very reasonable, the salon staff was friendly, and I was thrilled with the final product. Maggie instructed me that curly hair shouldn't be cut very often, and said I didn't need to return for 6 months. Some salons will find ways to convince you that you need to come in every few weeks for highlights and trims, so It was refreshing to hear the exact opposite.  Maggie's honesty, and helpful advice were much appreciated. I plan on returning to Chez Ann Salon In The City to freshen up my look this Spring.
