This place is so cool! Even if the movie we saw sucked (sorry, Locke) it was made palatable by our comfy leather recliners and affordable drinks and snacks. They're cool with you bringing food in as well. Just make sure you buy some drinks or snacks so they can afford to stay open =)
This place is totally adorable, great movie house- we saw Magic in the Moonlight here- seats comfy, crowd was eccentric. The couple before us on line was duper neurotic- and had a crazy heated discussion about the location of their membership card. Then the woman started badgering the ticket seller about how many previews there would be. There is an adorable ice cream shop up wolfs lane for after your movie called double rainbow. I love the feel of an indie community movie theater a+++++
This is a quaint little restored theater that almost always has some special event going on. The main reason to go here are for the screenings as well as the many guest question and answer screenings they do. They play artsy movies, indie movies and festival movies. The theater itself is sufficient. The seats can be pretty uncomfortable and I have an issue with the screen not being wall to wall because it tends to not fill my field of vision and I have a tendency to start looking to my sides. The snack stand is decent - tiny and there's a $10 minimum for credit card but we can easily pass that with a drink and fresh popcorn and there's a few different candy varieties. My brother and I went to see a screening of "Blackfish" with one of the former trainers interviewed in the movie doing question and answer after. By the way - "Blackfish" is really good and while not as emotional as "The Cove" it still gives you a lot to think about and will be playing on CNN some time in October (check your local listings). My brother and I each had popcorn which was way not necessary because we would be nauseous shortly into the movie and shared a bag of Swedish Fish since the whales get rewarded with what else? Also we can sometimes be emotionally stunted. We stuck around for the Q&A and it was fascinating. I even got my money's worth when some guy stood up to try to argue everything that was just said in the film and by the trainer. Pure comedy gold. I'll bottom line this - the theater is a little gem. I wouldn't go here for big blockbusters but for culture it's definitely the way to go. Parking can be a huge pain. It's out of the way (for me at least) but it's definitely worth it to check out their schedules and catch the screenings.
Fine little neighborhood theater that shows major pictures and also fine art and independent films. We saw Argo there recently as well as the documentary on Elmo/Sesame Street, plus a handful of other indie pieces. They sponsor lectures from the film makers at times as well. (I've passed by and seen them advertised on the marquee but haven't participated yet.) Quite a feat! I understand that it was recently renovated and the large theater is very impressive. I was in the screening room once and it had folding chairs and a small screen and I felt a bit cheated for the price. The website is great! Very useful. All in all, I'll be back soon.
Adorably tiny theater. Plays academy award winning and independent films. $8 for reclining leather seating. Saw "A Place at the Table", just my boyfriend and 3 other people in the entire 14-seater room with a projector. Great find for a Sunday evening.
Newly renovated and looking great. Got invited here several times by friends in the film community.  The Picture House is the perfect place for a first look premiere or  a classic on the big screen. It's a homage to the great picture houses of the 1920s.  It's also a not for profit community driven theater that does an excellent job of attracting respectable names and holding premiere events.  Actors, directors, and producers appear on certain screenings to do things like a Q and A with the audience.  Wine and cheese are served before others, it's a intimate theater going experience run by people who take art and a sense of community very seriously.
The. 5 stars refer only to the screening room. Very clean, small room with circa 16 recliner seats. The sound is impeccable.
The Picture House in Pelham, NY is now a leading venue for Opera and Ballet recorded in HD video in some of the finest houses in Europe and shown in the U.S. by Emerging Pictures. The main theater is spacious and comfortable with excellent sight lines and top quality sound. Projection is highly professional. Movie snacks are available. The European productions are fully the equal of those from the Met Opera and, in many cases, superior to the latter. A case in point is the latest Met offering, "Rigoletto" transplanted to LAS VEGAS! If you want to avoid one of Peter Gelb's ill-considered "updates" and, instead, see an historic, traditional production of this great Verdi opera, with the finest cast of modern times, DON'T MISS the Regio di Parma production, starring Leo Nucci, to be shown on Feb. 10, 2013 at 1:30 PM in the Picture House, the "Rigoletto" of a lifetime!
