This place is THE best. I was visiting my hometown of Buffalo for the weekend, and my mother arranged for me to have a massage here: she has become a regular. This was the most customized and personal massage I have ever had. The masseuse had clearly been medically trained, as she knew ever muscle: it's function and how it should feel. I was amazed with her work. I have had several massages, mostly in New York City, and nothing compares to the expertise and professionalism at Park Lane.
I've had several services done here at Park Lane using Groupon specials and various other discounted certificates. That's just it though - I would go back if there's a super sweet deal again, but never would I go for anything full-priced. The decor, ambience and staff are all very pleasant - beverages such as water, coffee or tea are offered, bathroom is clean and fully stocked with hand towels (nice touch). The staff is always polite and friendly. Now the negatives - there's not always someone at the reception desk because it's a very small spa and they don't have designated receptionist. This also means that it's highly unlikely to actually reach someone on the phone whenever you're calling to make an appointment - you typically have to leave a voicemail and then let the phone tagging games begin. Another issue I have with very tiny spas is the noise. You can hear people talking and walking and prepping...etc, which all makes it hard to relax and really enjoy your services. I did like Emily as my masseuse because she adjusted the pressure if you asked, and she usually honored at least 55min of the 60min massage. I had a massage with another masseuse once and even though I asked her to apply more pressure, it still just felt like someone was applying lotion on me, and even though I was on time, the actual massage only lasted about 45min. This is my biggest pet peeve about spas - if it's a 60min massage, it's a 60min massage. It should NOT include the time that it takes the massage therapist to ask me questions, and the time it takes to get dressed/undressed...etc. I had a facial done as well, and as someone who's had facials and massages from all over the world since I was 12, I wasn't impressed. I didn't feel cleansed. It felt like someone washed my face, applied a mask, washed it off, and applied some lotion - all of which I could have done myself. The pedi I had done there was nice, although nothing to rave about. I prefer my nails done at Elegant Nails because that's what they do everyday - and they're very good at it! All of the services above were done using some kind of discount - and the location is within walking distance from my house; yet, I have no desire to return, even if I do see discounted certificates on Groupon or similar sites (unless it's a sweet massage deal and Emily is still working there).
I recently had a pedicure done here. It was. Bit pricy, but they did a great job! She took the time and afterwards feet looked and felt fantastic!
I've been here twice now and this is a pretty cute relaxing place. I would never have realized that it was there or ventured in if I hadn't had a groupon for a massage. The massage was nice, but more than that I thought the place was nice. Very chill. A little weird that there was never anyone else there though. I went back with my mom when she was in town. I had another massage --  this time from the owner. So I have had seen both of their massage therapists. The first time I had a deep tissue massage which was therapeutic but not actually relaxing because that can kinda hurt. The second time I went for swedish and it was very relaxing. I have had better massage but not actually in Buffalo. My mom had a facial and said it was nice. I shy away from those. Why pay someone a lot of money to say your skin is bad and then try to get you to buy $200 worth of product... just not my cup of tea. But as I said, my mom enjoyed it.
After some time in the dog house for not helping enough around the house, my boyfriend treated my to Le Petite Package to get back into my good graces. Overall, the Spa at the Park Lane helped him out, sending me home refreshed and relaxed. This package includes a facial, half hour massage, manicure and either a mini pedicure or hair wash and blow out. The facial was really nice. It focuses on exfoliation and hydration, both of which my skin always needs. Elizabeth does a nice consultation and checks in with you throughout the process to really ensure the best experience. I normally have issues with fragrances, so she made sure to test every fragrance before using it to make sure that it would not bother me. I had a couple small breakouts at the time that would have taken a week or two to clear up, but are now almost completely gone. Also, the next day at work, customers kept commenting on how great my skin looked. When I finally told one that I had just had a facial, she immediately wanted to know about it because "it is well worth the money with results like that." Next was the massage. My boyfriend ordered an upper body "relaxation" massage for me. Tami has amazing hands! She brought out all of the kinks and knots in my shoulders, but was also gentle enough for the experience to be relaxing, not deep tissue. She also uses this wonderful pomegranite-cranberry lotion that smells fabulous. My only issue was that she touched my hair a lot; luckily, I had to wash it anyway, but it would have been very upsetting if I had to go to work or somewhere else after. I guess that's why they offer the hair wash and blow out. Finally, I got my mani and pedi. Both were super relaxing and comfortable. I was served some cheese and crackers with apples as a snack, which I dug right into. I pick my nails like crazy, so there were a few issues going on, but Beth did a great job. The mani was free of pain and looked great. Beth went over and above for the pedi, sloughing off dry skin and really getting my feet into shape for the winter. I was definitely there longer than the 90 minutes they suggest on the website, but it was well worth it. My day off was perfectly spent at the Spa at Park Lane and my boyfriend is pretty happy not to have been nagged for a couple days. The package was awesome for anyone who needs a day of pampering and I will most certainly return for future spa days.
I have been a happy client of The Spa At Park Lane since it opened in 2010. The staff here is great by customizing every treatment to your needs, and the owner, Tami, is a dedicated entrepreneur in WNY. The decor at the spa is warm and inviting. It was designed and completed by Tami and her husband, and if you think the craftsmanship is special, just book any treatment on the menu and you'll see true pampering come to life! The spa line, Eminence, is all organic, smells fabulous and isn't harsh on your skin. I've had several facials here and my face glows for quite some time after the treatment. I've tried other spa facials locally in Buffalo and on vacation, and I can honestly say this facial is the best one around and absolutely worth the price. The massages are also very relaxing. I normally get a deep tissue massage due to the desk job that keeps me in my chair for long periods of time, and I always leave feeling much better than when I walked in. And while I'm quite relaxed after leaving the spa, later in the day I feel energized - just what a spa treatment should do! Whether you have a regular spa, are looking to try something different, or simply want to pamper yourself, The Spa At Park Lane is for you! And don't wait for a Groupon....become a regular customer like me and let the staff take great care of you. You will be supporting a growing local business, be treated like royalty, and most importantly, feel wonderful!
Groupon has given me access to fabulous massages at the Spa at Park Lane.  At some point, I may have health insurance or a full time job in order to afford health care, but in the meantime I'll take Groupon and Living Social (which the Spa uses a lot) as good ins to a wonderful experience. I've had two massages here and they have been great.  Very relaxing and soothing, what I think of as a more maintenance than curative massage.  Having recently been to a holistic doctor who beat me up, my second massage was a nice refresher of some of the things he fixed and made me feel better that I was taking care of some problems he had pointed out. The atmosphere is really friendly, albeit maybe a bit awkward.  Especially if you're me, a male grad student surrounded by well-to-do women.  But, they are all friendly and interesting to chat with - plus, you're in a dark room for most of the visit anyway. I'm not sure what normal massages cost - I get Groupons for this service - but they seem fair and balanced.  Give the gift of a massage, go with a group of friends, or jsut take yourself for a date.  It's pretty worth it.
I had a gel manicure done at this place and was a total waste of money. It looked fine for about 2 days before it started to come off. I didn't have a groupon and paid full price. The lady who did my nails was not very friendly. Now I understand why the place looked like its going out of business. I give it two stars because the quality of their gel product is awful and the service is not the best.
Got an ultimate spa pedicure with hot stones. The massage and stones were heavenly, but not very thorough and some nail polish was left on toes and not too even on the nails. I would expect a more thorough and neat job for $75.
I found my new spa! I was an avid customer at Spa at Falling Waters but the drive to Orchard Park from North Buffalo was long and I would be stressed out again by the time I got home. Spa at Park Lane is small, but it is cozy and relaxing. The facial and pedicure were amazing and the staff is SO friendly and knowledgeable. I don't care if there are only 40 nail polishes. They could have three; their services are wonderful and the girls are brilliant. The prices are comparable to other spas without the drive. I am very happy and will be back.
I had a 90 min facial today with Beth. It was so relaxing, she was wonderful! Highly recommend!
This is a nice small spa.  The employees are friendly.  Very nice building location.  I had a manicure and it was fine.  3 stars because I am used to lots of color selection, more pampering and more time spent.
I didn't feel much like a guest here... And the colors available are very very limited. In the end I still felt relaxed so J would come back if I had another living social discount. Otherwise it isn't worth it really.
I never considered paying for a massage, as I am perpetually broke. Despite my broke status, I've been on a mission to be as classy as possible lately. Lucky for me, a friend bought me a Groupon deal for my birthday (so nice!) - a 30-Minute deep tissue massage with organic hand scrub. 'Park Lane Spa?', I thought. 'Where is Park Lane??' The parlor is located in a beautiful building facing Gates Circle (+5 classy points). The ambiance is very calming and the staff is extremely nice. Even the water they gave me in the waiting area was classy! And the massage was amazing. Jessica did a great job. The deep tissue massage was just what I needed to work out the knots in my upper body. I'm now sold on massages. I ended up purchasing another 30-minute massage at the end to surprise my boyfriend with for his birthday.  This place also provides mani/pedis and facials. If you need a little relaxation in your life, treat yourself at Park Lane.
This spa is one of Buffalo's little hidden gems! Honestly it's one of the top spas based on service and the prices are not bad when you consider all that you're paying for. For five star friendly service, organic-based products, and a quiet relaxing environment go here.
I have been to many day spas and I have to say, this one is not anywhere near worth it.  If you buy a Groupon and get a massage for $35, I can see why you would think this place is a palace.  I paid $122 per hour for a "clinician" to rub a little exfoliant and moisturizer on my back and face, nothing more.  The rooms all have window air conditioners so you get to hear the constant start and stop of the compressor while trying to hear the relaxing music in the background...not so 5 star.  The "clinician" was very nice but the receptionist was very in-personable.  I was offered something to drink...tap water, and oh, a piece of fruit in it to make it special.  The woman that drank out of the glass before I did wore red lipstick.  The clinician who worked on me for an hour and a half checked me out with an I Pad....so hi tech.  There were three ways to leave a tip.  It's pre set for my convenience  15% 20% or 25%.  I felt embarrassed because I didn't want to choose any of the choices but I did feel that she deserved a tip.  I'm sorry, 15% on 90 minutes of rubbing exfoliant and moisturizer on me is not worth $16 an hour tip on top of what she is already being paid.  Massage therapists don't even earn that kind of money and the education is much more intense.  Nice address but that's about as good as it gets with this place.   I won't mention names but there are spas in Buffalo that truly do pamper you.  Several spas at this price level will offer wine, champagne, snacks, showers, whirlpool tubs, and "true" clinicians that actually know how to do a true facial.  Never again!
