OMG this place is so good!  Someone suggested we have dinner after my niece  performed in her school play.  When they said southern food I was a little suspect because I lived down south during my college years and I know GOOD SOUTHERN FOOD!  This place made me feel like I was back in the south!   I ordered the fired chicken, Mac and cheese and collared greens!  Wooooo slap ur grandmama in the face good!  We also ordered the fried cat fish, the short ribs, chicken strips and also a app sampler.  Everything was hot and fresh and not greasy.  Great portions also.  WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY! I now drive from Bay Ridge Brooklyn just to have dinner here.  It's a long drive but God it's good! Keep up the great work!  The staff is also excellent and on point to everyone's needs!
Came here with coworkers today and we all thoroughly enjoyed our dishes.  The helpings were HUGE, though.  We probably could have shared one dish between the three of us. I ordered the catfish with sweet potatoes and mac and cheese.  The catfish was solid.  Mac and cheese was super yummy, it wasn't too cheesy for me and it was baked to perfection.  The sweet potatoes are super flavorful and they give you a HUGE portion.  As I mentioned the catfish was solid, nicely baked and flaky, BUT when I go back, I will definitely be ordering the short ribs which my coworker ordered.  I think that was probably the table favorite -the meat was delicious and fell right off the bone.  She got a helping of collards as well, but we all found them to be too salty and overly seasoned.  She enjoyed her sweet potatoes and sweet tea/lemonade combo as well. Our last coworker got the chicken strips.  She thought they were going to be thicker, but they ended up being much thinner and she was surprised by how much she enjoyed them.  Also, we all found the herb fries to be very tasty.  She also ordered a lemonade which she loved. We brought a helping of the banana pudding back to the office and were in heaven for our afternoon snack.   Oh, how can I forget, our server was lovely and another server graciously brought me to the bathroom which is on the other side of the building -definitely awkward but oh well.   We will definitely back!  So glad we found this place -much of it was because of the Yelp reviews so thanks for the help, folks.
We took out from Sweet Potatoes recently and were very happy with it. Everything tasted homemade and made with fresh ingredients. Not something you'd typically expect from around here! That said, I don't think I would dine inside because it's extremely small. They have a bigger location a couple doors down, but I'm not sure if they have restaurant seating there. I was surprised by how well the food traveled overall (especially something like fried chicken), so we'll absolutely be back for more. The fried chicken was the real star of the show. It stayed very crispy despite being packaged up for a short car ride home. I think they brine the meat with herbs and vinegar or lemon; it really adds a great, unique flavor, and kept the white meat very juicy. You can choose between all white, all dark or a mixture of both. It's a little pricey for the amount you get (in our case it was a breast and a leg), but it's probably an unfair comparison to other fried chicken joints as they're usually the likes of cheap-as-all-get-out KFC and Popeye's. Plus, this is so much better. The braised short ribs were sweet, tangy and overall very enjoyable. You get a pretty nice sized portion compared to what other places give, and typically for a lot more money (despite it being a relatively cheap cut). The buffalo wings were big and flavorful, but will probably skip next time because that's the only thing that didn't travel well. They're coated with a breading, sauced, and packed tightly in a small container, so they got pretty soggy. The cornbread was great in my opinion, but the sweet cake-like variety, so it may turn off some folks. The collard greens were a bit too sweet for my liking, but not bad. The fresh-cut herb fries were good and a welcome sight. Too many other places drop frozen fries into a deep-fryer and that's always a disappointment. The sweet potato fries were good too, but they're really just roasted wedges, so don't expect typical fries. After my visit I learned there is parking in the back, which after checking out Google maps, seems a bit difficult to track down the entrance too. Looks like the entrance is around the corner near the gas station? I ended up parking in a permit spot down a side street in a pretty sketchy looking area.
The best soulfood spot in westchester, location is convenient,  food is great, prices are reasonable.
I've been walking past this restaurant every week for the past year but never had the "courage" to walk in. This place is situated just below the train tracks on north avenue. Parking is a challenge but manageable if you're from around the area. We had an order of jerk buffalo wings, they were delicious but they weren't real jerk wings. They were deep fried wings covered in a delicious jerk sauce. A bit salty but I like them this way. For the entree, we had the salmon and the braised short ribs. Both of these entrees were delicious but the salmon was one of the best I've ever had! My wife had the ribs and I couldn't stop picking at them. Every entree will include two sides, we tried the spinach, string beans, sweet potato fries and the yellow rice. All of these items were great but the sweet potato fries were indeed the most memorable. They're slightly glazed and aren't dripping in oil as you'd expect. Everyone seemed to be ordering dessert but we didn't have any room left. This is a small restaurant, I wouldn't recommend it for large groups unless you're doing take out. This restaurant does not serve alcohol either.  Next time I come here, I'm going to dodge the appetizer and go straight to the entree so I could try dessert.
After driving 15mins only to find out that they are closed on Mondays, the hubby and I returned on a Tuesday to this little piece of Southern Comfort heaven! The service was superb, super friendly and welcoming. Although the tables are few, you knew that magic was being made in the kitchen just from the energy of fellow patrons eating and orders being picked up and called in. Just thinking about the thirst quenching sweet tea and lemonade we ordered makes my mouth water. The perfect blend of sweet and refreshing. Our appetizer of fried catfish strips was presented fresh and hot w/ not one ounce of grease. The flakiness of the tender fish blew my mind! Our entrees were next; my southern fried chicken with Mac and cheese and corn bread was pure perfection. Hubby's chicken strips w/ herb fries and cornbread were just as good! We were sooo full from the goodness of our meals that we got a small banana pudding to go. Hours later on our couch while devouring the pudding we planned our next visit the best soul food spot ever! Amy Ruth's who???
Excellent Southern comfort food and huge portions! We stopped in Sweet Potatoes because we were in nearby Yonkers and couldn't find anything there to entice us. This place was small with maybe 6-7 tables but they also have an event space a few doors down for private parties. The people there are super nice. The one hostess even walked us over from the event space to the restaurant because we went in there by mistake. You can tell they have a lot of regulars because every person coming in to pick up food got a handshake and a "how have you been?" As soon as we were seated, they brought out complimentary salad with cranberries, nuts and goat cheese as well as a plate of fresh warm cornbread that was so moist it was like cake. Food was superb. We ordered the appetizer sampler with coconut shrimp, fried catfish, chicken strips, and crab cakes. These were well seasoned and served on a bed of rice and beans. The crab cakes tasted fresh and the catfish was to die for - I wish I had ordered that for my entree. For entrees, my husband had the braised short ribs with collard greens and candied yams and I had southern fried chicken with mac and cheese and spinach. The best thing we ate was the candied yams - it had a clove-y and sweet flavor. The chicken was good with a crisp breading that wasn't too salty. The short ribs tasted almost Asian - I think they used soy sauce in the glaze. The dishes were comforting and familiar and we had plenty left over to take home. We will definitely be back when in the area. Highly recommend!
Oh my gosh! The food here is SO good! SP threw me off a bit when I initially got there because the place is incredibly small. I didn't know what to expect because typically with southern food it can be a hit or miss in New York. Me and a friend ordered the platter which consisted of whiting, shrimp and crab cakes, and then we had the sweet potatoes and mac-n-cheese and boy was it good!!! I think I would have been good with just Mac n cheese and yams because it was truly out of this world good! Don't forget the cornbread when you go. It is a must have! Def will be back to this place.
Driving north from DC to Boston we found  this amazing place on Yelp and stopped for one of the BEST meals we've had in a long time -- and so on our way back to DC a week later we stopped Again, and loved it a second time!  The  catfish is perfectly fried (light), the collard greens, yams and sweet potatoes are delicious....and the banana pudding perfect.  It's also really easy off 95, and the young people who waited on us were so friendly and polite. Go to this place!
We ordered from sweet potatoes last minute for an easter dinner that nobody felt like cooking. My girlfriend and I had a craving for chicken and waffles, but did not want to travel too far. This seemed reasonable since it was down the street from her mothers house. Now, as for the food, it was mixed. The fried chicken was good. Breading was nicely seasoned, chicken was done right, not too greasy or dry. Mac n cheese was good but not great. Potato salad was very good. I will give it to them on the cornbread though, it was phenomenal. My girlfriends mother liked the fish very much as well. As for the deserts, the apple cobbler was bland but the banana pudding was delicious. The service is where they lost their points. My order was 70 bucks. Not saying it's a large scale catering order, but 70 dollars is decent business. When I called up to let them know that they forgot the syrup for the waffles and if they could kindly deliver it ( down the street mind you) I was put on hold for about 10 minutes while the girl who answered the phone tried to figure out a solution. She was extremely nice and offered a free desert, but I told her this would not help the problem at hand. She told me there wasn't any way she could send a delivery driver out due to them being really busy. Having worked in enough restaurants and food establishments I know that this would not cut it. I was pissed off, but discovered that banana pudding on waffles is a great substitute. I considered it a win none the less.  I would return, but certainly would double check the bag before I left. Also, space is extremely small so I would suggest take-out.
Really good soul food!! Perfectly crispy and cooked fried chicken, cornbread, candied yams, chicken strips,  iced tea. The fried catfish nuggets were very crispy as well but the actual fish was very soft, not sure if it's supposed to be that mushy? Herb fries were ok, too thick and not crispy enough. Sweet potato fries were not really fries - more like roasted wedges but had a nice vinegary flavor. Mac and cheese was cheesy but too soft for my taste - a little less cook or some breadcrumbs would have helped. Got lemonade also which just tasted like sugar water.....didn't really want to pay $10+ dollars for that which he kept refilling even though I wanted a water. However the food here is consistently good. They'll usually give you a complimentary salad or something too. Portions are HUGE - enough for 2+ servings. No room for dessert this time :-\
I love this place the Mac and cheese is amazing. The wings are nicely seasoned and  well cooked which makes them so irresistible. I like the collard greens but wasn't in love but overall it was some really great food not common for this area. I will be returning frequently. I had a to go order so next time will dine in
First off, parking in the area is difficult depending on the time of day you visit.  Be prepared and armed with quarters for the meters. The actual restaurant is very small.  Seats 8-10 at the most?  It wasn't an issue for me and my husband, I actually enjoyed the quaintness and ambiance.  The tables and chairs are small but sizable enough to be comfortable (think Dallas BBQ how they have the tables quite close to each other).  They have a catering hall a few doors over which I believe they open up to the public on Sundays from 1 to 5, but I suggest you call first to confirm space/seating.  While we were dining there were a lot of patrons coming in to pick up orders that they called in which is definitely a great option. I had the seafood combination plate.  I chose whiting, shrimp, and crab cakes along with the collard greens and potato salad.  The whiting was light and airy, the shrimp were succulent and fried perfectly.  the crab cakes were delish too.  Best collard greens I've ever eaten in my life.  My husband had the fried wings along with the mac n cheez and the candied yams.  Again, everything was cooked to perfection, and the portions were so big that we ended up taking lots of food home.  I forgot to mention that they started us with a nice house salad that was also delicious, and unexpected. My dish, the seafood combination was the most expensive thing on the menu (I think) at $23, and I feel that the plate more than lived up to it's price - taste wise and portion wise.  Our bill was just under $50 which included the two entrees and beverages - sweet tea, a lemonade, and a soda.   I'm mad that I'm just finding out about this spot.  I am not exaggerating when I say this is probably some of the best soul food that I've ever eaten.  I have stored their number in my phone, and plan to call them on the regular to satisfy my fried whiting addiction. Highly recommend.  Hopefully you'll be waited on by Phillip who was gracious and made our visit all the more pleasant.
Food is awesome.. The great service made it better... Our waiter was on point.. He tended to our needs without us asking... Establishment is kinda small so take out is recommended. Located near the 95 makes it accessible for the take out. Will definitely be visiting again..
Awesome Awesome Soul Food and so far everything I have tried has been great. This place is consistent with the taste
The food here is absolutely incredible!! I had the salmon with spinach and sweet potato fried....wow! The staff is very polite and the service is fast and efficient. The only downside is that it is very small inside. Otherwise...it's a must!!!
Wow. I went to a party last night that was catered by sweet potatoes, and I wanted to write this review immediately. It is probably some of the best soul food I've ever had in my entire life. They had catfish, fried chicken,yams, collard greens, baked macaroni and cheese, and cornbread. To say it was all incredible is an understatement. Everything tasted the way it would taste coming from a grandma's kitchen in the south! Do yourself a favor and get up to this place. He has something amazing going on. Please open a place in NYC soon!!!!
Great food wonderful half and half, loved the prices and the cornbread was nice and moist
So I was actually able visit this restaurant. Let me start of by saying it is rather small, but it wasn't crowded and it was a Friday night. Most people that came i n ordered their food to go. Now I must warn you I am ultra picky when it comes to my food, especially my soul food.  I haven't found to many soul food places I actually like. In regards to the staff, I must say they were very pleasant. The young man that served  me and my friend was very polite and attentive. No complaints here when it comes to the service. Now on to the food. I ordered baked mac & cheese, yams, collard greens, and friend chicken. With a iced tea. The baked mac and cheese was good. The yams were really good, the collard greens were amazing and the chicken was awesome. I was surprised at how tasty the chicken was. The iced tea was even good. Not too sweet, not to bland. My friend ordered the salmon, spinach, and brown rice. He loved it as well. I never seen a place give such a large piece of Salmon before. I was treated here for my birthday by my friend. And I actually ordered some sides to take home for my family to try. They loved it as well! Needless to say I loved the food. I meant to post an updated review sooner but simply forgot. One thing I was not too pleased with is after my initial review I received a "compliment" which was not one in my opinion, from someone who works there. It started of saying "you really missed out, we had a party of 5 and were accommodated just fine" Let me start of by saying when a customer or "potential" posts a review and it may not be the most positive, no matter how mad the owner or workers may be it never a good idea to show you have an attitude and tell them they missed out. I think that its great that people open up businesses but it is never a good idea to put people in positions to communicate with customers when they don't know how. While the food made be good Customer service is extremely important.It was not my fault a simple question such as do you take reservations was hard for your worker to answer. It really isn't a difficult question, certainly not enough to frazzle him as the worker stated.
Speechless! First off this place took me by surprise. The atmosphere was beyond prefect. Every server took pride in what they did & where they work and u can tell b/c they treat u like royalty. The food is fit for a palace! Every single morale was to die for.  I'm from the south and we love seasoning our food to perfection and with a lot of restaurants up here they don't season.  But not Sweet Potato. I felt like I was back home.  Not to mention free refills honey! By far one of few of the best soul food restaurants I've had up North.
Sweet potato is average. The layout inside has a cozy feeling but in terms of the food it was OK ... the banana pudding was a letdown though, it tasted extremely artificial but I guess you get what you pay for right?
Overall I give this place 3.5 stars (but yelp only allows for full star) * First star is for price. We had a fried chicken platter, and the cat fish platter that came with a unique and fresh salad, and two generous sides. At $12 a plate... you undoubtedly  get a bang for your buck! ** Second star is for quality. The fried chicken was perfectly moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside, and the catfish was simply light and delicious. The Mac and Cheese was to die for! If I only got to choose one side it would certainly be that. *** Third star is for variety. This place  is something different from the typical pizza parlor, or fast food burger joints we are offered as an affordable way to feed ourselves. Successful southern cooking in the northeast! ***1/2* The half star is given because the place is seriously TINY. Its one thing to be a small and cozy restaurant, but it becomes uncomfortable when all of the 5 tables are full, and the waiter has a hard time getting around because the backs of peoples chairs are nearly touching. The service was also slacking. Maybe we caught her on a bad day but I asked her for salt in which she just looked at me and walked over to another table. When I re-asked for the salt.. she looked over and said " I heard you, its coming". I'm sorry but a tiny acknowledgement such as a head nod, or simple ok would have been sufficient. Will definitely be back.
I ate here with my girlfriends. The place was small but the food was delicious. The cornbread was buttery, the collard greens were savory, the coconut shrimp was fried perfectly and the coconut was not overwhelming. I would definitely eat here again.
Didn't realize there were two separate areas to this restaurant. There's the take out section, which has about four tables and then there's the restaurant side, which was closed Friday afternoon, which has over six tables or so. As for the food, it was great. Ordered the combination plate, catfish and short ribs of beef, plus candied yams and Mac and cheese....all very delicious. We will definitely be back to order out. One other note, the young guy at the counter was very polite and attentive.
The best food around!  Made with lots of love and flavor. If you are in the area you must go....if you are not in the area...gas up the car and take a trip.   I always get the catfish, mac n cheese with  collard greens..yummy yummy. Have also tried fried chicken, salmon, crab cake and shrimps all delish.  Leave a little room for dessert because its so good too.  Did I mention the reasonable prices in this cute cozy little place.   Can you tell I like it? =) Annie
We enjoyed the lover delight selection... Consist of 3 meats and two sides. The cat fish, shrimp, was amazing. I give the crab cake 4 stars. But so delis :) super small in this location. But we were so hungry we shacked up in the corner and dug in that meal. Oh! and that corn bread was whew! so so so good. Awesome food, we will be back. Me and my two amigas
This restaurant has amazing food! The ambiance was lovely at night. It is small but it is a calm and beautiful environment. If you do want a big party of like 12 or so, you would definitely have to reserve in advance. Overall, the food was superb! I'm about to get some macaroni and cheese and corn bread again right now actually!
Let me start by saying that I'm from the South, so good soul food is what I know best, and not just mom's recipes, but varied as we always ate around on special weekends, family gatherings, and holidays. So when at the last moment, we decided on Valentine dinner and a movie, I went with New Rochelle and found this jewel, reminiscent of Southern cooking at its finest. I mean the mac/cheese rivaled moms, and the fried catfish nuggets were good on their own, but coupled with the spicy/sweet sauce, you will overeat. LOL.  Also, be sure to try the fried chicken, just right, not bready or greasy.
Really lovely service. VERY small place, not good for big parties. Large portions. FANTASTIC genuine southern style sweet tea and cornbread. Collards were a little sour, not my favorite. Catfish was quite good, lightly fried.
Review for Sunday Brunch: Decent. Not amazing. Very limited selection & small for a "buffet" style. $21 pp buffet consists of: No whole fried chicken! Only wings & drumsticks. That's just lame to me. Chicken & penne pasta, candied yams (delish), scrambled eggs, pre made French toast, Turkey hot dogs cut down the middle (NOT turkey sausage as we were told over the phone), fried catfish tenders (good), Mac & cheese, excellent salad w baby greens, fresh pineapple, cranberries, & blue cheese, very moist corn bread. Unlimited lemonade, sweet tea & water for $2.50 extra. The atmosphere is upbeat, a mix of soul, hip hop & jazz music, comfortable seating. Fun for groups. Review for lunch: Solid soul food, not wholly southern food. Priced a la carte for lunch so it can get pricey. Excellent fried catfish & shrimp- good crunch, nicely seasoned, tender fish & the shrimp were perfectly cooked. The house salad was comprised of tender mixed baby greens, blackberries, grapes, cherry tomatoes, orange sections & a sweet house made vinaigrette  - so fresh & full of  flavor. Loved the candied yams. The sauce was a bit overwhelming but sweet and buttery. Fried chicken was moist, not overly seasoned but nice golden crispiness. Not the best I've had to be sure, but it was good. The collard greens are amazing! Perfectly cooked, not overly done. Made w smoked turkey leg rather than w ham hock . I'd go back just for a plate of these greens and some hot sauce! The sweet tea was good too. The Mac and cheese is too mushy for my taste. Yet the rice w kidney beans had good flavor. Itsy bitsy interior for lunch. Service was slow. I had to ask a lot of questions before I ordered as our server was reserved and did't offer to walk us through the menu. Parking in the area is a total hassle.
I tried this small, great smelling restaurant yesterday the food was delicious.  I had the honey salmon, Mac and cheese , and spinach it was all so tasty. My sons had the fried chicken, collards, and Mac and cheese they too enjoyed their food. Lastly, hubby had the short ribs, yams, and yellow rice not one complaint. Found a new place to get good southern cooking.
So what if to use the bathroom you gota go outside and next store. Or  just pee before you come here...simple. AT this four seater Soul Food joint you get; a complimentary salad fried white chicken candied yams almost twice the size of harlem mac-n-cheese and of course hot sauce                                            ALL FOR TWELVE BUCKS
Again, thanks to Yelpers for drawing me to this off-the-beaten-path restaurant that I would absolutely not have tried if it weren't for the positive reviews. My family and I were staying at a local hotel for a wedding and, despite a longish walk from the hotel in not the nicest neighborhood,we arrived at Sweet Potatoes. We (5 of us) almost didn't go in because it was so small, but with a friendly welcome from the gentleman inside, we were seated at one of the very few tables. To cut to the chase, the service was excellent and the food was also terrific--amongst us all we ate fried chicken, mac & cheese, sweet potato fries (too syrupy for me), cornbread, collard greens, catfish, and a very nice salad. Huge portions allowed for leftovers of fried chicken that hit the spot. Definitely recommend!
The best soul food in the tristate area. I have been to so many soul food spots all over NYC, but Sweet Potatoes is by far the best. There is a buffet on the weekends from 1pm-5pm.  I suggest going to the buffet because you can try all of their amazing dishes. They have everything from chicken strips, to collard greens. The fried catfish was delicious! The service was also notworthy. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Only thing that can be better is the amount of desserts they have.  However, after the buffet you won't have room for dessert. I can't speak more highly of this restaurant. Go check it out for yourself.
The chicken and waffles were extremely underwhelming. From a soul food joint, I had high hopes for the fried chicken. Instead I got a couple pieces of dried out and over cooked chicken. I forgot what my husband ordered...talk about underwhelming. The restaurant itself was tiny and greasy. I would definitely recommend that you get your food to go so you don't have to squeeze yourself into this 2 table room.
My friend recommended me to this restaurant on Friday and the restaurant is beautiful and clean. I order the combo of Chicken and Catfish with side of Mac and Cheese and Collard Greens. The mac and cheese was off the hook. I didnt expect the Mac and Cheese to have real cheese in it. It was amazing. I would recommend this place to anyone. The Fried Chicken was well seasoned and like having a festival in your mouth. This place was like having my mothers cook and my parents are from the south. I miss there cooking but this restaurants makes me taste it any time I want it.
I give the food a five star. It was really good one of the best i had. I had the ckicken and waffles with a side of poatatoe salad. My husband had southern fried chivken with yams and yellow rice, yumm everything was so so good. The only down thing is that its a very small place only about 4 tables and today was very very cold out so everytime someone will come in i was feeling thr cold air.
I like this place alot... It's small and cozy, only enough seating for about 10 people total. It's in a not so great area of new Rochelle, but don't let that deter you from trying this place if you're in the mood for some great soul food. The fried chicken is definitely the star here, some of the best I've ever had.  Short ribs entree was also very good.. Fall apart tender.  The sauce on it was a hair on the sweet side, but still very very good.   The mac n cheese was good, if you like really cheesy mac n cheese.  I prefer mine a bit more balanced, with a crunch to it..so these weren't my style. I dont normally love collard greens, but they do them very well. The cornbread is some of the best I've ever had, make sure you get some. The portions are all huge and reasonably priced for what you get. I've never made it to dessert, since I've been so stuffed all 3 times I came... so can't comment on those unfortunately. Give it a try... You'll be happy you did
Sweet potato has been my favorite spot for some amazing food! It's relatively not too pricy. It's a small place with few tables. Their service is great and again food is unbelievable.
WWWOOOWWWWzerr! I greedily ate every last bite! Ok, so there are two locations, one is the little whole in the wall spot and the other is the new snazzy location they just built for private events. I went into the bigger, more spacious, and oh yea most importantly air conditioned venue two doors down. I must say I was not disappointed ! I am always looking for a new soul food spot, and was happy to hear of this place from a co-worker while at lunch. She was hesitant to tell me where it was since she wanted to keep it all to herself. Thank the heavens she divulged her secret. My bf and I went right before going to a BBQ. Yes, it wasn't smart to eat before we were supposed to attend an eating event, but whatevs, we were hungry. We were seated immediately and allowed to get our food. We got the catfish strips, collard greens, sweet potatoes, rice, fried chicken, etc... I forget because I eventually hit a food coma. It was that dang good. OOOHH AND BEST PART IS....It was all you can eat!!! I mean now really does it get any better!! HECK NO! Now I can't assure you they will still have this deal available since we went when the second location just opened, but regardless just go and eat. It's a clean and friendly location with some good ol' grub. Nothing like some home cooking to set the mood right.... Go eat, take the leftovers home, take a nap, and eat again. Happy lunches!
Outstanding!! If you're in the mood for some really good soul food this is your place! You can eat in (only have about 6 tables) or take it to go. Either way, you will not be disappointed! Bring your appetite though because the portions are huge! We had the braised short ribs with mac and cheese and collards and the fried chicken with candied yams and collards. Needless to say I was sitting sideways I was so full even though I wrapped a huge portion. Food was delicious and service was friendly. I will definitely be going back only I may start the meal backwards so I can actually try the desserts!
This place totally deserves its great rating. The food is delicious, cheap, promptly and courteously served, and nicely presented. I had a combo with short ribs, southern fried chicken, greens, and mac n' cheese. To top it all off I had some homemade sweet tea and lemonade. The short ribs had a tangy sauce and were so tender. The fried chicken was lightly fried and seasoned just enough. The sides were perfect also, it was all great. And the portions were ample.
This was my second visit to this wonderful establishment within a month. I live in Queens so it's a little out of the way but soooooo worth it. Once again the good was excellent. The Turkey Meatloaf, the catfish, the cornbread...even the Ice Tea and Lemonade are amazing.
Great restaurant!  Went there for a quick meal during a short study break. Wow, although it's small in size the restaurant packed a huge punch! All the different flavors and smells. The chicken was juicy,  rice and peas were flavorful, crab cakes were good, mac and cheese was great!  I loved it and glad I found this restaurant!  Will definitely be back!
Always a pleasure to eat at this little slice of heaven! Friendly staff and awesome food that speaks for itself! Stuffed and happy is always how I leave!  Cornmeal crusted shrimp and fried catfish is literally to die for. Crab cake melts in your mouth. You really can't go wrong with whatever you order. Come hungry because the portions are plentiful! Owner Sean is a delight!
We were looking for a place to host a small wedding reception, someone told us about Sweet Potatoes. I AM GLAD they did, we went up on a Sunday to meet with Sean, and he reassured us no stone will be left unturned. Sean, Dahlia you guys are the best. The food was AWESOME, (catfish strips are a must, potatoes salad the BOMB, yams, sweet potatoe fries with ginger sauce.......the list goes on and on. We will be back!
Excellent fried chicken, excellent catfish. I love their mac and cheese and greens. The appetizer sampler is a great way to start your meal. I admire Sean and Chad for taking a place the size of a small Chinese take-out joint and throwing in a giant dose of imagination and design sensibility to create a beautiful space with delicious food. They do a brisk take-out business. Check out their site for info on catering too.
My family of 3 and I went t Sweet Potatoes for the first time on Saturday night.  We actually dined in.  They close at 10pm and we arrived around 9:15pm.  The waiters were awesome and we even received a complimentary house salad that was actually tasty.  I ordered the fried chicken, mac n cheese and collard greens.  Which was very good and I am a southern food lover.  My daughter ordered the chicken and waffles and my husband ordered the fried fish mac n cheese and potato salad.  They gave him 5 large pieces of fried fish.  They WERE NOT cheap with the portions either.  The prices were reasonable.  We ordered 4 meals and 3 desserts and 4 drinks (that were free refills) our bill came to $82.00.  The food came out fast and hot.  Although, it was 9:58pm when we were leaving we were not rushed...The actual restaurant probably seats about 8 people however, they have a catering hall about 3 doors down were the restrooms are located.  Overall our experience was great and we will be back!
We were in New Rochelle for a soccer tournament and looking for a place for lunch.  Trusty Yelp! led us to Sweet Potatoes.  A tiny restaurant with about 5 tables and a pleasant atmosphere, Sweet Potatoes is a great find.  With jazz playing in the background and friendly service, it is definitely more restaurant than carry out . We had fried catfish with sweet potato fries and fried chicken with collards and candied yams.  The started us off with a nice salad of mixed greens with fruit, bleu cheese, and a raspberry vinaigrette.  I'm not a fan of fruit dressings, but the salad was fresh and refreshing.   All the fried things were great.  The catfish was very light with a crisp coating and served over a bed of pilaf with tarter sauce and a spicy, smoky dressing.  The fries unfortunately were over seasoned with a treacly sweet sauce and an over abundance of fresh herbs (mostly rosemary).  There is a tendency toward sweet things at Sweet Potatoes. When we ordered, they did offer to switch out the fries with a different side.  I'd do that next time. The fried chicken was equally good --again served over rice.  The yams were sweet, as to be expected, but not overly so.  The collards were slightly sweet and cooked with smoked turkey.   Looking at other tables, there was a lot of beautifully fried food.  I'd probably focus on that along with standards like Mac and Cheese. We got a banana pudding for dessert.  It was on the whipped creamy side rather than puddingy.  It too, was very sweet.  I wish it had more banana in it. There is no bathroom in the restaurant.  There is one a couple of doors down at a catering hall they have that patrons can use.  They serve a jazz brunch on Sunday. Worth a visit!
The food was delicious. We were looking for a local soul food restaurant so we searched Yelp and decided on Sweet Potato. It was amazing. I had braised short ribs with mac-n-cheese and collard greens. My boyfriend had fried chicken with spinach and steak fries. The portions were so big we took them home for dinner along with a banana pudding. Everything was amazing!!! We highly recommend it.
Seriously, eating here is an experience! A friend of mine brought me here on Sunday and I had no idea what to expect. I actually wanted breakfast food and thought I wouldn't enjoy it. But I enjoyed every moment of my time at Sweet Potatoes! From the moment we walked in, I was pleased with the decor. Do note that the place is very small and can only seat 3 parties at a time. However, hole in the wall spots usually have the best meals! After we ordered, we received a house salad and then some time later we received an appetizer. Neither was expected nor your regular treats. I was so excited when the salad came out, thought I would pass out from excitement when the appetizer came out, and couldn't help but dance when my entree arrived --- I know, I can be a bit much, but like I said, my visit here was an experience! Overall, Sweet Potatoes meets all of my expectations when going out to eat which are good decor, good service, and great food. I highly recommend this establishment. And I will be back next Sunday!
Ok this was excellent way to spend brunch. Staff was very friendly and attentive. We  lucked to also come for brunch on 2 nd Sunday  of the month  with a live jazz band performing.  Selection was off the chain a nice variety. Salmon  was excellent, fried chicken was seasoned to perfection. Now the Mac/ cheese was amazingly good. The Grande parlor perfectly showcases southern food with elegance. The other location is chic as also  too nice to be called the takeout area. I felt it was also nice area to have lunch or dinner with friends. The should never be considered a last resort!! It was a pleasure I will tell a friend and i will return keep it up!
Great comfort food, had the fried chicken, catfish, various sides and deserts.  All is yummy.  Tiny spot, 3-4 tables, but you can also order take out.  Friendly staff, fam owned business.
Food taste great. Great service. They serve you large amounts which is great. The prices are fair. The only thing I can complain about is the size of the place it's really small. There is probably about 4 tables. I had the chicken and waffle you must try it here if you never had it before.
Food is average but not terrible. Catfish is decent Cornbread is so so The actual sweet potatoes is average The price is great tho.... I would say u pay 1/3 of the price of Alvin and Friends but the food itself is only a step below.  Sorry Alvin, you're a wonderful host but that's the cold truth.
Had food catered from this place.  Quality is still solid.  Fried chicken was amazing and Coconut Shrimp was probably the best I ever had.  I did have one complaint.  We ordered the salad, which is delicious and was definitely prepared with care.  But because there's a lot of fresh fruit on it, it took a while and we had to wait.  None of the fruit had started to change color, but that meant that the chicken and shrimp were not piping hot.  I wouldn't hesitate catering from them since everything tasted great, but I might skip on the salad from a timing perspective.  I'm looking forward to eating at the restaurant again so I can try the shrimp fresh out of the fryer!!!
Idk if I went on an off day, mac n cheese was great, greens were cold... waited 45 mins for the food, but I would give a 2 try
Place was amazing!! Food was delicious and plentiful. We used to drive all the way to Harlem to get some good soul food...will not be doing that anymore. Now we have it right in our "backyard." Staff was friendly. Beware, place is very small but that adds to the specialness of the dining experience. Had the fried chicken, candied yams and Mac-n-cheese. Seems simple but it was Wonderful!! My praises!!
Delicious food, enormous portions, and friendly staff. While seated our waiter was very attentive. After placing our order a salad with blue cheese, cherry tomatoes, grapes, apples, pineapples, and cranberries drizzled with house-made raspberry vinaigrette. An excellent start and was just enough to whet our appetites.   I ordered the fried chicken platter with mac&cheese and candied yams, and it was an absolute knockout. Chicken was tender, skin was lightly fried and had a wonderful crunch that lasted throughout the meal. The mac had melted cheese on top, tender noodles and a just-right (not too sharp or mellow) taste - some parsley on top provided an nice flavor contrast. Yams were sweet, earthy, and dense. A little sweet tea throughout the meals went a long way, almost as though as the food emphasized the flavor of the tea while the sweetness was toned down. I was able to nibble on some collard greens, chicken breast strips, and sweet potatoes. All great, the sweet potatoes were caramelized and had a vinegar added - 'twas a sticky (very sticky) treat. Definite recommend and plan to return in the near future.
I came here today for brunch with my boyfriend and our first thought was HOW TINY the place was. it seats only 10 people. I didn't care because based on the reviews before I came,they already said it was a small space. My BF is tall so he had his complaints. It was freezing in there but once we got our food, I wasn't worried about that!. I had the Chicken and waffle. It was sooooooo good! The lemonade was seriously homemade not to sweet  just perfect. The staff was really nice. The young lady there was the waitress and cashier. She was doing her thing. Great place, friendly people and a lot of take outs. I can tell who were the regulars because of how the staff was happy to see them. Not a 5 star because.....it wasn't THE BEST stuff on earth but it was defiantly a great spot. I would go again. If i had dessert, Im sure It would be a 5!
Braised short ribs,  Mac and cheese,  collard greens, cornbread,  yams... All taste extraordinary and then you get the check and do a chair dance. Very affordable and delicious. Just wish the dine in area was larger so I could bring my compadres.
Driving through on our way to D.C. from Cambridge, Mass I looked on Yelp for a place to eat lunch and found this gem. The staff is super friendly and the food is fantastic! The dining area was a little lacking because it's small, but on Sundays they have a larger catering hall a couple of doors down where you can get a brunch buffet and listen to jazz. I ordered the fried whiting with herbed fries. Along with the very generous portion of fish and fries I got a salad. It was all so good! And cheap! The total for my food, my daughter's side of mac and cheese and a very good lemonade was $17.and some change. I told them they should charge more. Seriously...good.
Food is consistent and delicious! It's a heavy meal so you may end up in a food coma!!! I catered the Mac n cheese for my son's 1st bday and it was a hit!!!! Definitely will return when the craving for southern food attacks!!!
The food was SOOOOOO delicious, & tasted homemade & fresh. The place itself is tiny and has about five tables. Their salad is so yummy, the catfish isn't greasy, the chicken is fall off the bone delish, the mac & cheese is awesome, and the banana pudding is AMAZING! Like I said before, it really feels like a good home cooked meal that doesn't have all that processed junk (plus they have good portions/great prices). Although the neighborhood seems a bit sketchy, the workers/servers were extremely sweet.
After reading several reviews on this spot, I rolled through last week.  I found the food to be pretty good.  I ordered the Barbecue Ribs, Mac&Cheese, and collard greens.  It was all good, however I have had better greens by far.  They were just ok., kinda bitter--they needed more neck bones and  some more spice.  The Mac&Cheese was good and the Ribs were nice and tender.  A tad bit sweet.  I also found the Ice Tea to be a tad bit too sweet for my taste.  Other then that it was good.  My complaint is that this is an extremely SMALL spot! Tiny is more accurate.  Also the wait time was excessive.  However, for a teanee weenie spot in New Rochelle, it knocked Amy Ruths in Harlem, USA right out the box...real talk!
I tried to go here yesterday afternoon....calling ahead of time..no-one picked up...couldn't leave a message because the message box was full, , I stopped by because I was in the area. The place was closed... And I could not find the places hours anywhere.... Mind you this is Monday @ 6:30 PM....
I first came to Sweet Potatoes about a year ago for my birthday and at the time they only had one venue space. We had the entire restaurant (although small at the time) to ourselves. Very intimate, beautifully decorated table, and the service/ set up and food was spectacular. You could definitely tell a lot of love was put into not only the food but everything around. Now I was very proud and pleased to hear and see that they were able to occupy another nearby space, and we decided to come here to celebrate my brothers birthday this year and mothers day in one. Once again the decor was absolutely beautiful. On the downside it was a bit warm in there but still a very comfortable environment. The food was very tasty although I can only judge on the greens and sweet potato( due to a recent diagnosis of gluten intolerance) by the way I didnt have a problem busting down ALL the food last year...but with my new diagnosis I couldnt really enjoy it all. It was buffet style which I wasnt completely expecting but didnt mind because you can eat all you can eat lol ( i had only one plate because once again i'm limited on what I can eat).  This was my second time there and will definitely be back a third.
Well. So there I was, hankering for some Southern fried chicken. And found out from 'the other board' that Yvonne's is closed until further notice. I hope it reopens. Soon. And found out that Westchester, bless its white bread little heart, is a wasteland when it comes to Southern fried chicken. And feeling hopeful when I read on 'the other board' that Sweet Potatoes in New Rochelle had really good fried chicken. So I tried it. And found out that those on 'the other board' don't know their fried chicken from a hole in the wall. And that Westchester is STILL a wasteland when it comes to fried chicken (I've had the real stuff in other states, so I know). The lunch, at $10.00, is no bargain. I'll get to why later. It tasted okay, the chicken skin was good, the string beans were okay, and the sweet potato fries were really like oven sweet potato slices, like I make. I've had sweet potato fries that were fried and crispy and sang. These 'fries' didn't sing. But why was it no bargain for $10.00? Because when I got the package, it seemed light. Why did it seem light? Well, because it had in it: a wing, and a thigh. Not a nice, meaty, juicy thigh, but a stingy thigh with the nasty bone part attached, you know the bone part that has the disgusting kidney thing in it? This still had the nasty kidney thing in it, all fried up. Dis...................gusting. So I ate the wing, ate the skin off the thigh, and gave the meat -- minus the nasty kidney thing, even I wouldn't treat my dog like that -- from the thigh to my dog. Lessons learned: a. don't go back to Sweet Potatoes, who should KNOW how to make their fried chicken. b. those on 'the other board' don't know nuthin' 'bout no fried chicken. Live and learn, right?
Best southern food that I've had by far.  The catfish with sweet potato fries was amazing!!!  I am definitely coming here again!!!!!  Dare I say it's better than Amy Ruth's in the city!!!
So I called in an order for pickup, they said 20 minutes - and I showed up in 15.  I had to wait 10 more minutes in line for them to finish with another (one) customer.  Then when I step up to tell them I was picking up, they had no record of my order.  I recited what I ordered twice and the person who took the order (for some reason I remembered the name) which did not help, and then the owner overheard this all and said I'll get right on it give me 5 minutes.   In fairness, he did turn it out pretty quickly - but not 5 minutes.  Of course, this half hour of waiting in the restaurant meant I needed a shower to get the smell of fried food off of me, but I digress... I ordered fried chicken and waffles, mac and cheese, and sweet potato pie.   I'm generally not a fried chicken person, but when in Rome... The wings that came with it were actually really good, some of the best fried chicken I've had.  The breast was a little dry, but edible.   Unfortunately, the waffle was disappointing, it was just kind of soggy and doughy. I don't know if this is because they rushed to get my order out or what, but it was a letdown.  The Mac n'cheese was nothing special, the typical southern style with overdone macaroni and greasy cheese... it needed salt (and I almost never add salt) or some flavor.  The sweet potato pie was pretty good, but too sweet for my taste. I'd probably lean more towards a 2.5 star rating, but overall I was pretty disappointed - so 2 it is.
Ok, i'm currently in a food coma, so forgive me if i ramble. if you read no further just know one thing AWE.............some! There are two things very small about Sweet Potatoes; 1. only 4 tables and 2. the prices. we started with the complimentary house salad, let me say i've had salads in some of the finest and most expensive restaurants in the country and this one was as beautiful and tasty as any i've ever had. perfectly sliced apples, grapes, delightful greens and a great raspberry vinaigrette. then came a surprise in the form of a tasting plate of appetizers. delish delicate perfectly fried chicken strings, shrimp and crabcake. entrees came and we were already on our way to food coma heaven. fried chicken and braised short ribs. the ribs were fall apart tender and the chicken perfectly crisp and well seasoned. the sides, sauteed spinach with garlic was as good as it gets. candied yams sweet and succulent. only the mac n cheese was pedestrian. good but not up to the level of everything else. one other down mark was the sweet tea. too sweet even for this boy of the deep south. a little more tea a little less sugar please. the owner/host/waiter/cashier was gracious, humble, hard working and maintained patience working in such a small environment. i heartily  recommend Sweet Potatoes, just please don't tell too many of your friends!
I went to Sweet Potatoes last night for the first time, and boy was it delicious! I ordered the combo dinner, which came with 2 meats and 2 sides. I got chicken, fish, candied yams and corn bread. It was SO much food, I had to take half home. They also gave us salad for free, and a complimentary appetizer. I'm not sure but I think all dinners come with a salad. The place is TINY, but it's a good atmosphere, and great to come with friends, which is what I did. I will definitely be back!
Just go to this place!!! The food is great!!! Don't waste your time reading about how some guy who knows chicken was disappointed. Reality, he probably was on a date and she dumped him, leaving him with the bill.
Went in for dinner and we came out a stuffed very happy campers.  The food was excellent, starting with an appetizer sampler, BBQ wings,  and complimentary salad.  Short ribs slid off the bones and melted in our mouths.  Seasoned potatoes were a sweet treat as was the mac and cheese.  Portions were very generous with plenty to take home.  Don't forget the corn bread, banana pudding or the apple cobbler.  Service was very good, with college kids who cared about your experience.  I heartily recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for authentic southern cooking at extremely reasonable prices.
Solid across the board. We had the seafood sampler as an appetizer, fried chicken, fried shrimp and honey glaze salmon which were all phenomenal. The only thing which i was annoyed about was that our appetizer came out after our meal but otherwise everything was good.
We ordered the fried chicken and herb chicken with yummy sides at very reasonable prices.  Word to wise though, better for take out then dining in as the space is tiny.......
This restaurant is reliable for great food. I have only ordered take-out as their main kitchen is only suited for one seated party. Maybe 2. They have recently opened a regular-sized space a couple doors down.
We went on a snowy evening and the service was quick and the food was tasty. Lots of "comfort food."  There are about 6 tables in the takeout/sit in restaurant.  The food was tasty with a slight variation on the regular Southern food.  Each dish has lots of herbs and flavors that enhance the dish.  $20 minimum for credit cards.  The mac/cheese, sweet potato fries were yummy and the lightly breaded chicken, seafood was also flavorful.  Every Sunday they have a brunch menu (1-5pm) at their restaurant three doors down and I was told the 2nd and 4th Sundays there is a live jazz band and make reservations early in advance.  A quick, tasty meal on a snowy day....definitely try it out.
The place is small but the food & service is awesome! I had the most amazing yams with fried chicken & mac & cheese. Prices are reasonable. A must go for good home make southern cooking
Great hidden Soul Food spot in Westchester!  It is very small but I recommend if you can sit in and eat because you get all the bells and whistles if you do!  I highly recommend this spot!  It is a must visit!
Honestly speaking... This restaurants offers up some of the best southern cuisine I've tasted in NYC and it's neighboring counties... I personally have a thing for the Fried Catfish & Southern Fried Chicken... The Mac-N-Cheese is excellent... I would also try there desserts too... especially the Banana Pudding & Peach Cobbler... I make it my business to at least eat from there twice a month...
If you are in Westchester and craving some soul food, you must try this place! Excellent food, low prices and huge portions made our dinner a true bargain. Dishes are classic soul food with hints of special flavors throughout - rosemary on the sweet potato fries, curry aioli dipping sauce for the catfish. The food is so well prepared - juicy fried chicken, super meaty falling off the bone ribs, and some of the best cornbread I've ever had. So delicious! The only con is that the restaurant is very small and so is the seating area. The place is pretty popular and people were coming in all evening getting take out. We were very well taken care of, though, with free refills and super friendly service. Try this place, if not to eat in, take some home. You will not regret it!
Outstanding restaurant. My wife, my daughter, my grandson and I (all here from Texas) had a dinner that was out of this world good. Absolutely everything was superb from the salad and the free appetizer right thru the entrees to dessert. To top it off Sean and Britt came out to talk with us and thank us for eating there. What a treat. We promised them that the next time we are in the NYC area, they can plan on seeing us for dinner. Sweet Potatoes gets 4 thumbs up from the Kelly's of San Antonio. Great food and great people. Oh yeah. The sweet potato fries? I could make a meal out of just them. Do not fail to order them when you eat here!!
We catered a party with their fried chicken. We got so many compliments on the food! We will def go back to eat in the restaurant...plus many of my guests have already returned for the fried chicken!
we love it..but only go every 3 months..the food is excellent but i would be a rolly polly eating this as often as i would like to! enjoy!!
Real deal southern comfort food. The sweet potato fries are amazing. Chicken and waffles are great too. The cornbread is so good it could double as dessert.
Sorry, I don't think I have ever given such a low rating. I wish I could've been one of the many yelpers who have had wonderful things to say about this establishment, unfortunately I did not have an opportunity since I was disregarded and brushed off within a couple of minutes of entering the restaurant. I waited to be acknowledged by the hostess which I was not, I asked if there was a table for two, she gave me a look as if i was interrupting from her personal conversation, from which i was told "NO". I then asked how long before one would be available from which I was told there would not be one. I asked why and was told "we busy", as she went back to ignoring me. I guess I'll stick to Alvin and Friends, where i am treated like a first class guest and a friend, and the food is great.
I love this place. Service is always pleasant and food is really good. My only thing is I wish they would add a baked fish option to the menu and I would eat here more often.
You gotta, go! Just go and then write about it. What a wonderful eating experience. How do you spell soul food with a twist - SWEET POTATOES! Hands down, this was one of the best restaurant times I've had in a long time. The food matches the website - which is beautiful. The service was great and we received our meals in a decent amount of time, which let us know it wasn't some over cooked goop that was sitting on the stove all day. Yeah, you had to wait a bit, but that's what happens when you get fresh and not something out of a can or frozen food container. The herb salad was crisp and not that sinful iceberg lettuce with some vinegar dressing poured on it. The sides: mac & cheese - light and delicious, potato salad - creamy with herbs, string beans - with a little ginger fire, were full of pep. My dad said the short ribs of beef were excellent as my step-mom's whiting and yellow rice. What can  I say, it was all wonderful. Dessert: banana pudding - you don't have a relative who can make it better. Chad was attentive, polite and conversational. He was able to attend to us as well as take care of fast paced outgoing orders. Sean, was silent, but deadly in that kitchen - whoa! The decor was campy and eclectic in the small restaurant and we went next door to look at the larger catering hall because we are thinking about having my dad's 90th birthday celebration there. The room is cozy, close and intimate. It would be like sitting in your living room with  60-70  other people. I highly recommend SWEET POTATOES to all who want a soul food eating experience that they will never forget. Go, enjoy! PJ
I have to say, I love this place. though the place is tiny it has a warm and comfortable feel to it. From the cushioned lean-back chairs to the at home decor you feel good having a meal there. The tiny restaurant made it impossible not to get to know the other guests and I say that as a good thing. Again, the friendly conversation with the staff and the other guests made it feel like I was having lunch with the family. The food takes a bit long to get to the table, but that's because its all made fresh. We started with the most amazing salad made with fresh greens, watermelon and blue cheese with a berry dressing that should be bottled and sold to 5 star restaurants. It was outstanding. Next came the chicken with waffles. The chicken was light, perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. No hint of greasy oil at all. Just great fried chicken taste. Under that was a nice warm waffle. Thank god there was only one because if there were 10 I would have downed all of them and died happy. My friend had the chicken and she also had sweet potato fries cooked with ginger, honey and rosemary. Again, perfectly made. A fantastic lunch at a great price! I will definitely be there again
Good fried chicken.  We ordered take-out and everyone was so nice.  It's a tiny place, so I think it works better as a take-out, but we'll go back for sure.
Very, Very, Very Friendly. Best soul food I had in a long time. REALLY affortable. They serve you more than enough.
Just discovered    Great fried chicken and sides    Wish they  delivered!
I'm usually a hard critic when it comes to restaurants that claim to have good southern food.  I was very satisfied; the food was good and they accommodated our group on the spot.  The waitress knows how to treat customers; something that is rare.  She should be commended.  I live in Manhattan but the next time I'm in New Rochelle I plan to eat here.
After feeling like westchester really didnt have any good southern bbq, we discovered this place.  It is a wonderful little soul food eatery with limited seating and active take out traffic.  When our food arrived we learned why it was so busy.  The ribs blew us away-lots of tender meat just falling away from the bones, the fried chicken, at just $10, was impressively seasoned, and the catfish couldnt have been better.  You could say they are understaffed, but aside from a little waiting we were amazingly taken care of. They even suprised everyone at our table a free appetizer consisting of a small crab cake, a coconut battered shrimp, and delicious strips of fried chicken breast. The stand out trait is that the flavors are not overdone.  The coconut on the shrimp was subtle so the quality of the shrimp was still able to present itself.  The sauce on the ribs was not too sweet, and the fried catfish was seasoned in a way as to not detract from the fish itself.  That is the mark of an experienced chef.  I did find the house salad to be overly fruity, as it not only had several fruits but was accompanied with a strawberry dressing; however my girlfriend thought it was delicious.  I am giving five stars because when you take the price into account, this place is truely stellar. It is casual, but in this range i would challenge anyone to find better southern food in westchester.
Went to Sweet Potatoes today and had...ummm...Sweet Potato fries, of course. And mac and cheese and corn bread and their AMAZING salad full of freshly cut fruits with a delish raspberry dressing. I am vegetarian, so I ate a few of their sides and was blown away! The seasoning of the Sweet Potato fries was perfect and they are made from freshly cut potatoes. The people running the place obviously care about serving fresh food in their cozy, friendly place. My spouse said, "Their mac and cheese is cooked how everyone in the world would want it. Yum." I am from NYC, so my only issue is that they don't charge enough for all this freshly made delicious food. I want them to make enough $$$ to open up a Sweet Potatoes East Village!
I was invited there by a friend, who kept raving about it. The food is excellent, staff is super friendly, the portions are very generous.  I will definitely be returning there.  The only drawback is the fact that there is no restroom and it is much too small.
A truly unique experience.  Excellent, authentic southern cooking at very reasonable prices.  Best fried chicken north of SC.  While the space is tiny, they have additional large space two doors down for larger groups.  Also great for take out.  Look forward to beinging my grown sons who can do justice to the large portions
I wish that I could give zero stars.  Everything is too sweet and the fried chicken and fried fish have no flavor.  Fried shrimp not always crispy.  Collards too sweet, sweet potato too sweet.  They don't know how to make corn bread and the crust on the cobblers are always undercooked.  The spinach has big chunks of garlic in it - at least mince the garlic and let it cook down.  In case you haven't noticed - I am a foodie and great cook!  I know good food and this isn't it. They say they deliver yet they are never delivering.  And, please stop with the attitude.  I went back yesterday to see if they have improved.  HA!  I was told (with their usual attitude) that it would be a 35 minute wait for take out.  So, unfortunately all I can say is they are still lacking in many aspects! Pay the extra money and go to Alvin & Friends instead for great food, great service and a warm welcome with NO attitude.
if you want to sit down and enjoy a nice southern cooked meal look else where!!!  Use this place only for take out and call way ahead.
