Yup, this place lives up to the hype. It is awesome. I just moved to New Ro from Brooklyn a few months ago and had been meaning to try this place. Finally made down for lunch the other day. Met Alan (Allen?) - he's every bit as great as people describe him. I asked him what was good, he asked if I'd ever been there before. When I told him I was new to the area, he was excited to share what he had to offer. He ordered a habanero burger for me. Then while I was waiting offered me a taste of some sausage (hot dogs maybe?) wrapped in pizza dough. Then when my order arrived I found out that he added a pizza to it. Told me I needed to taste some proper NY pie, and was on him. Who doesn't love a surprise like that? Don't get me wrong, if you're not into pizza, hot dogs, and hamburgers this place may not be for you. I don't enjoy these types of things that often, but when I do I want them to be great - and this place delivers. Great guy and great place. I can't wait to bring my wife and baby down there.
I should've written an update earlier than now because I've been going to Ajs since 2010 and it was my go to burger joint. Was, being the keyword. A club burger and extra side of fries should not cost 24 dollars. I was okay paying 16 dollars for it just because it was so good, but to hear that the price has gone up again to 19 dollars is just flat out bullshit. I'm sorry. 19 dollars. for a fucking cheeseburger is absurd. its actually 1 dollar more than my favorite plate at modern and that comes with pasta, salad, and the best chicken scarp of your life. I hate to dwell on something so trivial as cost, because I am a firm believer that many times you have to pay for good food, but to a point. Im surprised that when they were on restaurant stakeout, the douchebag that hosts the show didn't chastise the prices. It would have kept me as a customer. I hate to say, but I wont be returning to AJs...sorry Alan.
When we first walked in to this place, we thought it was a pizzeria. We were promptly seated and the waiter gave us some great suggestions on what to order. We started off with some calamari which was fantastic. Our burgers were perfectly cooked and the different types of bread were delicious. Depending on the time of day, parking could be a bit of a hassle but I think this is one of the best burgers in the area.
Excellent fresh made food and outstanding service. The dogs in dough, Jersey style sliders and garlic fries are outstanding. Well worth the trip if you live far away.
Pretty good burger, better then expected. Stopped by for a quick lunch. Service wasn't that bad. Would come back. It is a little pricy for what you get but oh well.
Great food... Great burgers ... Omg had the habanero and its soooooo yummy.... Had to place an order for takeout the following week... Their chicken is bomb too... Customer service is on point here...
Amazing spot! The food was delicious and the waitstaff very friendly.  We were welcomed by AJ and he made sure everything we ordered came out exactly the way we wanted.  Definitely recommend the habanero burger and fries.
Excellent hospitality, service AND food. When in New Rochelle, AJS is a must. Don't be fooled by the name... It's not just a burger joint.
Had the chicken burger with spinach and provolone -- plus a side of cheese fries to share....fantastic! My girls had milkshakes which were also thick and yummy. Would definitely return :)
Ok i went hear with some friends from work i didnt have high expectations but omg amazing you walk in the door great vibe felt right at home greated by the owner very friendly started with the sliders real good some slaw even better then the burgers came out great presentaion served in a pan really cool great tasting and it came out hot good fries my soda never ran dry super friendly and fast service will make this a regular for a great burger ypu wont be dissapointed
Pretty good food with unique flavors. Have only ordered out so can't say much about the atmosphere.
Just ordered a big order and they deliever to Pelham!! The boss delievered it himself! They have really great food! Definitely ordering from this place again real soon!
I came to AJ's in search of a hearty dinner, hoping to give my stomach a good lining before drinking all the beers, and I sure found it.   The #1 chicken sandwich: grilled chicken, broccoli rabe, hot peppers, and provolone on a flatbread, and chipotle dipping sauce on the side.  It's truly delicious, and I loved the interplay of all the flavors together.   We did the takeout option, which took kind of a ridiculously long time, but everything came out so fresh it was hard to be annoyed.
Pretty solid takeout: Cheeseburger The Works - just like a backyard burger on potato bread bun Fries and Sweet Potato Fries - soggy but good especially dipped in special sauce Mac & Cheese - still hot. Small container for $5 though I also hear their brownies are good. We forgot to order them.
Our favorite neighborhood restaurant.  We came here the day we moved in and have loved it ever since.  Service is personal and friendly and the food is always great.  I love the sautéed kale, burgers on artesian garlic bread, and the best deserts!
I had a tough time deciding between 3 or 4 stars.  In a nutshell: Excellent food, friendly but abysmally slow service.  Plus, no A/C, and it was pretty darn warm.   We were driving through from VA to NH on a Friday evening and stopped here for dinner because of the Yelp reviews.  It's a fairly small place with about a dozen tables.  We lucked out on our timing because there was one open table when we arrived, and there was a line of people waiting by the time we left.  That's a good sign it's a good restaurant. We waited a LONG time for a server to come to our table and take our drink orders.  Then we waited a LONG time for him to come back with our drinks.  Then we waited a LONG time for the food to come out.  Then we flagged him down to get our check so we could get back on the road.   The waiter recommended the surf and turf burger, so I gave it a try.  Chunks of shrimp mixed in with the burger.  The burger and the sweet potato fries were EXCELLENT.   My 12 year old son is a very picky eater and frequently frustrates us by turning his nose up at food he is provided.  Here at AJ's, he took one bite of his cheeseburger and said, "that is AMAZING!"  I've NEVER heard him describe ANY food as "amazing" before. I was a little nervous what I might feel like the next day.  Sometimes when the food is "that" good, it's because there's MSG in the food and I wake up with a terrible headache the next morning.  Not so here.  I felt fine the next morning, so from what I can tell it was all fresh, natural ingredients. So again, GREAT, DELICIOUS food.  Service was very friendly and the manager seemed genuinely concerned about us, but it was very slow.  So slow that I'm going to lower it from what would have been a 4 star review down to 3 stars.  Still A-OK and worth the wait because the burgers were delicious.
Cozy environment with a vast array of tasty burgers. This is a New Rochelle staple, for all the right reasons. I don't usually indulge on burgers, so I don't have the most acquired opinion of the establishment, but what I can tell you is that the burgers are far from average.
I've eating at AJ's Burgers for the past four years. The burgers are fresh and delicious, although a little on the more expensive side. Most of their food is served in pans which is unique and the restaurant has a old-school diner decor. I recommend the gargantuan Club Burger.
We found this place on yelp, gave a try. Had lobster bisque, eggplant parmigiana and lemon chicken. Eggplant was the size for 3 person. So yummy. Instead of bred they serve pizza sticks, awesome, crispy.  The owner is very caring, talks with people! We had a nice Malbec too
Went to AJ's for lunch not  long ago for my first visit.  I went big man!!  Cheeseburger and chili-fries with a vanilla milkshake!!  I couldn't keep my eyes open at work afterwards....  Everything was just delicious.  The burger was perfect!!  The chili-fries were awesome!!  They serve their fries in like a frying pan and it's a large order, add to that their awesome chili and it's heaven in a frying pan!!  BUT........ The shake is what hooked me!!  I don't think I've ever had a better milkshake.  The price was ok I thought and the food was just spectacular.  I'm just glad this place is not close to home because I might be in trouble.........
I should have gotten around to this sooner...we love AJ's...from the quality of food (cross been traditional and experimental) to the amazing staff and owner!  We are always welcomed and treated as part of the family.   One biggest addiction here is the chicken burger...can you say amazeballz?  Just go!
Love AJ's! Right around the corner from us and even on a windy, snow day, it was the perfect place to get together with family and eat delicious food, and of course even more delicious dessert! Alan is awesome checking on tables and his staff is very friendly and accommodating. -Chrissy
The cheesy bread is so good! Comes out hot and gooey in bite sizes with plenty of melted cheese and marinara sauce. The buyer I had was pretty good and the veggie eggplant burger someone else in my party had was also pretty good. The garlic bread was the best out of the three, though.
Made another trip to AJ's a week ago and, once again, left feeling more than satisfied. This time, we both tried the lunch special "Mo's Favorite Shrimp and Lobster Positano" which was an excellent pasta dish with arugala and tomatoes. Both me and my co-worker loved it. The portion was substantial and a little more than I would usually eat for lunch but I finished every last bit. As he's done occasionally in the past, the owner Allen offered us each a sample of something else off the menu to try. This time it was a cup of a delicious shrimp bisque. Good food and attentive and friendly service make AJ's a winner in my book.
Finally had the chance to try this place after months of reading its great reviews. It did NOT disappoint! The name is deceiving because you would expect a menu of just burgers and chili dogs.... Instead, the food is more like eccentric classic american diner food... the type of restaurant that should be on foodnetwork's  "Diner's Drive Ins and Dives". The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because, after tasting the burger, I still think POW Burger has the best burger in Westchester. Anyways, the food was excellent and their menu has a ton of great things to choose from. Service is the best I have experienced in New Rochelle so far...  and AJ, the owner, seems to really care about his customers. My one tip for first timers.... the portions are massive... I mean one entree can probably feed a family of 3 or 4. I had the monster size broccoli/ chicken sandwich. Next time I will definitely try the shrimp bisque and the surf and turf burger... The next time after that  I'll have have the pizza. THANKS AJ!
Any time I find myself anywhere near New Rochelle at anything like mealtime, I go out of my way to get to A.J.'s.  I've only ever had the burgers and fries because having tasted them once, that's all I want to order (and I say this as someone who prefers to minimize meat consumption... I always try to talk myself into a vegetarian or fish option and just can't do it).  They ask how you want your burger prepared and actually serve it that way, and they are always juicy.  The fries are great (I'm partial to the garlic fries, myself).  They serve the food in a skillet with a good mayo-based sauce (maybe with chipotle in it?) on the side. The whole menu looks good and if I can tear myself away from the burgers I expect the other items will be as carefully prepared as the burgers are. Aside from the great burgers, it's just a nice place.  Very clean, very friendly service, nice looking dining room but no pretense.
What a darling place, I loved it!  A cute retro modern space that is quite welcoming.  Once we were seated the waiter came by and asked us if we had been before.  Once he heard we were newbies he asked where we lived and when he heard Queens he let us in on a secret.  They source their meat from the same place as Donovan's, you know Donovan's the one with the awesome burgers. The shrimp bisque is excellent!  Creamy and packed with flavor.  The burgers are served on a potato bun and are a decent size.  Juicy and tasty, the fried onions jazz the burger up a bit.  Order with a side of fries and you get a mountain of delicious crispy fries.  Their chipotle sauce that they provide works great on both the burger and the fries. Another piece of charm that AJs has is that everything is served in a skillet, like I said just darling! If I lived close by I can see myself being a regular and working my way through their menu.
This is the ONLY time that I've ever been happy that my phone's GPS is out of whack and often misplaces me in New Rochelle when I'm in the Bronx. A few days ago I was browsing the Yelp options on my phone when I discovered high reviews for AJ's Burgers. I was actually at Orchard Beach. Needless to say, I didn't go that day. But yesterday, my boyfriend and I were at New Roc City, getting beaten up by the rollercoaster simulator when we got sick of the abuse and began to get hungry. I remembered AJ's and we walked up North Avenue. I was afraid that it would be a long walk, but it wasn't at all. We walked into AJ's to find an adorable, nicely-decorated dining area that was refreshingly open and clean. We were pleasantly greeted and seated, and I showed the waitress the Yelp deal I earned (my GPS wasn't TOTALLY out of whack). They quickly brought out a plate of yummy barbecue ribs. They were plump with tender meat and complimented the sauce wonderfully. To follow up, I had a cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. The cheeseburger is ON POINT. It's plump and juicy and served on a potato bun, and in my opinion potato buns should be served with everything. The sweet potato fries are wonderful, not greasy and pleasantly sweet, much better than the ones I mistakenly bought at a street fair once. Oh, and did I mention the chipotle sauce? Yeahhhh... chipotle sauce :D Anyways, I would recommend AJ's for a casual, fun, and welcoming experience. The owner even came to our table to ask how we were and where we were from. I felt special :D Brotip: Put ketchup AND chipotle sauce on your fries. JUST DO IT.
This is a great little spot somewhere between Iona College and New Rochelle City Hall on North Ave. There's no parking directly in front, but we scored a spot on the next corner. Service: Attentive Chili Cheese Dog: Rave Sweet Potato Fries: Rave Pulled Pork Slider: Yum! Baby Back Ribs: Rave AJ's delivers, packs orders for take out and has a pleasant exposed brick dining room for dine-in. Soft drinks only, so if you're inclined to partake of some pilsner with your sliders ribs, etc,, call them and get a $19.99 or $29.99 mega order delivered (or anything else, but those deals rock for 2-4 people). The other night a friend visiting NR for business reeled off her dinner desires. It was a pretty rambling and wide-ranging list. I'd never been to AJ's before, but had read about it. I knew they ought to be able to serve up something she would love. They did. It's worth noting that on the menu, the logo reads: AJ's Burgers & America's Favorite Foods. This place deserves one of those giant laminated 8-page menus with juicy photos of burgers, fries, salads, ribs, pasta, etc., plus a kids' menu. Check 'em out. They're good.
I found the food to be delicious and service to be very fast and friendly. The atmosphere is very cheerful and charming, and the prices are very reasonable. I have been there twice; the last time was the sliders and the first time was barbecue beef. The fries are excellent and they have a good selection of desserts. You simply cannot do better at these prices in my experience.
I got the cheesurger with fried onions, along with the fries, which were pretty good.  I liked the presentation.  My wife got the chili, which was a little spicy and the way I liked it.  What was very good was the Grilled Chicken with Broccoli Rabe, Hot Peppers & Provolone on Homemade Pizza Bread.  This was an overstuffed sandwich and you can't go wrong. Fortunately, I went when it wasn't busy, so I didn't have a crowd. WARNING:  The profile for this establishment is incorrect and does not take credit cards.  Fortunately, there is a cash machine in the restaurant.
This is a cool little restaurant in the middle of New Roc City that has excellent food. The place has a New York City type atmosphere with open ceilings and a 50s like motif. Having the word burger in its name I naturally went with a cheeseburger assuming that this would be their best item on the menu. The burger was excellent served on garlic artisan bread which was fresh and delicious. If you love garlic then you must order the garlic Parmesan french fries which were out of this world. Between this and the complementary cheesy bread which I got for being a first time yelper at this restaurant my garlic breath was kicking.  Be sure to bring your breath mints. Excellent food and an excellent atmosphere.
Pretty good experience. I love their habanero burger. We got take out there the other night and it was efficient and accurate with all our food. I got my son macaroni and cheese and man it's so good. Lol. My only complaint is they need to offer more healthy choice options on the menu. Some salads would be a great addition for people who want to mix things up. Overall, good experiences so far and we will keep this place in our rotation.
Awesome habanero cheddar burger for lunch last week!  I will definitely be back to try something new from the menu.
My wife and I tried this place for the first time this past Sunday.  We felt like total strangers when we first walked into the place, but I must say that we were thoroughly impressed dish after dish and the service was top notch.  The veal meatballs appetizer was a hit, and the "Mariano" special was a truly a home run.  We live in Brooklyn and we will definitely go out of our way to dine there again.  We felt very welcomed with a super friendly and attentive staff.  Places like this are hard to come by and they really go out of their way to ensure a positive dining experience.  Thanks AJ.  We will see you soon to try everything else on your delicious menu :-).
It is soooo much more than burgers. Everything here was soo fresh and super clean. Service was excellent and very friendly. We started off with homemade Buratta (yes a burger place that has homemade buratta) and then I had the pulled pork burger with loaded fries and everything was just amazing and reasonably priced!  Definitely will be back
This place should be renamed, 'AJ's KICK ASS Burgers'! I go here for weekday Dinner... A LOT. Great service, and has a mixed bunch of clientele, from College kids, locals, families.. Great honest food, done very well- I always get the first thing on top of their menu, which is the Double bacon Cheeseburger with spicy sauce , on a soft fluffy, garlicky bun. It is good as it sounds, and makes me feel guilty and fat later LOL! Wash it down with a Root beer float, man.... I am in heaven! I should try other things on the menu, but for now I am impressed with their signature burger and their consistency.
Went back, after a long long time. Has the rice-balls and OMG it was amazing! A must try if you there.
AJ's isn't much to look at from the outside, but the high ceilings and exposed brick walls give the interior an industrial chic edge. The burger was delicious -- juicy, with the right amount of char, served on a potato bun with excellent fries. The complimentary garlic knots (far better than any garlic knot you've had, and actually not a knot per se) were doughy perfection.
De-lic-ous!  My husband and I just casually decided to make a trip to Ajs last night for a good burger.  We were treated for more than just that.  It started with the..best..wings..I have ever had.  Spicy and crunchy, but not over-fried. In fact, the meat was so tender it was falling off the bone.  So divine. I had the Habanero Cheddar Burger and my husband had the Surf and Turf. We both were in heaven.  Even the bun (made of the same dough from their pizzas) impressed us.  The fries were the skin-on type.  Alan was so great. He entertained us and gave us the history of the place, and even treated us to a taste of his pizza.  The tomato sauce was so savory and sweet.  And then we finished off our night with some ice cream to go.  I just asked for two scoops, but they loaded a bowl with more than that, to go!  So impressed and will definitely go back.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Westchester. When I moved to Manhattan, my #1 biggest regret was that I wouldn't be able to go nearly as often as I once had. I've never had a meal there that I didn't absolutely love whether it's the AJ's staples such as a the shrimp-bisque, pizza or sliders or one of the chef specialties like the shrimp and beef burger. The owner, Alan, is incredibly friendly and attentive and you're sure to have a conversation with him by the end of your meal that will having you laughing. An absolutely great place to bring your kids as it is a fun and friendly atmosphere and they have a fun gimmick where the kids are given a piece of pizza dough to mold and then they'll throw it in the oven and cook it for you. It's never overly crowded and the layout of the restaurant gives you plenty of room to enjoy the company along with the very large portions of delicious food. Lots of parking in the lot right across the street. I can't stress enough how much I love this restaurant and I guarantee that you will be a lifelong fan from the first time you go.
Delicious sliders and shrimp bisque! I know it sounds funny to get shrimp bisque at a burger joint but whatever they put in that bisque they are doing something right! The best part of the sliders is the chipotle sauce they serve with them. They should really package that stuff and sell it!
Good service, great food, can't believe I'm just discovering this place
AJ's surprisingly was not a fast food burger joint.  They had tables and booths and a somewhat industrial feel.  It was a busy place, which bodes well in my book because that proves that they had a loyal following.  There were families and some young adults (probably from the nearby Iona College campus) alike.  The food was ok and portion sizes ample.  Menu was limited.  They had a few options for burger, a couple for BBQ items and chicken.  I tried the shrimp bisque based on other Yelp users' recommendations, but was sorely disappointed.  The biggest deterrent keeping me from trying AJ's again is the EXTREMELY LONG wait time.
The food is yummy for sure, but what I love the most is how they serve it - in those sparkling saute pans. The biscuits are to die-for, melt in your mouth excitement.
Service was good. We met AJ. Very nice guy and gracious. He gave us a free shrimp bisque soup that was delicious. The burgers were good but not extraordinary. I would go back again.
Hungry on a Saturday night and Googled 'good fast food new rochelle' and AJ's came up first on the search.  Met AJ as he took my order.  Very nice and courteous gentleman.  Would go back again when i get the craving for burgers.
If you live in Westchester, AJ's Burgers should be on your "must try" list.  The restaurant is comfortable for families with kids, college students and empty nesters, with friendly attentive service from owner Alan. My personal favorites:  the shrimp bisque soup (best I've ever had), the garlic knots, the club burger (mentioned in several reviews, best have a big appetite to eat it though) and finally, the rice pudding (better than grandma's!)  Easy parking across the street at City Hall, esp. in the evenings.  Note for lighter eaters:  portions are BIG, so think about the shimp bisque and a  few sliders ... just save room for the rice pudding!
Great place to grab a quick bite. Casual atmosphere, very friendly staff and great service. We went for burgers but you have to try the shrimp bisque. The BEST bisque I ever had - a must have! Lots of homemade items on the menu including the fries. Try to save room for dessert, wish I would have discovered AJ's sooner.
Definitely a great place to get some American eats! The parking situation is a little lame, but that's no fault of the restaurant's. I've been there a couple of times now and have been surprised at how good the food is. I've had the burgers and the chicken sliders and both were fantastic. The staff is very friendly and sometimes you see AJ himself taking the time to chat with the patrons to make sure everything is to their liking. Great place to go!
Great addition to New Rochelle this place has always been a college hang out i used to be Obrein's pub a notorious college Bar in the 90's and Now I great place to grab a Burger shake and Fries. they serving you in skillets instead of plates pretty cool lots of food and Quality is pretty high next time the burger craving hits you give this place a shot you'll be glad you did.
They deliver, but I think it's only for dinner, after 6pm. Food was really good actually. Would satisfy any craving for good ole American cuisine. RIBS - Ribs are tender but not 'fall off the bone', boiled kind...which works with the dry bbq seasoning that AJ's uses. I had mine with the sauce though. Hits the spot & would satisfy any BBQ craving. SLIDERS - Mini-cheeseburgers are very good...kinda like a 'White Castle' but with quality ingredients. The burger meat itself tastes great. The sauteed onions as well as the pickles all meshed well together, making a very good burger. BROWNIES - Huge! Totally worth the $3. It's the size of 4 average-sized squares you'd buy individually at places like Starbucks. And it tastes just as any brownie should taste...chocolately, chewy & soft. COOKIES - These are chocolate chunk cookies that are the large sized ones you may find at bakeries. Nice soft somewhat chewy center with a mostly slightly harder outer section. Satisfied my sweet tooth when I needed a fix. COBBLER - Weird. It tasted alright, but looked & seemed like a messed up attempt at an apple pie/cobbler mix. It's basically oatmeal pieces with a few sprinkes of dough here & there & apple pie fillings. Not a traditional apple cobbler, like what I'm used to. If they rework this item, I may try it in the future again...but until then, I'm steering clear of this dessert. SUMMARY - Recommended if in the mood for regular American cuisine like burgers, ribs, pizza, pasta, etc. Warning: can be a bit costly.
AJ's sliders along with those delicious fries and a nice cold root beer float- heaven.  So good.  I get the same thing everytime I go. Delicious.  They have a very nice selection of foods (including pasta) and very reasonably priced.  Great food.  Definitely a must.
When was the last time you went to a restaurant in new Rochelle and had to wait for a table? Ummmmmmm never?   Welcome to the best burger new Rochelle has to offer...  The house smoked pulled pork is good as well but the burgers are what keep me from ordering other things on the menu.. The chipotle sauce that comes w everything is their rabit in the hat.  It's magic.. I asked the owner if I could buy some and he sent me home with a huge container full.. Free of course.. The wait staff is charming and friendly and they'll remember yr name by your third visit.  If i was a college kid I'd eat here every other day but at this stage I have to limit my burger intake to a couple times a month.. Which takes immense will power.
The food was good and relatively cheap for a restaurant of it's kind. The Staff was also very friendly. I would go back.
fallin' off lately. Jeff the delivery guy used to always make sure stuff was on time and correct. not so anymore. small imperfections... forgetting drinks, sauces, receipts.... they were open late night, but had retarded delivery times like from 6-9 not 9-12 but then 1-4???? cant see the logic there, stay open from 9-1... and kill it with a good delivery guy.... Food is still bangin' which is most important so the major bullet is dodged. but i wouldnt mind them gettin back to basics.
We came in because I had purchased a Groupon for this place and we weren't disappointed. AJ came to our table to help us make our selection and to make sure that my vegetarian daughter got what she needed. The burgers were all big and juicy and came out quickly. Fries were also big portions. Service was excellent. Parking isn't the greatest, but we'll be back.
I travel frequently on business, and am always in search of the perfect hamburger.   Visiting New Rochelle a friend recommended AJ's.   Alan at AJ's makes a great burger, served in a skillet. (plenty of other folks have described it so I'll skip the obvious.) The ambiance of AJ's makes it damn near perfect.  Sort of an East Coast Arnold's if you remember Happy Days. You just do not meet people frequently with a passion for their business and legitimate pride in what they do, Alan is one of those rare folks.  Yes, AJ's is a humble burger joint that makes great food above and beyond the burgers, yes it makes a great burger.  But Alan is the five star deal - from the pictures of the local high school athletics heroes on the walls,  the pizza dough for the kids to play with, and Alan out doing meet and greets.  I ordered one burger - it was large but I was very hungry - I ordered a second - instead a double burger arrived brought to me by Alan - "there - the third burger is on me...no one leaves here hungry...if you order another...you will be going to the hospital" (he was right on that account). Minor 1/10th of a star deduction for no relish - come on Alan - you call yourself  a burger joint! (LOL) Bottom line, if you love a great burger, served with friendliness and pride - this is among the best in the U.S.  If you are a burger afficianado, well worth the trip, Alan and AJ's are destined for national stardom - catch them on the way up.
So, where are all the reviews here on Yelp? They're falling all over themselves praising AJ's, and rightly so, on the 'other' board. Well??????? Don't Yelpers go to AJ's? They are excellent. Get there, will you?
I just loved everything on the menu. AJ's Burgers is off the hook! It is kinda AWESOME! Almost all of their foods are so delicious. It made my tummy jump and wanted to eat here again and again. The servie is great. The place is also nice. Now, eating at AJ's is a hobby.
Just a marvelous experience at AJ's. My first time here.  What a jewel!  I approach the counter and was asked, "what did you have the last time". First time - wonderful welcome and the Cuban Sandwich was immense both in flavor freshness and character.  Must come back soon
Really good bugers and fries. Found this place through Yelp while driving from NYC to CT. Easy to find from I-95. Easy to get back on the highway.  Tried the pulled pork slider, pretty good. Also the buffalo chicken slider, really good. and a regular beef burger slider, pretty good too. There are so many other items on the menu that i want to try. This will likely be my regular lunch stop for a while on this route. Great job AJ's. Highly recomended for you burger lovers. Would give 5 stars if the bathroom was clean. Why dont these places ever keep the bathroom clean.
THIS IS AN IMPORTANT UPDATE POSTED ON AUG. 16, 2013!!!! We have since been to AJ's on four different occasions and fully recant our prior negative comments.  Going there and eating food fresh off the griddle was a mouth watering A+ experience. We now fully endorse live dining at AJ's!
If you're in the New Rochelle area and are thinking of trying a new restaurant, why not "check in" at AJ's, try the wings and enjoy the great customer service.  I'm sure the owner will stop by to greet you and make you feel welcome.  I'd imagine by that time you'd want to stay and see the menu.  I'd recommend the sliders for starters.  Well, I'd seriously recommend it all.  Give it a chance and get ready to be surprised, stuffed and treated royally!
Awesome burger joint!! excellent staff! AJ is the man
Once again, a great experience! Friendly bunch, great food. Kids love this place.
This place is a must if you are in new rochelle. Order for delivery in the evening if you don't want to eat there. The sliders are fantastic. Small, but full of taste. Chili and cheese dogs are a tasty treat too. If eating in they serve you in frying pans. As everything is cooked to order don't expect it super fast. Easy to get hooked on their sliders. Order extra and microwave them later. Be sure to ask for sides of  chipotle for dipping your fries and for adding onto your sliders!
I'm a big fan of their food but the delivery is always hit or miss. Either it comes in 20 minutes or it's not there for well over an hour. What gives? If you are going to be an hour late at least throw in a free cookie!
My family and I just ate at AJ'S and it was amazing. We had the Surf & Turf burger and it was a soooo gooood, it's mind blowing  good, it's definitely a must try.
The burgers are AMAZING. My only complaint about this place is the long wait for delivery!
Sliders were amazing. Great food and reasonbly priced.
For a long time i stayed away thinking this place was a chain.  BOY was that a mistake.  Superior burgers, great grilled chicken.  AJ is uncommonly friendly.  While waiting he set me up with their home made Shrimp Bisque and then sent me home with a free pizza to try.  The place was busy with 5 take out orders leaving while i waited.  A good sign.  I'll be back.
This place is so delicious. My husband and I went there based off a recommendation and we were not disappointed! I started with the fresh mozzarella and tomato, which was so good and light. Then I got a classic cheeseburger and split a medium cheese fries with my husband (cheese on the side). The cheeseburger was very juicy and tender and cooked to perfection. The cheese fries were good but so filling we couldn't even come close to finishing them. My husband got the surf and turf burger which he said wass delicious. For dessert I got the brownie sundae. Again we barely made a dent in it so we took it home to enjoy for days, that's how big it is. Definitely the place to go for burgers and just all around delicious food!
Good food at good prices. Always friendly service that is missing in most businesses today. The breakfasts are the best with the best value.
great burgers, great sweet potato fries. i wish the shakes were bigger, and they wouldn't waste all that plastic for the sauces. just put em in squeeze bottles please. i miss the original menu when they would do dishes from the old Wedge Inn menu.
Decent food but not worth a drive.  I agree with another reviewer where I ordered a cheeseburger meal and was not wowed.  The cheeseburger was pretty standard & actually had a lot more lettuce than beef.  My husband got several different sliders which were more tasty than my cheeseburger.  Chili cheese hotdog was good bc the chili had a good kick and flavored well.  Overall ok food.
As others have said staff could not be nicer.  We got sliders and burgers.  The burger was perfect medium rare as requested.  All in all though it was just ok.  As usual most yelpers get over wowed to easily.  The burger was sadly a little lean.  I doubt it was an 80/20 mix therefore lacked any juice.  Again, clean place nice people.  Try So Dam Hot in Valhalla for a juicy burger with its own flavor.
Although not the most appealing from the outside, this place was amazing!  The inside was nice and clean, while the staff was extremely nice.  I got six chicken wings for free with the "check in".  (They were very well seasoned and cooked perfectly).  The burger I had was cooked as I requested and, overall, was very good.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a good burger.
Burgers are tasty, really good value. Awesome french fries. Brownies are excellent as well. Great service. I went there with my girlfriend twice in the last month since moving to the area and will definitely be coming back for more!
I went here about a month ago because I had a groupon.  It was okay, nothing really that special.  I wasn't that crazy about my burger.  Maybe I didn't know what to get but I think there are much better burger places in the area.
Solid burger, very nice people. Perfect for families looking for a quick bite
AJ's is above the rest! To say they have outstanding food and service is an understatement. The food is just delish & the service is exceptional!  We come here every weekend and it just gets better & better. We have NEVER been disappointed.  If u haven't eaten here ur missing out.  If you have eaten here you know what I'm talkin about.
Everything we've ever had here has been great. Cooked well, served well and great sized portions. AJ himself is so friendly and enjoyable it instantly became a "family hangout." We've had it all and never been disappointed.
Love the pizza!!! Just want to give all the staff a shout out for all your hard work. Love the guts at the grill they sure can make great breakfast.  Who needs a diner?!
I know this place has been open for probably a year or 2 now, but I FINALLY tried it last Sunday and am kicking myself for not going sooner.  I placed a to-go order for 2 cheeseburgers and an order of fries.  I'm not a big burger person, but my  boyfriend is.  Ever since 5 Guys opened in Pelham it's his usual spot to grab a bite on Sundays for lunch.  NOT ANYMORE.  I can't believe we wasted time going to Five Guys when AJ's was right here all the time!  I.LOVED.THIS.BURGER.  Fresh, cooked as ordered, tasty roll and all the fixings.  It was so tasty and satisfying.  We didn't finish the fries because they were soggy from being in the oven bag.  (TIP:  Please, AJ, put the fries in paper bags to prevent condensation and keep them crispy!)  The chipotle dipping sauce was yummy and I'm definitely going to get it again, soon.  I can't wait to go back and try some of their other dishes, as well.  What a gem, I'm so glad I finally tried them out.
