Damn, I was crazy for not giving them that 5 star the first time around.  I was seriously impressed the first time around and came back again.  Once again went with the burrito and decided on the carne asada one.  Good God was that amazing.  Then the next day I read that they had finished in 4th place in the burrito bracket.  And that they are literally the best burrito this side of the Mississippi.  Read: fivethirtyeight.com/feat… Congrats! Felicitaciones!
4.5. But not for the burritos. As some people may know, this Mexican joint made it to the top four in Nate Silver's burrito battle. I don't really agree with how the contestants were seeded, but ultimately, these guys got to the final four. Obviously, this piqued my curiosity and those of my fellow former SoCal transplants. So I came by with 3 other SoCalers and one homegrown New Yorker who had lived in SoCal for a bit.  We all ordered the carne asada burrito. To cut to the chase, we were unanimous: the burritos were good but no way in hell anywhere near worthy of top four in the nation. Mine must have been 47% rice, 47% beans, and 6% meat. If that. Now, I'm not one of those anti-rice, anti-bean burrito extremists. In the right proportion, it can be great. But this was just an above-average burrito for New York (and wouldn't even be on the radar in SoCal). In the burrito battle, Tlaxcalli slightly edges out Mission Cantina, but personally I thought Cantina's tasted way better. But the tacos. Oooh, man. The tacos. So good. Skip the burritos and just order the tacos. In fact, most of us ordered extra tacos to go. It's rare for a Mexican place to be on point with all their meats. For me, that was kind of the legendary Mexican holy grail in SoCal. Looking for a place that had all the trademark Mexican meats down: carne asada, al pastor, carnitas, etc. Usually, you would find a place that had one meat done really well, but the rest would be mediocre.  Sometimes you'd find a place that had two meats done well, but this place was 3 for 3! I got the goat barbacoa, one got the carnitas, and another got the al pastor. And it was all so good. They come bulging on two notably delicious tortillas, street-taco style. They are so packed, that my friend had the genius idea to create two separate tacos out of the two tortillas. Sadly I'm too lazy to trek all the way up here. If only I had a car...
To be totally honest I think this place is overrated. I'm from California and have had Mexican food my entire life, and I don't know if this even makes top five. Eating at the restaurant is a hassle. There is never any parking in the area and the actual restaurant is not especially big. Also, the last time we were there we literally waited for our food for about an hour. I still have no idea what took so long. If you can i would order for delivery but it can still take about 40 minutes so plan ahead. As far as flavor I think their burritos are decent, but nothing special. I don't particularly like their fish tacos which I would not suggest. Their horchata is probably the best part. I know another Mexican place in new rochelle which I go to every time over Tlaxcalli, but sometimes it's closed so I'll go here. Estrellita Poblana is also prbly better.
Spicy Carne enchilada burrito and spicy guacamole. Mm mm mm very good, plating was also nice. Not to spicy or salty which is great.
Always satisfied with everything I order here.  I usually come for lunch and service is not a problem.  The guacamole is good,  tacos very tasty,  the sopes are good a little smaller than I'm used to.
The hype isn't bullshit. The Burritos are great, but the tacos are even better. Best Al pastor I've ever had
My review is based on the customer service of this place. When I put in my order, I called twice to make sure the order was right. I had a feeling I was being brushed off and this sort of situation had already happened before. Of course, the order was wrong when it got to my place. So, I called back to see if I could get the order fixed and was met with dodginess and reluctance to apologize for the mistake. I was talking directly to the manager of the restaurant. He is not the most accommodating person at all. He finally agreed to fix my order and told me it would take 25 minutes for them to get back to us. (I'm less than 10 minutes away by car on the map) I called him back 25 minutes later and he said it would be another 10 minutes. I've now been sitting for an hour and he continues to tell me that it will take "a couple more minutes." Ultimately, he told me that "he was busy" and hung up on me twice. When I asked for his name, he would not give it either. This is just unacceptable for any established restaurant. Customer service here not only sucks, it is non-existent. Make sure to get your order right the first time or be prepared to deal with the frustration of talking to the manager of the restaurant.
I have been going to this place for 3+ years and have always loved it.   That is, until this past Friday when we were wrongly charged for extra drinks and the staff was rude when we asked for an explanation of the bill.   We were given attitude, as though we shouldn't question them.  We were told they don't make mistakes. We know what we drank and we know what we ate and the bill was not correct.   But they (wait staff) kept arguing with us about it.  The manager never once came over to us to try to assist in the matter. On top of that, the service was slow, we had to keep asking about the status of our food/drinks because it was taking so long.   The place wasn't that packed for the service to be so slow.   We ended paying the bill but we will not be setting foot in this place again.  The attitude we received that night is not the attitude a customer should receive, ever!!!
While I've never lived in Texas or been to Mexico, I have eaten my fair share of Mexican food and this is hands down the best Mexican restaurant I have ever been to. You cannot go wrong with any of the tacos-- the goat and the chorizo are personal favorites. But I've also found the same high quality in all the other dishes I had there. For example the cactus salad is fantastic. While this may be out of the way for some, TT is a clear standout restaurant in the Bronx and really is one of the best I've been to in NYC.
Worth the hype. When I first heard about this place on FiveThirtyEight.com, I wasn't buying it.  Good *Mexican* in a neighborhood known for its large Puerto Rican population?  Then, since I was in the area taking care of an elderly family member, I took the 5 minute drive over and got the beef burrito. Damn, it seemed to hit every note right.  The guac was smooth and had a bit of heat to it.  The steak seemed seasoned perfectly, and the rice and beans seemed to melt into the food.  Not bad for a hole in the wall with a pink awning.  Wow.  Just wow.
Very cool place. This is the closest there is in NY to authentic Mexican food for a very decent price. $3 for a huge taco and they have lots of combinations which actually taste like Mexico. Good customer service, and they will deliver your food as fast as they can (may take 15-20 minutes but hey! There are only like 2 cooks there and they have lots of customers). Very tiny place though. They should be thinking in renting a larger place to hold more people.
Was looking for a quick and good Mexican spot to get lunch. Found this place on yelp and  was very satisfied. Food is really good And Fresh!!  Their yellow rice and beans are amazing!! And Guacamole is creamy and chunky!   We ordered take out and waited an hour for the food but after tasting it, it was worth the wait. Next time I will call the order in before going to pick it up!
The food is great but the service can use improvement. 1. I was kept on hold for at least 10 minutes and since I am loyal to this location (I've ordered from here for years), I waited. The people who pick up the phone (I'm assuming those near the bar since thats where the phone is) are very rude. 2. The food arrived 40 minutes later since I delivered. I only live 5-6 blocks away and I called during non-dinner rush hours. Oh, and I also had a small order. Get your shit together! 3. The food is great. The burritos are awesome. The tacos, eh.
I am always very impressed with the service, drinks and food when I come here, though the place is a little tight, it's perfect on a cold winter night. First the service: Waitress is always on point. She works very hard and is very helpful and never forgets anything we may need or ask for. The drinks are always strong and ice cold. Perfect drinks every time. My gf loves the drinks here. The food is always plentiful and burritos are only $6. That's a win. I'm definitely trying the fajita next time.
Got takeout here and ordered a chicken burrito! It was pretty good, and hit the spot! Definitely does not compare to burrito spots in the city though, but great if you're in Parkchester and craving Mexican food.
I found this place on yelp one day while I was in the subway, and I was surprised by the it's high rating grades!. I've to say that they really deserve them!. Food was great and came out quickly. Presentation was awesome too (see pics attached). My only complain is that we got charged a Little bit too much for a special not listed on the menu! Go there, enjoy it, and I'm sure you will be back
Cute restaurant! The food is amazing. The staff is friendly.. I think the only downside would be the size of the restaurant. it is so popular people are always out waiting.
Why the two stars? This used to be my FAVORITE Mexican restaurant [in the Bronx] that is, until I began ordering delivery service. To be fair, Taqueria's food is great.... if you dine in. Unfortunately, that is not always feasible. Every single time that we have ordered delivery service our order has been messed up. Every. Single. Time.
Been wanting to try the place out for a while now, and ended up up here on Mother's Day, since the wait time at every chain restaurant was 2+ hours long. It started out pretty awkward. I was with my mom, my two kids, the hubby and my little bro and the stroller didn't fit anywhere since the tables take up about 85% of the floor. But the woman who attended me was VERY accommodating and found a way for my baby to sit with us without having to take her out of my huge stroller. She moved some tables around and voilà: instant stroller space. I almost cursed some customers out for staring at us for an unusually long time while this ordeal was occurring, but then I figured we were the best looking women there so I attributed their lack of discretion to the fact that they were probably in awe. On to the food. Now, I'm no expert on guacamole. It was good here, albeit extra creamy. I'm not sure if that's good or bad... But I prefer Chipotle's. Yes, I said it! I'm probably biased though-- I'm addicted to Chipotle. Yeah yeah, the "inauthentic" Mexican chain restaurant. And I prefer my guac to be chunkier and not so creamy. I ate it all anyway! The tacos were pretty good, but I have to say that I expected more. There's a Mexican grocery by my apartment that makes amazing tacos, and during my quest to find more worthy Mexican spots, I found this one on Yelp and really wanted to try it. So I did, and I can't say I'm blown away. I thought it would be better than my spot (Mexicana Deli Grocery in the Norwood section of the Bronx), considering the reviews. It comes pretty close, though. But the guac is definitely better here, despite it's creaminess (something I'm sure most people love about it). The service was incredible, the waitress was super sweet. The bathroom was so clean! Loved the decor, very authentic overall. I'd come back if I'm ever in the area again.
Excellent food for an incredible value. Come ready to eat delicious dishes, because your dollar goes a long way here, my friends!
Saw this place featured on the local news for the "Best Authentic Mexican Food" and decided to surprise my boyfriend for a causal Birthday dinner.  We were not disappointed.  Started with some shots of Patron and added tamarind margaritas....awesome! The food was fresh, presented well, and the atmosphere lively.   Love that it's family owned and operated.  Parking was a little hard to find...but that's life NYC...
To be fair I tried this place again, and the food was ready for pick up much faster.  I would recommend to call ahead and find out how busy the night is.  It's great on the weekdays, but gets busier towards the end of the week.  Loved the taste, and the portions are very generous.  Very happy I gave it a second chance.
I ordered the Steak Burrito which was to die for because of the flavors the steak had. Also I had a chicken tostada which was good also. They give you taste of four different spice sauces that you can choose from to pour on too of anything your eating which was very helpful. I'm a huge Burrito fan and this place tops the cake on best Burrito I've had in a long time!! I recommend this spot to anyone in the mood for cheap but fantastic Mexican!
This place was awesome. Its a little hole in the wall joint in Park chester but when you go inside and sit down it has a nice old school feel to it. It was Clean and the service was great. The food was awesome as I thought I would be disappointed being that the prices were so low I thought it was some sort of catch to it. I had steak and onions and it was nicely grilled and cooked as I wanted it. The flan was also very good in this place. They do take cards here so that is always a plus and the food comes out fresh and piping hot especially when you order fajitas. The smell of a piping hot dish with smoke rising above makes your nose tingle.
I've been back again twice in the past year. Once on a business lunch with a foreign diplomat and more recently with my husband and a daughter. It was my hubby's 1st time here and he entered expectant from my constant raving of the food there but skeptical that it would taste rather mundane. We started with freshly made nachos which proved that I was on to something about this place. The nachos were piping hot, non-greasy and the crisp corn taste was an open invitation to the freshly made salsa to tango We had a serving of 3 chicken quesadillas which I shamefully admit had my daughter and I off to the races to be the first to grab one. Munch, Munch..."Fantastic! Delicious!" my hubby gasped as he focused on devouring his quesadilla at an alarming rate of speed. On to main course chewings as my daughter (age 12) went for the sausage burrito which had her smiling with joy from the time it was delivered right up to the last bite! She finally broke her silence after a good swig of their home-made limeade which she called "refreshing zingy goodness." She began to praise the hefty burrito as she sadly eyed the spot where it had been. "It was HUGE and almost too pretty to eat. I really liked it" she said. My hubby and I had ordered the fajitas in fraternal twin form. He had the steak and I, the chicken. The smell of grilled meat, fragrant peppers and gently sauteed onions was so enticing that we decided to immediately have the chicken make friends with the steak so that we could stuff our tortillas without prejudice!  Our fajitas were almost emotionally moving they were so good! SMH SUMMARY The place at 5 PM was crowded as always with a steady flow of take-out going on. Come as early as you can before 5 PM or in the evenings after 8 PM if possible. As it has been some time since my last review, I can confidently say my latest visits have reaffirmed that this place is still an excellent choice for quality food at reasonable prices. The busy staff still remain polite when it gets hectic and the food portions are very nice. Ya gotta get you some!
Authentic Mexican Food!! I'm rarely in this part of Bronx, if ever i am in Bronx, but I'm glad I found this place. I didn't really like that they put lettuce in my taco though.  But I did have the option of telling them not to. So I can't hold it against them. Overall, I really like this place. I wish you'd come to Brooklyn! It's a very small place though.  I think they only have 9 tables that seat between 2 - 6 people.  There is waiter service or you can call in and take out.   They do have a unique taste!
Pure consistency! I remember when this spot opened up several years ago and it still delivers knock-out food! The hubby and I think twice before going to any other Mexican restaurant ever since we started being faithful patrons. We are big fans of almost everything on the menu; burritos, sopes, tortas, nachos, burgers order it all! All of our friends who visit us fall in love with the food and request us to FedEx some of this Boogie-down Bronx goodness!
Today was my second time going and even though we came in as a fairly large group of 6 for this small restaurant, the staff and waitresses were very kind and good and set up a table for us as soon as they could. Food: Started off with chips and guac. The chips are super delicious! my friend LOVED the guac, but I personally prefer a slightly more lemon-y / citrus-y guac, but it was still good. I got 3 sopes (salty beef, steak, and spicy pork). All three were really good, but I was pleasantly surprised by salty beef, which i had never tried before. I also got a lengua taco. So good. Got it last time too, and if you've never tried lengua (tongue), TRY IT. sounds gross, but it's really good. I personally liked the tacos a little more than the sopes because of the carb to protein  ratio. the sopes had a little too much carb and not enough meat flavor.  (by carb i mean the tortilla or the bottom part of the sope.. i'm sorry i do not know what it's called haha) However, they were all still really good. Get the horchata. if you've never tried it, it's like a sweet rice drink, kinda milky, and has some cinnamon on top. Price: SUPER CHEAP for such quality food. average price for an item is probably around $5 to $6 YES, i def recommend this place. i recommend you try the sopes and tacos (or order one and eat some of your friend's other order). Also definitely try the lengua and horchata. I'll be back here again.
Their burritos are a thing of beauty. Cheap and delicious. Definitely better than Chipotle. Service is quick but language barrier is a problem. All in all, the food is definitely worth a trip!
Hands down the best mexican food in the Bronx. Service is attentive and kind. Food is out of this world delicious. I recommend the chilaquiles and sopas personally. If you're ever in a real pickle you can just go with a classic spicy pork burrito or cecina tacos because they are also nuts. The truth is, with a restaurant this good the menu can do you no wrong. Micheladas are perfection here. Horchatas are spot on. And it's not very expensive! You can get a full meal w/ drinks for 8-12 dollars! They deliver till midnight too. It's really just the best!
This is one of our all-time favorite Mexican spots.  We drive from NJ to the Bronx just for this.  I always order the tacos and my wife always orders the burrito or enchiladas.  If you love tacos, this place is a must.
Was GONNA give them four rather than just these three-and-a-half stars, but after having visited them many times and having experienced really, mixed results after the first couple, here we have it. I thought they were AMAZING at first, having never before sampled the quality that this neighborhood offers in the Mexican food department. After about my third time driving way up here just to sample their goods however, the bloom started to fade from the agave flower. The grub began to taste mostly phoned in and the service was lackadaisical and begrudging at best. Everything was still quite good, mind you, better than anything I can get near where I live in Manhattan, but not the mind-blowing experience that I was going to award 4.5 stars to in the beginning. Glad I waited to rate. The food's good, but there are many other excellent "authentic" Mexican joints in this 'hood. Estrellita Poblana is one of the many others I discovered here where the food is wonderful and the service is also top-notch: yelp.com/biz/estrellita-… Tlaxcali is very good, but I think that from now on, I'll be either exploring other Mexican restaurants in this great neighborhood or just heading to Estrellita.
To keep it short and sweet: this place is a gem. Not only is it a gem, it stands out even more because of the consistently great food that they've served up every time I've come here. In a neighborhood that, to put it nicely, is a food desert and generally lacks any really good dining options, this little (and I do mean small - don't show up with a group of 10 on a Saturday evening) restaurant is an oasis, and a welcome change to the area. The thing is, Taqueria has been around for a few years now, and the dining experience that I've had tonight is just as great as it was when I first stopped by with a friend to check out "the new restaurant around the corner". I'm impressed by both the fact that they've kept up the high quality they had when they first opened, along with the fact that they haven't gotten too big for their britches and hiked up their prices either. Speaking of prices - their prices are extremely reasonable (in an absolute sense) for just about everything on the menu. Another great thing about Taqueria are the specials that rotate in and out of the menu - if you're feeling like going on more of a culinary adventure ( in a good way) you're in luck! The specials are honestly where you can see this restaurant (and it's chefs) really shine. One of my favorites was a smoked pork chop that they had on the menu a while back - it was absolutely delicious, and unlike anything I've eaten anywhere to date.  Yes, the specials are a bit pricier than the rest of the menu, but let's be real here: you'd be paying $25-$30 for the same plate in Manhattan, if not more, so this place is still quite a bargain! Let's talk quality: the quality of the food here is always really high. No part of your meal feels like anyone took a shortcut in the process of preparing it - the food has a wonderful gourmet, but homemade, authentic quality to it. Order whatever on the menu strikes you fancy, you won't be disappointed. If in doubt about what you want, just ask your server - they've always been pretty good about knowing the menu and offering up options that fit whatever you're in the mood for. So to sum up, since this review is long long overdue, just go give this little gem of a restaurant a visit. You will not be disappointed, and you will likely be very pleasantly surprised. Yes, the wait might be long, and it's best if you go with just a party of 2, but pick that special someone, and just go. Go with an open mind, and prepare to have your mind blown, by the little Mexican restaurant on Starling Av that's earned every one of its 4.5 stars.
Ahhh! Taqueria Tlaxcalli!!! The food is always fresh and amazing. This is definitely my go-to restaurant for Mexican in the Bronx. I always go for the chicken or shrimp burrito! Absolutely delish. Although I've given them 5 stars I must admit I've waited over 30 minutes for 1 burrito several times but that WILL NOT stop me from going back because the food is amazing. I definitely recommend this place next time you're in the mood for authentic Mexican.
Made-to-order guacamole for $6. Freshly fried chips and salsa. Straight up margaritas. No frills service and outstanding food. Fajitas were solid. Enchiladas were good. Next time will stick to the tacos and burritos, but they definitely have me coming back!
Best Mexican food I've had in a long time. I almost don't want to write a good review because I want to keep this place all too myself. Taqueria Tlaxcalli is located on a busy street and parking is usually a pain, but it is totally worth it. It's not a large place, so if you come at a busy time of day you might have to wait a few minutes to grab a table. The torta and quesadillas are two of my favorite things on the menu, although you can't really go wrong with anything else. Prices are super cheap, service is good, and they deliver too. Favorite restaurant in the Bronx!
I have gone to this restaurant for the last 6 years never had any complaints I love the decor the food is delicious and so on I recently ordered take out and I order the chip with salsa with a shrimp burrito my burrito was perfect the salsa dip was disgusting I called back to place and inform them that there's something wrong with the salsa dip the guy pretty much off so I walked over to returning the dip so that he'll be able to see what I was talking about when I proceeded to enter the restaurant the owner stood on the phone and pretend as if you didn't see me when he finally turned around he asked me what is it that I wanted him to do about the dinner I just politely told him I just wanted to show you that I wasn't lying on the phone I don't want anything back I just wanted to show you that the dip was spoiled I am a loyal customer I use this restaurant as a treat and I have people come from other boroughs of New York City to try this Mexican it's a shame how they treat customers from time to time very rude
This place had some really tasty burritos the two times I went there. They also had really crunchy nachos while I waited for the meal. It is hidden away in the Bronx, and thus has very low prices. Only thing bad about this place is the neighborhood.
Love this place, really REALLY good and authentic mexican food. Specially love the spicy guacamole i could that all day for the rest of my life!!!!!. Must try
Authentic Mexican food!!! This restaurant is definitely prepares & serves freshly cooked food at a good price. A BIG bang for your buck. Try the margarita in the tamarindo flavor.
Ok so after moving to Yonkers we've pretty much replaced all our bronx favorite restaurants with new ones in Yonkers....except for Mexican!  We can't find any Mexican place in Yonkers to compare with Taqueria!  Their food is so fresh, tasty and abundant.  So yes we still travel back to the Bronx and to Taqueria to get our Mexican fix!!
Best Mexican food in the bronx, sketchy neighborhood at night... But it's totally worth the risk of getting stabbed or robbed. Just make sure you keep 20 bucks in your shoe so you can still eat some tasty tacos after some hoodlum takes your cash!Seriously! Guacamole and burritos highly recommended. Lengua taco and coconut flan, you can skip.
My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in NYC by far! Great service, affordable prices, cozy spot, and most importantly, delicious food! I consider myself a regular and you should too :)
Great Mexican restaurant it's seems like a secret location in the middle of all the Bengali restaurants but other wide awesome food love the Al Pastor with the spicy onions
To round out our day trip, my boyfriend and I made Tlaxcalli our last stop. Inexpensively priced tacos and good flavor. Service was very friendly- our waitress laughed when E said 'lengua'- i don't know why, but it made me laugh too. The place was clean and they have a nice selection of Mexican dishes. We ordered the beef lengua (beef tongue), chorizo (mexican spicy sausage), and the braised pork tacos along with orange jarritos to complement the meal. Worth the trip out to the Bronx.
It looks from the outside like a place you would not want to go.  But the food is terrific (the four salsas are all particularly fresh tasting and awesome), the service is cheerful and attentive and the prices are low.  It's the total package.  If I lived closer, I would eat it 3x a week.
I've been a regular customer since Tlaxcalli's opening, and this is the jewel of our neighborhood for local dine out. Possibly the best Mexican food I've had anywhere. I've tried everything on their menu over the years and following are my favorites: + Molcajetes + Burrito (Spicy Pork) + Mexican Chuletas + Enchiladas (Steak) + Tacos (Steak / Goat During Weekends) + Tortas (Steak) Unless something catastrophically wrong happens, this place will remain as my favorite Mexican restaurant in entire NYC!
This review is ONLY about their delivery service and ordering from home. I haven't been to the restaurant as of yet. Let me start off by saying that Taqueria Tlaxcalli really has one of the BEST Mexican dishes, I've ever tasted. It's not an easy thing to find in New York City so it's truly a gem. Their nachos are to die for and it doesn't take long at all to show up. The women who take the order over the phone are usually nice and friendly. A bit rushed and they don't tell you how much your order is unless you ask, but nonetheless still on point. Recently however, I've noticed something a bit off. Whenever I would call to place an order for delivery, I'll get a response but once I said something, I'll get hung up on. Then I'll call a second time. I don't know if it's a new person or the current person is getting annoyed with lord knows what. I DO know that every time I say what I want the delivery woman gets EXTREMELY snippy and gives me a really bad attitude. Also whenever I ask a question, she would get really nasty as if I said something offensive. Then once everything is taken care of she proceeds to rush me off the phone, not tell me how much my order was (I called back to find out), say bye-bye, and hang up on me! I'm that much of a bother, huh? :/ I try to be respectful and not be a difficult customer, so no customer deserves that. Excuse me that I happen to love your food ever so much and I'm giving you ongoing business (and my hard-earned money). It shouldn't matter if I'm calling during lunch hour (which is when I usually call) or in the early mornings. I also don't care about what personal problems or issues exist. You provide outstanding customer service 100% and there are no excuses otherwise. Again.. their food is UH-MAZING. They just need to give their delivery service a serious makeover stat! Either discipline the delivery woman or fire her. This is New York. I get it. Still it's no excuse for terrible communication skills and customer service when I'm ordering politely like everyone else. P.S. - Another flaw about the delivery service is that my food always comes in lukewarm. Not piping hot as it should be but almost damn near cold. They seriously got to work on that too. My apologies for the lengthy review. Just want you Yelpers to be aware. That's why this site exists, right?
OMG .. what can I say other than ohemmgeeee!! I absolutely love this place. I grew up in Parkchester and am still fairly close to the area so to know I can get awesome tacos close to home is a fat girl dream come true! Its a small establishment but its very cozy, the service is great and food is awesome! I really loved the details that went into the decor, the walls were colorful, festive and looked as if they'd been hand painted (I can't get over the little footprints!). I've had take out before but my bestfriend and I actually dined in last week and we had a great time. Where else can you eat delicious Mexican while listening to classic Salsa AND watch cartoons on a flat screen?? Weird but i loved it lol! We each had three tacos (chicken, al pastor, and chorrizo) and an order of guacamole (with an extra basket of chips) to start. The guac was delicious and the chips were fresh and hot. My favorite taco had to have been the chorrizo but all three were amazingly well seasoned and overflowing with toppings (I had enough room to only eat two then save the last for lunch the next day). The price was also just right! My friend and I both ate, she also had a jarrito, and it came out to only $26. I'm in love!
I'm going to tell you about the negatives first... The place is tiny and cramped, you will have to wait a little longer than usual for your food in comparison to most places..... BUT... When your food arrives you will be AMAZED at how beautifully the food is plated. A crazy array of colors and wonderful aromas will overwhelm your senses. Then, once you bite....HEAVEN. I usually get tacos, 3 usually do the job because they come stuffed with meat and all the trimmings. The quesadillas are to die for. Don't even get me started the horchata!!  The place was also reviewed positively by the NY Times. You can probably feed 3 people for around 30 bucks. Seriously. You'll be full when you leave and still want more. I've worked in Mexico at length and I must say that this is authentic and awesome. Save Chipotle for the Gringos and try this hidden gem out!
Decent place. Friendly staff and the food was solid. Nothing over the top amazing that is for sure. I spent many years in the Southwest, and time in Mexico, so that's my baseline. I was taught a great deal about Mexican cookery and southwestern fare by a lifelong friend from New Mexico. My favorite Mexican chef is Patricia Quintana: starchefs.com/chefs/PQui… If you know of her you're probably as enamored with Mexican cuisine as I am. Yup, my standards are high. I'd describe this place as solid "Northeast-Mex-American." It's dumbed down food for Americans who don't know any better. Burritos stuffed with rice & beans as fillers, Very typical up here in the Northeast and much of the states. When in Rome... Mexicans, for the most part, do not put rice in burritos. I prefer tacos. No heat. None to speak of, maybe, barely a smidge, in the pico de gallo. Mexican food celebrates the chili; fresh or smoked. It should have HEAT, KICK. Grow a pair if you can't handle it and build your tolerance; the flavor is worth it. So, in short it ain't muy authentico. Nevertheless, it's solid, decent fare, at a good price. The sangria was alright...the fruit was soaked through with booze...I could knock back a pitcher or two easy... I wish someone would open a real, no bones about it, authentic taqueria in NYC. Tacos Al Carbon is Nirvana. Mexican cuisine is highly underrated. Enjoy
It's a long way away from Manhattan, but you're not gonna find Mexican food like this for a similar price anywhere in the 212 territory. I had one of their delicious burritos but their main dishes look very good as well. Seems like a good place to go to have a full-on meal. I'm from San Francisco and there's still no NYC substitute for the Mexican food I can find back home, but Taqueria Tlaxcalli comes pretty damn close. Friendly staff, nice ambiance/decor, complimentary chips, good prices, and tasty food.
Cheap, amazing tacos. Always my go-to for Mexican in the area. Their rice and beans are also delicious,
A review of this place is unfair, since I'm generally not a fan of Mexican food. That being said, those were some incredibly yummy complimentary nachos they served up! I believe they're home made, and I ate two bucket fulls. The accompanying salsa was not spicy at all (which worked perfectly for me). Also had myself an horchata. Not the best I've had and probably won't be ordering it again. Tasted almost .. medicinal. For the entree, I had the 3 crunchy tacos. My boyfriend had the enchiladas, which came in a bed of green sauce (mild flavor, probably had butter or some kind of cream). We left full and happy.
This place sports a store front similar to a cuchifrito and the interior is small and narrow but don't let that fool you about the quality of the food.  The smell alone as you enter the place will convince you enough to stay.  Food was fresh, service was fast and extremely polite (we were allowed to sit at our table for about 3 hours without feeling pressured to leave).  Waitresses were helpful in explaining some of the items on the menu that I was unfamiliar with.  Sopes are a must to taste (I sampled the chicken + chorizo) as is the horchata.  I will definitely be back for more.
Let me start by saying this place was PACKED pretty early on in the afternoon too. It's pretty small and there was a line of people waiting by the door to get in by the time we got our food. We weren't sure what many items were going to be as we're not super familiar with real Mexican food so we played it safe. I had the pork burrito which was very large (couldn't finish it) and the meat was well seasoned and my boyfriend got the chorrizo burrito which was "borderline too salty" and "tasty." We also got quesadillas (also couldn't finish after the huge burritos) and they were more like chicken and cheese tacos. The meat was good but you kind of wish there was more going on. The waitress didn't speak English but was very attentive.
The food was decent but not the best I've had... Tacos are ok but meat needs a little more flavor (seasoning).The service is Awful! Too Slow! One waitress has an attitude and bigger lady at counter was trying to justify why the food took so long (45 mins for 2 Chicken tostadas, 1 chicken taco and one steak taco) Estrellita Poblana on Westchester Ave and Castle Hill Ave blows them out of the sky in both service and food quality!! I gave 1 star because the beer was good!!
The best guac I've ever tasted. Vegetarian burritos, were good. Good customer service and i heard slamming margaritas. Small hole in the wall, comfy inviting, traditional decor.
It is experiences like the one I had here that make me so greatful for Yelp. I have never really been to the Bronx before (other than to Yankee stadium) so when I got the order to appraise an apartment building there I took to yelp to see where I should stop after the inspection. This is not a place I would have even thought of stopping by the outside look/area if my fellow yelpers had not said to check it out. The whole place is about 12 foot wide. It smelled heavenly and was decorated beautifully. I am pretty sure the designs on the wall were hand painted. What really impressed me about this place was the service and cleanliness/ freshness vibe. The restaurant itself was spotless even the bathroom. The meat tasted so fresh. The salsa too. I saw her poor it behind the counter from a plastic container with the date on it (yesterday). No store bought stuff here folks. I got 3 tacos, Carnitas- a crunchiness to it, Chicken- it was chicken nothing amazing just tasty chicken and Spicy pork-Oh yes this was great and very spicy. Should I ever return I would get a spicy pork burrito. Service was exceptional. I was expecting an order at the counter then take it to your table yourself type place. No mamm the service was that of a 5 star restaurant. I wish I had tried the guacamole it looked amazing.
I absolutely love the quesadillas . Every time I order them I get a chicken, steak and shrimp. I love their chips. Their delivery is ON POINT.
Everything is amazing and cheap. Best Mexican food I've ever had. I have nothing more to add, just go there.
When I visit New York, I like to get off the beaten path and explore the non-touristy areas.  My partner in crime and I decided to hop on the train and find a good place to eat in the Bronx.  After a little research, we discovered Taqueria Tlaxcalli.  I'm glad we made the journey! Taqueria Tlaxcalli offers up some delicious Mexican cuisine at a good price.  I ordered my usual horchata as I scanned the menu for something good.  We decided on the chilaquiles for $6.00 and the molcajetes for $12.95.  The molcajetes come in the stone bowl-like container, which is traditionally used for grinding food. This thing was huge and packed to the rim with hot bubbling sauce and cheese concealing grilled cactus, Mexican sausage and chicken.  It also comes with a side of tortillas to eat it with.  It was good...very good, but my favorite was the chilaquiles.  Of course chilaquiles are the steamed tortilla chips soaked in sauce and topped with queso cheese.  The order came with huevos or eggs and beans.  Ohhh that delicious first bite nearly gave me a foodgasm it was so good! I only wish I could have tried a few other items on the menu, but there is always next time. This place is small, but has a cozy atmosphere and it's very clean.  We were there at a slow time, so one of the employees was cleaning by vigorously scrubbing the walls.  Bonus points go for having a full view of the small kitchen, which is back near the clean restrooms.   5 stars with love!
The food was pretty good here. It's a tiny, hidden restaurant in the middle of the Bronx that not many people know about so I decided to try it out with a two other people. Although I would recommend their tacos and guacamole and chips since they taste really authentic and awesome, we sat there for almost an hour waiting for the food. They were generous on the food portion but it just took way too long on a pretty empty night there.
So I want to start by saying that I'm part Mexican and from Los Angeles, so I feel like I have a fairly good idea of what Mexican food is supposed to taste like. As amazing as NYC is for the range of cuisines you can get, I had thought that it couldn't hold a candle to LA's Mexican food scene. Taqueria Tlaxcalli proved me wrong. The guacamole is the best I've had in two thousand miles, the taquitos de bistec were excellent (and beautifully presented with drizzles of crema and guacamole) and the carnitas burrito was huge and fantastic. Their chips taste homemade and their salsa was just right--not that horrible out-of-a-jar stuff that predominates in Manhattan joints. Absolutely fantastic food. Even on a really busy night, service was still good--our server was very nice and prompt, and watching the kitchen staff work was fun. Well worth the trek up to the Bronx from Manhattan
Located in the "Indian" part of Parkchester/Castle Hill, this spot is a place you need to know. I found this place about a year ago and I cant even count how many times I've eaten here. The food is fresh and damned good! The decor is nice and the wait staff are also very nice. The bald dude with the tats is the owner. He makes sure everyone that eats, is satisfied. Trust me, he's done a good job.
Coming from San Francisco (home of countless Taqueria's, the anxiety of my move to NYC included would I find a good Taqueria. No Chipotle doesn't count.  Although the serice was a little on the slow side, the food more than made up for it.  Tasted very fresh - the guacamole was great. My burritto made me yearn for Mission St. in SF and my wife's shrimp were fresh and well seasoned. Presentation was very fancy for a Taqueria.
I love love this place :)  best Mexican food in  the Bronx :) i discover this place less than a month ago and since then me and my boyfriend have come here 3 times already.  This place won't disappoint you at all when it comes to food and service. Only complaint was that the margaritas were weak and to much margarita mix but everything else is 100!  Spicy pork burrito my favorite.
JUST GO!!! I was SHOCKED i tell you... SHOCKED! if there was ONE thing in this world i was certain of, it was that Taqueria Cancun (in SF) could NEVER be beat... but i was WRONG. And who'd'a THUNK the champion would be found in the BRONX!?!? order the guacamole (pricey, but DEEEELICIOUS and worth it!), the vegetarian burrito (SO DAMN TASTEY!) and the strawberry empanada  with vanilla ice cream for dessert!!! Oh what a joyful find!!! For a more complete (helpful?) review (by someone else) and to see photos, go here: (chowhound) chow.com/digest/2460 or here: lcmeridian.com/home/inde…   or here: (gothamist) gothamist.com/2007/05/30…
Best Mexican in NYChands down. Everything is amazing Tacos, Burritos, Guacamole. This place is on par with places in San Diego and San Francisco.
"Lengua taco... Fried or steamed?" I fell in love with my waitress just a little bit when she said those words. Asking me whether I want my lengua fried or steamed is akin to asking a cinephile whether he prefers British- or American-era Hitchcock: a simple query, but it instantly implies an uncommon attention to detail. Taqueria Tlaxcalli feels like that. The tortilla chips are thick and nicely salted. The service is friendly. The space is narrow but inviting. Not bad for a Bronx taqueria, right? I'm being unfair: tacos may be second only to pizza for being a true five-borough food, something with worthy examples in each of NYC's four (...five) corners. I wasn't actually that hungry when I stopped off at Tlaxcalli after work (the only reason I was in that area of the Bronx in the first place), intending to try a torta and call it a day. But the authentic vibe of the place inspired me to tack on two tacos, a carnitas and the aforementioned lengua, which, of course, I got steamed, although in hindsight, the clear correct answer to the waitress' question was, "One of both!" The torta came out first, a beast of a sandwich for just $5. I'd gotten the carne enchilada (spicy pork), on which was piled lettuce, tomato, avocado, a Mexican cheese, all on a briefly griddled bun. As always with tortas, it was an embarrassment of riches. The pork was a touch dry, but that was nothing the red and green salsas on the table couldn't cure. Already I was sated. Then the tacos came, the most stuffed $2 specimens I have ever seen. The carnitas first: my fave version may be the soft mass at Woodside's Cuatro Vientos truck, but this clearly fried version had charms all its own. The added crisp textures complemented the tasty braised pork well. A spot of dryness was again remedied with tableside condiments, my choice this time a delicious avocado sauce. And of course there was the lengua al vapor. Maybe Tlaxcalli couldn't dethrone my gold standard of Taqueria Coatzingo, but the huge chunks of tongue (easily the largest I've seen) still dissolved pleasingly on my own tongue, and their intensity of flavor left nothing to be desired. No sauce necessary this time, just the accent marks of cilantro and a bit of diced onion. So Tlaxcalli delivered a commendable set of Mexican foodstuffs to my belly. Destination dining? Perhaps not, not when Roosevelt Avenue beckons. But you'd be real lucky to have tacos this good in your neighborhood. Probability of return within 1 year: 60%
What can I say? This place serves the BEST Mexican food in the Bronx and for that matter, until I taste otherwise, in NYC! The food is always made fresh daily. And the portions are BIG. You will not leave hungry after having lunch or dinner here. Everything is authentic and beyond delicious. I would recommend there Burritos, Tacos (soft or crunchy) and there Fajitas. But everything they have on the menu is incredible! I should know...my wife and I have tried everything at least once and have never been disappointed. Order a beer and they'll even bring you a cool, frosted glass beer stein. Or a awesome Margarita with salt on the brim of your glass. Very affordable and the service is exceptional! They've just been featured in the NY Times & on Channel 7's Eyewitness News feature 'Local Eats'! Well deserved recognition for a place making the freshest, tastiest Mexican food in the Bronx! And Thank God they're finally making deliveries to Co-Op City on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays after 5pm!
I'm not exactly sure if this is the right place, (I don't remember the "Tlaxicalli" addition to the name) but I went to a Taqueria in the Bronx and the menu definitely looked like that. If you are anywhere near here in the Bronx, go here. It might take you an hour to find parking, but its totally worth it. Being a Manhattanite, I was shocked and skeptical to see $3 Corona lights and $6 burritos on the menu. My skepticism was quickly erased as I watched our cute little waitress bring over freshly made quac in a giant bowl, and my steaming delicious chicken burrito. Taqueria is authentic Mexican, food and decor. Its small, but clean and colorful and bright... with the added benefit on futbol playing on their one flat screen TV. Its not often I give 5 stars, If you can make the trip over to this little hole in the wall, DO IT. You will not regret it.
Pretty cool Mexican restaurant in the Bronx.  Small (seats about 26), clean and modern, open kitchen, cool artwork on the walls, and has an excellent waitress (I mean she will refill your glass for you, how great is that?). My spicy pork burrito was beautifully displayed on the dish with the tri-color sauce drizzling.  Inside was abundant flavorful rice, black beans, cheese, and mildly spiced grilled pork.  Good with the green salsa which is also mild and fresh ($7.50). My friend had the "alambre" which is a dish with assorted meats, I believe it was beef and pork with bacon pieces sauted with onions and mexican cheese served with tortilla.  She enjoyed the mildness of it.   Best thing was the guacamole ($6.00), it was chunky and you can taste all the fresh ingredients of the onions, tomatoes, lime, and jalepeno.  That was really really good and light. For dessert, I had to try the apple empanada with ice cream and the flan.  I would skip it to be honest.  Total meal with 2 sodas each came to 36.95, tip not included.
This was just as good as I was hoping it would be, the only problem is that it's maaaaaddddd far from where I live or anywhere I'd ever be visiting- unless I'm going to the Bronx zoo, which only happens once every ten years or so. The salsa and chips were really good, they were made fresh on the spot and the burrito was unreal. It tasted so good and fresh and the cheese in it was crunchy and delicious and I loved it. We also had a chicken taco and a steak taco, which also tasted unbelievable, and we had three drinks. Our total was $16. That's it. The service was so friendly and there's nothing I would change about this place at all, except for the location of course. If you live within a 20 mile radius, it's worth the trip, I promise.
This used to be hands down my FAVORITE place for Mexican food. I used to come here at least 3 times a week with family & friends. I have no complaints about their food. Everything I've ever eaten was great, you could order anything on the menu & it will be better than the last time. The only reason I took off 2 stars is because when I first starting eating at this place we used to order Sangria with an extra shot of tequila (cheap ass tequila at that) & it came out to $8 which is a little pricey for that restaurant and area put I didn't mind. Now if you order a Sangria & ask for an extra shot it comes out to $12 A DRINK!!! I could understand if they were putting some top shelf tequila in it but for Montezuma!!!! I used to come here all the time for tacos & sangria but now I only come for tacos & beer. No one bill should be over $200 at a Mexican restaurant just for some tacos & drinks. Stay away from the sangria! Or prepared to pay an arm and a leg for some cheap tequila.
I like it very much. The staff are great, and you get a nice bowl of chips with a great salsa to start.  My qualms are pretty minor: - I ordered a spicy pork burrito but asked for "no arroz" because I find rice usually boring and some places use it as filler to bulk out the size.  What the chef did was add more black beans, so the burrito became more of a legume tube with a touch of pork meat mixed in, rather than the star. - I've got a fetish for guac, so when I see it on the menu, I expect at least a dollop.  What TT does is drizzle some thinner, guac-based sauce over the food (along with sour cream) which is evidenced in the photos above.  Cute - but more of a decorative touch than a main ingredient. But these are they type of things you learn after more visits, and since the food is very affordable, not a big deal to navigate their styles.
It doesn't matter where you're coming from - Manhattan, Brooklyn, Topeka... Taqueria Tlaxcalli is worth the trip to Parkchester in the Bronx. Small enough to qualify for hole-in-the-wall status, but the place is certainly not a dive. Cool atmosphere and a clean bathroom to boot. But let's talk about burritos instead. Big burritos stuffed with meat, cheese, beans, and rice, served with an eye-pleasing presentation. All for $6! Chipotle, Qdoba, Blockheads: hang your cabezas in shame. Free chips and fresh salsa, too (but don't expect free refills). The spicy pork burrito is my fave.
Amazing service, I remember when this place first opened up I was anticipating to try I had fish tacos and a pineapple jarritos the food is delish and authentic The decor is inviting it's a Little hole in the wall you'd probably find in manhattan but it's right up the block from me YAY! The burrito is Yums in my tums you'd find my dad their throwing back coronas I think he's secretly  Mexican
Dios Mio! The best Mexican food I have had thus far. For appi's, got the puled pork tacos...excellent. For Main course, got the Mole Chicken. Mole sauce was incredible, chicken fell off the bone. My friend got the Enchilada Suizas green sauce...incredible. Took home 2 chicken and steak burritos for the wife......they were a home run...will be a regular. PS...food takes some time to come out...they care about quality and doing things right so don't rush them!
This place is good. The food is phenomenal; the presentation, the flavor, and the price are on point. we ordered the fresh guacamole, enchiladas con mole, the enchiladas suizas and a flan for dessert. the guacamole was fresh, well seasoned, and spicy. the enchiladas were Beautifully presented and tasted delicious. the flan... i'm a very picky flan eater, and my mother makes the Best one. so... i wasn't too crazy about this flan, it just was a bit gelloish for me. the things that keep this place from POPPIN' are: the ambience - sort of dark and dingy for me, and the tacky hot pink entrance??? not sure whyy??? but! that's  what it is. it almost turned me away. what saved it was the amazing reviews. the exposed kitchen equipment on the ceiling at the counter, the awkward layout. they need some design, a little design could go a longgg way to match the amazing food. the service, i'm a stickler for this, although the server was very nice, it seemed like the food came out a bit scattered, the drinks came after the appetizers -- that sort of thing, but they were very nice though. just not orderly in their service. I am being very constructive in my criticism. And i highly recommend this place for food taste, quality and Price point.
I love it because it is so close to me. It's so rare to fine a great place for food around here. I've eaten in once, and usually get takeout/delivery. The service was so friendly. I totally felt welcomed on my first trip. What to get? Guacamole & chips! I am a huge fan of guac and they make it fresh to order. The serving size is quite generous for the price. I am trying everything on the menu! The burritos are huge and colorfully presented. I am a bigger fan of the tacos because their size is much easier to handle for my stomach...sometimes. Also their after-meal chewing gums are a hoot. It comes in various flavors from mint to rum!
The enchiladas and burritos were beautiful and tasty. They have special tricks, like roasting the cheese in the burrito. Their coffee is something special too. This place has love. Love for their work. We traveled to Bronx twice just for this place. The family comes from Mexico City. I'd recommend coming there during low-time, mid-afternoon. They will have more time for you.
This place has the best burritos I've ever had, and the first Mole Chicken I've ever had (incredible). The thing about it is, they suck when they deliver, it's never the same amount of food and the pricing tends to be different than when I sit at the restaurant. In general, it is the best Mexican in the area, for all intents and purposes it deserves 5 or 6 stars. Given that I order it at work, and tend to be disappointed though, I have to give it 4 stars. If you want amazing food with both flavor and kick (very spicy), check this place out, but don't order.
I love mexican food. More than any other type of food. This place has AMAZING mexican food. The chips and salsa are subpar (chips a little hard and salsa really watery), but everything else was perfect. The meat flavorful and juicy. Traditional Queso used in the Tortas. Perfect in every way. If I lived in Parkchester I'd be eating here everyday.
Hands down one of my favorite joints to get authentic tacos. They are huge for tacos, loaded with lettuce, sour cream and white cheese. I am in love with their carnitas, they are not too fatty and perfectly seasoned. The have the perfect texture of crispy and chewy. They also use high quality shrimp in my dinner dates Camarones al ajillo. The cocktails were o.k. I'd just stick to the beer if you need to drink. I wish all taquerias would get their tacos down like this place!
Too tired to cook, we ordered take out. I was such a fan of the spicy pork burrito and wanted something that would satisfy my Mexican food craving so decided to order a chicken burrito. It looked the same as when I ordered the spicy pork but when I took a bite, I didn't feel that same "wow" factor as I did before. Then I saw bits of carrots and peas with my rice and thought maybe they mixed up my order because who puts carrots and peas in a burrito? And halfway though, I still hadn't had any chicken. Once I found the chicken..and it wasn't shreds or pieces of chicken, but more like a chunk of chicken, I was full and done with the burrito. Let's say I was disappointed with my dining experience, especially since I had such a positive one a little under a month ago. May have to hold off on coming here for some time and re-evaluate... *Note: the menu can be found at allmenus.com/ny/bronx/14…
Pretty good steak tacos, and very filling! FYI, they charge extra for just hot sauce, or sour cream, etc without telling you.  This isn't Chipotle!
I must admit, I was a bit trepidatious about coming here when my foodie friend suggested it, but boy was I surprised.  It's quite unassuming on a fairly non-descript block in a kind of weird section of the Bronx.   That said, the food was spectacular!  As an acknowledged spicy food addict, I was in *heaven*.  The tacos were spectacular, the enchiladas supreme.  Second time around, I had the fried tacos which were amazing, and a very well prepared and supremely spicy pork chop that was fantastic. The service was attentive and the atmosphere is very authentic, and pretty cute. One thing, a little more Tequila in the Margaraitas, please!
I've never actually been to the place itself, but friends who have gone there have said it was a great experience! However, i have ordered regularly from here, and i can tell you that their burrito is perfect! it is HUGE, filled to the brim with ingredients, and it tastes very fresh and delicious! I've had their chicken and steak burritos, both are great, in particular the steak one is awesome! I definitely recommend that! I've also had their chips and guac, they're good but the guac needs an extra kick, maybe some more spice. Overall, an amazing burrito and quite CHEAP at that, and i'm looking forward to going to the actual restaurant, as their drinks are supposed to be very good!
My friend took me to Mexican place in Parkchester for lunch one day.  She's part Mexican so I left all the ordering up to her since she knew exactly what to get.  We started off with a couple of horchata.  OMG! If you love rice pudding you will love this drink.  It tasted just like rice pudding but in liquid form and cinnamon sprinkled on it.  Tasty! I would have missed out on it. We split an order of nachos, which aren't the typical nachos you see at any American bar and grill.  There are fried thick tortillas cut up into triangles, made fresh in the back.  Topped off with chicken, different cheeses, beans, sour cream, guacamole and I forgot the rest of the toppings but it was probably the best nachos I've ever had.  Each piece was covered with some type of topping, just how I like it.  And the best part, it didn't get soggy.  Recommend it as an appetizer to split but it was so huge, I was left full after it. We ordered a steak burrito to go for $6.00 which was like 6 inches long but really thick.  Pretty much that could have filled me up alone if that's all we had ordered.  I had it the next day for lunch and it was just as delicious, as if I would have eaten it there.  Large pieces of steak, rice and beans filled this burrito. The atmosphere is kinda dark, like blue/purplish walls from what I remember.  It was busy at that time of day but I can see it getting crammed later on at night.  The eating area isn't that large, just a straight away with tables and a stool/bar area where people can eat as well and you can watch the chefs cook up your food. I'll definitely go back for some more Mexican!
My fave Mexican food. The food couldn't be fresher, tastier and so much better. The delivery is fast. I actually prefer to go to the place and sit down. It is so cozy and everyone treats you very well!
I had 3 steak quesadillas, and they were delicious. The meat was tender and the cheese was melted just right. The corn tortillas were not too greasy like you sometimes see, and the service was good. A whole meal in a restaurant for $6.50, it's a great value. This place is a gem and well worth the trip to Parkchester.
My boyfriend introduced me to this restaurant and I've been hooked ever since.The food is freshly prepared and the drinks are as delicious as the food.Eating here will not result in you walking out with empty pockets by the way! The servers are very friendly and attentive.I wish them continued success.
Not really a Mexican food expert, but I've been eating here for a while now. My boyfriend & I are vegetarians and found this place after hearing about their amazing vegetarian burrito. That's usually what he gets when he's there, and I usually get the vegetarian sopes. Both are really delicious and are huge portions that we usually end up taking home. My favorite part is that they put mushrooms & zucchini in both dishes, and their choices of sauces and salsas are very tasty. Especially the salsa you get with the chips at the beginning of the meal. On the downside, the wait (for both a sit-down meal and take-out) is usually 15 minutes or more. Maybe that's a normal wait and I'm just impatient? Also, the food is definitely better when you sit down to eat, as opposed to take out. And the presentation is pretty nice too. Lastly, the guacamole sucks :( In general, I go here every once and a while and will continue to do so. Hopefully they'll have more vegetarian options in the future, although I don't know how authentically Mexican that would be.
My wife and I constantly order take out from this excellent restaurant, you can't go wrong though its even better when you eat-in. We've had from quesadillas, burritos, tacos, chicken and steak dishes hot and mild. With a perfect flan for a sweet tasty ending. If you haven't been here you really are missing out.
I really enjoy this place, I take my family here often and the food is really good as well as the service. its a little cramped but it's worth it. Family friendly atmosphere.
I like this place, but it's ridiculous to have a 40-50 minutes wait for pick ups. Better organization or more staff is needed!!
This restaurant is a gem. I really wish I had Mexican food this good in Miami. I have had their tortas, burritos, tacos, tostadas, sopes, guac, fajitas, pollo and steak a la Mexicana, and my absolute favorite, chiles rellenos, and I am always satisfied. The prices are reasonable and the taste is unbeatable.
The obligatory..."I was born and raised in Southern California...and know the Mission District in SF like the back of my hand..." Needless to say, still looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant in the greater NYC vicinity. Super nice people at Tlaxcalli. Very affordable. Tamales (special of the day) were good. Real cotija cheese, no jack, on the tacos. With that said, just OK. So wish this had been the place.
Love love love this place! Excellent authentic Mexican food!  and won't break the bank! I'm so happy we found this place, it's my new favorite mexi-spot! Chicken soup and fish tacos r very yummy! They even have gyro tacos...as for the ambiance I have to say I love it too, the art work on the walls r very me...bathroom is clean and I like that you can see the cooks as they prep ur meals. And best of all the service is amazing (and coming from me, that's huge) we felt like we had three servers and everyone was very friendly...for a little hole in the wall in Parkchester, I'm very very satisfied!
The food is great and cheap. Steak burrito, enchiladas, pork chops all good meals and don't forget the platanos and coco empanada for desert. Guacamole is a must have
The best Mexican food I've ever had. The burritios are huge for the prices they charge, and delicious. They come on a plate, with a bit of sauce on top. I'm completely addicted to their chicken burritos! Their guacamole dip comes in a molcajete with a few chips, but the waitresses are happy to refill the tortilla basket that you get for eating in. (The fresh salsa that comes with the tortillas is also great.) The workers are friendly and helpful.
Just went there today and really enjoyed it! I had the chicken quesadillas and they were good (especially if you make use of their spicy sauces and are a spice fan like me). I also got their Mexican strawberry flavored soda. Delicious! Pros: Close to home, big portions, cheap prices (2 dollar tacos and 6.50 for a big appetizer) nice waitress, they give you a complimentary bowl of salsa chips with fresh salsa which are yummy, you can literally get full on an APPETIZER there, very nicely and intricately decorated Cons: Small, so not a great place for huge crowds, but very cozy!
Let me start off by saying there must be more then 20 Mexicans working in there. I usually sit facing the back of the restaurant and I usually count how many mexicans pass by and I usually count more then 20 don't have a clue were they popping out from lol. Let's get down to business. The food taste great straight from the grill so I know it's not just sitting there. It looks like they make their own sauces it taste to good to be can. Prices are really cheap and affordable. Plus they start you off with free chips and salsa great way to start your lunch or dinner. I've been there a couple of times and I keep going back they never disappoint me.
I really want to give this place 4.5 stars because the food is so phenomenal. For appetizer, we shared the fish tacos Tlaxcalli which were flavorful. We both ordered the shrimp Tlaxcalli which was not just "spicy" but hot. It came with rice and black beans in an oniony sauce. It was extremely well flavored, well priced and large enough for leftovers. I'm extremely picky about Mexican food and this place is the only one I've ever been to in the 5 boroughs that has amazing, unpretentious food and isn't hiding under the guise of Tex Mex. Some minor issues that took off .5 for this place: parking! If you have to drive to this place, good luck finding a parking spot. After circling several blocks for 35 minutes, we found parking about 1/4 mile away. The menu is a poorly photocopied piece of paper that had us questioning what on earth we were ordering. I understand this place is small, but can we spring for some plastic menus? Or at the least get someone to a copy shop to print up legible menus, please? We had to pull our waitress aside to inquire about several dishes that had missing words. Also, the house complimentary appetizer is chips and salsa. Unlike any Mexican restaurant I've ever been to, however, you get a thimble sized bowl of salsa and are charged extra for every additional serving. This is not de rigeur. Seriously, is salsa so expensive you can't put a decent sized bowl on the table?
Absolutely, love the food at this establishment. Made fresh and with their open kitchen design you  know your food is being handled properly! Wide selection, have tried many items on the menu love them all. My favorites are Mexicano steak, carnitas burrito , and chicken fajitas. The only areas for improvement are the following: delivery takes a long time and twice had a incorrect item sent and the restaurant is next to a fish store and sometimes the smell of the fish store saturates into the restaurant. It is a TINY restaurant so often you have to wait for a table. Honestly, worth trying! It truly is a hidden gem.
I'm surprised at the amount of reviews because this place is really a little spot in the middle of a random bronx neighborhood.  Not shocked at all at the great reviews, what stood out the most when compared to other Mexican rests I've been to is that you taste all the ingredients that go into their plates.  They put a good balance of each and the taste is fresh.  I like my taste buds to be surprised with all the different flavors with each bite.  Their chips and salsa, made fresh with the right amount of spice.  I have eaten their food about 10+ times and look forward more.
The food was great, service was speedy & friendly. Even tho the restaurant is small the servers still treat you great, they don't slack. The food was fresh, wholesome & AFFORDABLE which is great. I had the spicy pork burrito & quesedillas as an appetizer. They also stay open fairly late which is a catch; especially when you need your Mexican food fix like myself.
I go there (sometimes order) there maybe 3 or 4 times a month. Cheap AMAZING food. Lovely Customer service. Love this place!
Nice small and cozy spot in the bronx,  not to many of those,  felt like I was in Mexico, good quacamoli and chicken nachos.
OMG!!! This place is surely the BEST mexican restaurant in ALL of NY!!!! I wish it were closer to me. This is a true gem!  Its a small place and would probably walk right passed if you didn't know any better. This place is clean and the bright decor is very cute. The food is AMAZING! I have very high standards when it comes to Mexican food and it sucks that there are no good authentic mexican restaurants in NYC or the Bronx. Some of the best I've had was in SF, CA and this is certainly up to par. The Burrito is delicious and I've also had many other dishes and have never been dissapointed. This place is wonderful! Food, decor, great staff and the food always looks and tastes amazing. If you are ever in the Bronx or have a car you must go to this place!!! Mmm..I may be visiting soon!
Great FOOD. The owner was very FRIENDLY & accomodating on our request & orders. I'm glad that I don't have to drive & troop in the neck of wood of Queens to find a scrumptious MEXICAN food. Oh yeah, burritos here are deliciouso with BIG portion. Happy camper eater here.=]
Slowest service EVERRRRRR! We spend 90% of our time waiting (either for the food to come out or for the table itself) and only 10% of our time actually eating. I got their Spicy Pork Burrito. It's not bad, but compared to California, this place was barely digestible. They should have added some condiments, like guacamole, sour cream, or even SALSA to make it less dry. I know they added some of it on top of the burrito, but it was certainly just a small streak of it for aesthetic purposes and NOT for the taste bud. I might even argue that it's barely on-par with Chipotle.
We are new to the area and thought we'd try this spot as we were told it was good. Boy where they right ! We have been there for the last 5 months at least 1-2 times a month! And I've even brought a lot of my friends ad family from upstate NY. They all loved the food! Everything you get will pretty much amaze you! Hands down one of the top Mexican spots I've been too! Only  once we had to wait for 30 min to be seated & parking is a little in the difficult side to find but it's all worth it ! Especially the tamarind Margaritas! Ooooo amazing ! Enjoy ! :)
Yo this place is amazing. I came from California and have had a career of eating some serious burritos, and it took me forever to find a Mexican place that I really loved - but this is it. Taqueria Tlaxcalli is ridiculously good and fairly priced. My go-to is always the al pastor burrito with everything on it, and a large horchata. There are little chunks of fruit in the al pastor, and every bite is filled with surprises, in a good way. Sometimes you'll get a meaty bite, sometimes its fruity, sometimes is saucy and spicy. I don't know how they do this. The small horchata is pretty small, but the large is absolutely gigantic (although it is a bit expensive). It usually takes me 2 days to finish. I've tried a variety of their tacos too, and they are stuffed full of meat, veggies, sauce. Seriously, just eat here. This is a bold claim, but I will say that this is perhaps the greatest Mexican restaurant in the NYC area.
Very good Mexican food! the best Mexican spot in the Bronx so far! The restaurant is very small but the service is decent.  I had a chicken burrito and my boyfriend had a pork burrito, it was delicious and inexpensive! My daughter had the chicken quesadilla ,it was small but it looked good. Also we had the guacamole omg it was also good and inexpensive . The food was inexpensive and delicious ! Can't wait to return back. Oh yea I can't forget about the chips and salsa it was also good
Best Carne Asada in that part of the Bronx.  Fresh beef, cooked to your liking (medium rare is actually medium rare and not well done).  Their burritos and soup are also worth trying. The decor is beautiful.  Ask the owner for the story behind it.  He'll gladly share it with you.
The waitresses are definitely slow. We spent a long time waiting for the check. Probably 10 minutes. Food is okay. Not bad Mexican food but definitely not the best. The pickled onions were awesome though. Lol, we kinda put all of it on our food. We had steak sopes and steak tacos and Pineapple Jarritos.
First place where they wanted me to pay a tip for take-out!!!
Hands down best authentic Mexican food I've ever had. The portions are large, the rice and beans that come with most entrees are amazing and I love the tortillas they serve warm. The service isn't amazing but the food makes up for that ten fold.
I absolutely love this place! I've been hooked since the very first time! it it warm, cozy, and always an ideal and consistent experience. Staff is polite and very accommodating. I always get the chicken or steak tacos or the bf and I share the sizzling steak fajita which is amazing!! I cannot go without my rice drink (horchata)!  If that doesn't get you through the door, the fab prices may win you over! P.s. they also do delivery which seems to be extremely popular!
Great food great atmosphere love love the fruit empanadas a must have and the black bean soup is delish
Decided to try this after reading the reviews on here. It was myself and my 3 kids. Place is small but quaint. Very nice decor, friendly staff, somewhat attentive. I ordered steak fajitas, daughter ordered kids tacos and my other two ordered chicken fingers. We all loved their food. Tasted great. Surprised at the "cans" of soda vs fountain. Compl. chips tasted great. Fresh, hot. I'm assuming they made them. Didn't give much. Didn't refill either. Either way, give this place a try! :)
This lil Mexican spot is great. The food is well seasoned and is prepared from scratch. The menu is vast with many selection. Everything i`ve tried so far tasted great. The place is small, but have a nice ambiance. I`ve been there a few times, and it is now becoming my regular go to spot for my Mexican food fix. The prices are also very reasonable....i mean veeery reasonable. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some cheap, good, authentic Mexican food.
Awesome
I have to upgrade them to 5 stars, I would give 4 and a half if I could because Yelp doesn't have that feature. I have to upgrade them because the reason I only gave 4 stars before is their menu was limited. But they have expanded their menu. Not only that now they have the distinction of being the only NYC restaurant that serves Molcajetes! We ordered 4 entrees to try several more dishes and we just tasted it and had it wrapped to go. We had1. Molcajetes 2.Chili Relleno 3.Milanesa and 4.Tequila chicken. Out of all of the entrees the Tequilla chicken was the best. You could really taste the Tequila and spice. The chips were some of the best I have had. Best in that they are made at the restaurant and had a heavy amount of salt on it which I like. Americans are too paranoid about too much  salt in their food. Life is short give me salt! But the high light was the dessert. The only dessert I have had like this was at a restaurant in New Mexico years ago. It was an empanada with strawberry and cheese inside and ice cream on top. I am so tired of flan and sopapilla's. Get the empanada! Okay all you cry babies from California, now there is one Mexican restaurant that is authentic in NYC. There are a few others but they are not good. Good and authentic are not the same. A Mexican grandma can be in the kitchen serving the cheapest nastiest but most authentic food. It doesn't make it good. This is good. I am not saying it is the best Mexican I have had or even the best on the East Coast. I think Charitto's in Union City NJ is better. But since it now has a full  menu of authentic Mexican food and there is no other restaurant in NYC that has that and is good too that is why they get 5 stars. I do agree with my friends from California that most of the Mexican food here  in NYC is substandard and they have gotten away with it. But hopefully more restaurants like this will open up in NY. Hopefully not all the way up in the Bronx. Is it too much to ask for an authentic full menu Mexican restaurant to open up in Manhattan. Right now it is. Right now in Manhattan if you want authentic you will just get tacos and burritos. You won't find Molcajetes not yet anyway. A note to my California friends this is more like what you might find in Southern California not Northern. Now this is a matter of personal taste and not quality, but the Chili Relleno though delicious and cooked well and not breaded like Tex Mex places do it, it was smothered in sauce. My husband liked the extra sauce. I don't like things drown in sauces in general. I am more of a purist in that I like to taste the food not have it be covered in sauce. The Molcajetes I felt had too much sauce. He loved it that way. The dessert was perfect and amazing! Now after  all of those praises I have to add a disclaimer. The 5 stars is only for the food. I don't know if someone called in sick or if the place is just mismanaged but we waited for an hour and a half with no apology from anyone for the entrees. The reason is it seems most of their business is done with take out orders. The chef made all of the take out orders first while the customers in the restaurant waited. Then because the waitress was the only waitress for the entire restaurant she didn't come back to our table again. I had to get up and ask the chef for our orders personally after waiting another hour to get dessert. So if you are into service and not waiting be warned you might want to skip it until they work the kinks out. And this is  a Tuesday night. I think since we first went they have become much more popular and they can't seem to handle the demands. The other thing is in order to order anything at all you have to speak Spanish. The first time they had English speaking waitresses. I don't know what happened. Like I said maybe someone called in sick. But still there was no apology for the hour and a half then then another hour wait for food. I know they were just over whelmed not trying to be rude. They obviously know how to cook but they have to learn other aspects of the restaurant industry as well. Tonight we saw fire engines, police officers, and ambulances get their take out orders here. So if they are doing this amount of business (because they are so good and the word is out) they need to make adjustments to the way they run the restaurant and do business. The chef asked me if everything was okay because I had to get up and ask for my order personally  I said yes because it was clear the waitress was really busy and working her trasero off. But I still give it 5 stars for being the only full menu Mexican restaurant in NYC that serves Malcajetes. Like I said it isn't the best I have had but being the first and only in NYC is quite an accomplishment!
So I hung out with my friend Adrienne and decided to head to Taqueria Tlaxcalli. Come to find out she is a big fan of the place. We decided to chat over some guacamole and sodas. We went on a Friday evening and there were a lot of customers coming in and out. Even though the place is small we got a couple of seats. Sevrice was okay. the guacamole was slighty to chunky having large chunks of avacado making in difficult to scope with the chips. It's okay cause i still love the atmosphere and the food has flavor. I overheard a comment another person made. She told her girlfriends someone had sent her a message saying damn you r always at that mexican spot. Good eats.
This restaurant is my home away from home.  The family that owns it work their butts off to provide a constant flow of delicious dishes that are presented beautifully (and with love).  The wait staff is kind and attentive and you can sometimes see their children doing homework or helping out in the afternoon.   I have the privilege to live and work just a few blocks away and indulge frequently both in the restaurant and in take out.  I take all my visitors here to eat and they are consistently blown away with the quality.  We cater from them for work meetings and they have even donated food for community events. A few years back they closed the restaurant for our staff party. Here are just SOME of my favorite dishes: -Sopes (chorizo is my fav) -Fish tacos -spicy quacamole -Spicy pork taco -mole enchilada -chicken soup (has a great cilantro flavor that has my Mom traveling from Brooklyn to eat) -Seafood soup is also amazing but pricey -alambre -I don't know what the dish is called but they take chicken or beef and mix it in a large baking dish with peppers and onions and other stuff and melt oxaca cheese on top.  My god it is good. -chicken smothered in mole sauce -chile relleno They also have horchata and tamarindo on tap in addition to traditional (real sugar) coca cola and jarritos. I have only made it to dessert a few times but was very pleased.   The bottom line, this place is amazing.  We have been going there since they opened and they have stayed consistently great.  I'm so happy to have them in the neighborhood.
I went here thinking this place was good based on the reviews. The yelpers have let me down. Being born and raised in southern California, I have been on a mission for good mexican food. They served me cold stale chips. The tacos were cheap($2-2.50) and I was excited until I tasted them. I ordered steak and carnitas tacos. The tacos came full of meat but the steak was flavorless and the pork was half fat. When I think of carnitas, I think of slow roasted tender fall apart pork. This was hard crispy fat with some meat like what I mistakenly ordered at a Puerto Rican bar. They get two stars for the horchata. Next time I will make the trip to mexicocina.
Wow another good mexican place in the Bronx!  We are usually fans of Estrellita but decided to try a  new place--decor here is very very cute.  Looks like it belongs in Manhattan but with decent prices.  Their chips are great--not too oily served with not spicy salsa. I ordered the Fish taco and Steak taco w/avocado ($2.50 each).  The fish taco was great but greasy with that orange stuff dripping out the sides a la Taco Bell.  Still delicious with onion and cilantro on top.  The steak was veryy good--they give you a lot and it was cooked medium.  The tacos actually come with two corn tortillas so I just split it and make one into two and that was more than enough food.  The bf got the Shrimp with tomatoes, onions, and habanero chilies served with rice and hot corn tortillas.  SUPER SPICY!  I took one bite and the heat just filled my mouth and I had to sip Coke till it died down.  My bf ate maybe two tacos and you could see his face turning red.  Wow definitely the spiciest thing I've had but still really good.   I took off one star because it was a pretty long wait for the food (they had one cook) but then again the presentation was really pretty and the service is good.  They also serve breakfast here!
Excellent food. Waitresses are very nice and very helpful. Food is fresh and well seasoned.
This is one of the best Mexican Restaurant I have ever been too besides Fordham Road and Kingsbridge. This place is legit. Their food is cheap, affordable, and the portions are big! And that is what I like most. The chicken burrito is delicious! I love it and makes me full super quick but sadly I can not eat it anymore (indigestion). You could also ask the waiters not to make it spicy and they will accommodate you. But otherwise they have other foods that are not troubling for the tummy. lol. Their quesadillas are AWESOME! I love them but sadly it is an appetizer! It is so cheesy! And I love cheese! If the price were lower (its $6.50 and comes in three) I would just eat that instead. Their chips with the salsa is superb! The coconut flan they had was just...well words can not describe how delicious it was. You will enjoy it with EVERY bite. In this restaurant they have a drink called 'rice milk' and it is DELSICIOUS! They put cinnamon powder on top to give the rice milk a kick. I recommend people to try it. And by the way...they do delivery :) This place is great! Go and try it out! Happy Burrito everyone :)
Best Mexican food I have had outside of mexico. My husband and I get takeout at least once a week from here, and anytime we have visitors who are hungry we bring them here or get takeout from here and no one has been disappointed. Wonderfully fresh food, the best mole I've had in the US (homemade, I believe, no mole-from-a-can here!), extremely helpful staff. Usually get mole enchiladas, tacos al pastor, or quesadillas (which are made with a mix of cheeses and are great). Best chips and salsa, I can polish off a whole plate of them, they're so good! Also, inexpensive beers and food! Lucky to live so near this place!
One word " Awsome!!!"
This place is awesome. Amazing food at even more amazing prices.  Everything tasted really fresh and like the chefs really know what they're doing.  Our waitress was really friendly and patient. The decor is also really cute.  I've passed this place often, thinking it was just another take out place, but I was definitely wrong. I wish Castle Hill had more places like this.
Pretty darn good! I got a chicken burrito that was delicious for 6 bucks and I normally am grossed out easily by meat but this was not the case! I love that its kind of a hole in the wall but still yummy. And the fact that they give you five different salsas! The rest of my group was happy with their food as well
AMAZING...and it's cheap too!  The place make come across as "a whole in the wall" but boy do they make up for it with the food. I had the Enchiladas de pollo w/ salsa verde and they are the best i have tasted in years! The service is great...staff is very friendly and accommodating!
Ok...so there was once a girl who met a boy from the Bronx...among the many things that drew them to one another was their love of mexican. They searched high and low and spanned their search narrow and wide until they found Taqueria Tlaxcalli! This place has great hospitality and personality. The food is amazing. Where can we start: For an appetizer we always have the guacamole which is just so creamy and yummy. The tacos are loaded and they aren't cheap when serving up the grub! The burritos are awesome, I've had the carnitas, al pastor, and carne asada. The mexican style bistec is yummy, they make a great sauce for it and its always well cooked and seasoned. It's well accompanied by a hearty serving of tortillas and rice and beans. We're so happy with this place, that we frequent it at least once a week.
Salsa was amazing, tamales were delicious and had this wonderful hint of sweetness, fried tacos were like eating the delicious chips with meat filling, and (my favorite) TRES LECCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHES. My sister had fajitas and an empanada which were also very taste.
Finally...Really good Mexican in NYC.   I wasn't sure what to expect, making the trek up to the Bronx- as my bf definitely thought my last crazy idea- to find good tacos in Bushwick- turned out to be a real bust (the place was awful- but the people were too nice there for me to review the place).   Tlaxcalli was such a pleasant surprise.  My fear was it would be a dirty hole-in-the-wall. Not at all! (Plus it has an A health rating).  Very cute decor makes you feel you aren't even in NY, friendliest service (not fast but give the waitress a break, as she is nice and the only waitress for the entire place, plus the food is worth the wait). Could have done without the first and the last - Meaning the chips- they were the thick kind, too greasy and tasteless- I wasn't crazy about the salsa either. The dessert -(I assumed Mexican empanadas were similar to Argentinean - Not! They are a super flaky pastry- just not my thing).   Good tacos.  Excellent enchiladas suizas -- HUGE portions for cheap. Very flavorful rice and black beans as a huge side. Beats out any Mexican place in all of Manhattan - at over half the price.
My husband and I, both Brooklynites, drove up to the Bronx to try out the fish tacos. We devoured two bowls of fresh tortilla chips, salsa, guacamole, two fish tacos, and a couple Modelo Especials. DELICIOUS! The staff is warm, friendly, the bachata playing in the background made for a perfect date, and the food was amazing. Very well worth the drive to the Bronx. We'll be back.
Ooooooh, yeah! Oops, I forgot this us a public forum! No pleasure moaning online... Okay, the food here is smack yo mama good! This is a small local restaurant, very non-descript. The decor is nice, but not swanky. The service is friendly and the place is very clean! But the food... I've had Mexican food from Mexico to Montreal, and this is by far one of the best Mexican restaurants that I've eaten at! Ooooooh, yeah, I'll be back!
Love.  Tacqueria Tlaxcalli has long been a difficult-to-pronounce staple in my delivery rotation.  Cash only on delivery, I think.  After 2 years of delivery, I finally ate at the restaurant recently, and the food is SO MUCH BETTER when you eat in.  No doubt the tacos here are great (fish taco and carnitas taco being the better ones).  The burritos are tasty and very substantial.  But my favorites are the enchiladas, particularly the enchilada in mole sauce.  Highly recommended for delivery, but even more highly recommended to eat here!
hands down BEST mexican food in the north east! i was born and raised in los angeles and tlaxcalli reminds me of home. the guac was perfectly chunky and spicy, fresh and warm salty corn tortilla chips, juicy skirt steak, and cactus! not to mention, the tacos are totally street style and only $2! my bf and i are thrilled that after four years away from so cal, we can actually enjoy mexican again. if only they delivered to manhat...
I'm going to go ahead and jump on the bandwagon of LOVING this place. The most flavorful mole verde I've ever had (please note I lived in the LA area for 4 years) on the enchiladas. It was spicy and limey and delicious. The burrito was served beautifully with crisscrosses of white, green, red and brown sauces, and they fried it into a chimichanga for my boyfriend even though that's not on the menu. Cute little spot with great decor and friendly service. They really deserve at 4.5 but I dock a star for slow service and the waitress totally forgetting my grilled nopales. But don't worry, I'll be back to taste them again.
I went here for diner with my boyfriend & my brother in law & his girlfriend. We didnt have to wait to be seated but as soon as we sat down, the place started getting really packed since it is a small place. We all ordered burritos. They serve alcohol here & the food is cheap. The food here is REALLY good & they also deliver to your house! How perfect is that?! Im planning on coming here again some time soon.
they make a mean fish taco here. The pork tacos are also money. Steak was okay, but not as notable. Chicken tacos were eh, the meat was dry. The tacos dont have enough cilantro in it, thats my main gripe. I also got the Sopes here, which are like the fillings of a taco but placed on this thick crispy on the outside chewy on the inside little circle of tortilla.   These are better than the tacos imo. They put a ton of this mexican powdered cheese on it, so clutch. And you get free salsa and chips here, which is a nice touch.
Best Mexican food I've had in a long time.
OK so after reading the great reviews, my husband & I decided to order food to go. Umm i have no idea how this place got such high reviews, I love Mexican and have eaten at many good Mexican restaurants. Lets just say this, I can make better Mexican. We ordered the chicken quesedila and the amount of cheese was ridiculous. It had no taste but a big layer of white cheese. Then we ordered the chicken burrito. I tasted no chicken but an overwhelming amount of rice and black beans that needed to be seasoned. I would not order from this place ever again.
Great Yelp find! Great authentic Mexican. The chips are made on site and very fresh. Salsa is quite the find. Go there!  You won't be disappointed!
OMG.... How can something so good be this cheap? How can a place that I now consider a rival to Mama Mexico's food be almost 1/3 of the price? This place is plain and simple: Amazing. Their Enchiladas Suizas must have drugs in them, because I've become an addict. I've come to crave them. My friends curse and thank me for taking them to this place and making them addicts as well. I've had Enchiladas suizas, burritos, tostadas, tacos, quesadillas... everything here is fresh and good. Their "Flan de Cajeta" is amazing as well. $2 tacos steak tacos (STEAK, yummy, well seasoned sirloin beef for $2!!!!! How?!?!?!). Only thing is that this place is small. more than 4 people becomes an issue. Besides that, this is mexican heaven.
Just confirming everything everyone has already said here - their food is phenomenal. I've not ever been physically TO this restaurant (so I can't comment on its appearance) - the allure of the delivery burrito is too great. Burritos are fantastic, tacos are very good, and their tostones are incredible. Every delivery I've gotten has arrived within a reasonable time. Be aware that delivery, at least, is CASH ONLY. That is one of my only negatives, combined with the fact that the food is not very spicy. If you like heat, you can ask them to make it spicy and they'll add some very tasty chipotle sauce. Definitely a gem!
not really feeling the fish taco but the veggie burrito is insanely good. excellent filling of black beans, brown rice, zucchini, peppers and cheese!
This is the spot!! and what makes it the spot is the COOKS!! much props to the guys grilling and working their magic they are the reason this place rocks. This place is a little cramped only on the busy nights, so that's not their fault. The owners didn't know their cooks would be so kick ass that on occasion their place would be packed. Certainly worth the wait. Anyhow, I love their shrimp cocktail, steak with onions, torta de bistec or their tacos. Their other dishes are just as good. Lastly, the waitresses make an awesome margarita.. yum, yum. As long as the same cooks are there i'm always going back.  Overall, this is a cool joint.   P.s. finding parking is a pain But hey i'm still coming back. It is what is.
Came here for the tacos. Small place, okay service.The fish tacos were just okay....kind of bland, even when i dumped the sauces that came with them on. The steak tacos were delicious, but I've had better. Rice and beans were actually very good :) Will come back to try more. The sangria looked good.
Amazing food! It's been two weeks and I can still taste it. Unless I was getting takeout, I would probably prefer to eat at La Estrellita Poblana, which is a couple of blocks away. The food isn't quite as good,  but the service is better, the space is less cramped, and the prices are better.
I have to say I LOVE this place! Traveling from Melrose to Parkchester to get my Tlaxcali on is totally worth the trip (I take the Bx4 bus on 149th & Bergen Avenue for a 20 minute ride to Parkchester)! AUTHENTIC AUTHENTIC AUTHENTIC Horchata - refreshing! Chips & Salsa - not the bag & jar stuff! Chilaquiles - scrumptious comfort food Enchiladas - slap me happy good! Guacamole - love that it served in a stone molcajete! Dessert Empanadas - I managed to make room in my greedy stomach! complimentary after dinner mexican chewing gum - nice touch! The place is cozy yet vibrantly decorated and spotlessly clean (not to mention the kitchen is open air so you can be nosy and see everything that is happening with your food while you drool). Service is very friendly and very prompt. The presentation of the generously portioned food is always above expectations. I keep meaning to try the Bangali place next door, Neerob, but the allure of Tlaxcali gets me EVERY time!
Great authentic Mexican - gem in the middle of nowhere! Their Tacos are amazing - and I've tried all of them on the menu (the fish one being my least favorite) and they all taste amazing...usually topped with some tomatoes, cilantro and onions... The food is really clean and they make it right in front of you - the service is really good considering this place gets busy at times!
Flawless victory. Amazing guacamole. Authentic and delicious food. Small, cozy, and nice vibe. I just wish the chips were thinner and hotter (like painful to touch hot), otherwise definitely will return.
This place is great found out about it today and went to try it.  I was not disappointed, clean , and the people are great!  Will be spending a lot of money in this place !
Excellent Mexican food in Parkchester !
This is one of the best Mexican restuarants in the whole NYC in my humble and honest opinion. Just make the trip over here, its inexpensive, amazing quality food and great decor. If you love Mexican food you automatically love this place.
This place is amazing! the small and cozy ambiance. I was surprised with the service, they are polite and very attentive. waitress was pregnant and she was very nice too. I am not a big Mexican food eater but, I love the food at this place and will continue to go there. the price is cheap for great food. So, if you are in the Bronx stop by this place, google it or map it. you will love it too
Delicious burritos, nacho chips for the salsa and guacamole! The nachos are complimentary at the table, and they brought 4 different salsas along with my nachos as well. Excellent   The burrito was well worth the $6. It was fresh and filling, with nice flavor. I brought 2 more home and the family loved them too. Ill be back!
Great food. Horrible customer service. My partner and I visit this place at least 3-4 times a month. Since we have it often, we decided to order food from them and have them deliver it to our home. After placing our order and waiting about an hour for our food to arrive, the delivery man came with the wrong order. We tried to explain to both the delivery man and the manager that it was the wrong order but the manager stated that we either had to pay for the food that the man brought or wait an additional hour for new food to be made. After deciding that paying for an order that was not ours was not fair, we declined to pay for the food and apologized to the delivery man.  We tried to order from them again and were now told that because of the previous incident, we are no longer able to order from the restaurant. Considering that we go to this restaurant almost every month, this news was very shocking and disappointing. Due to this, we will NOT be visiting this establishment anytime soon.
What a gem! Small place, big tastes.  Totally unpretentious, but not a hole in the wall. It was pretty warm and pleasant inside.  They were a super accommodating staff - we got a lot of help/recommendations for vegetarian options. Yes, like some of the reviews mentioned, they were a bit stingy with the salsa, but the homemade chips were good without it.  The guacamole was also good (I like more garlic in mine usually), and nicely presented.  All the food was great, with prices to match. We had a vegetable torta, a spicy pork torta, a fish taco, a beer, 2 sodas, horchata, and flan...for $37!!! The restaurant is a quick walk from the 6 train at Castle Hill Ave. Parking can be tricky, but we got a spot after only 5 minutes of looking on a Saturday night.
This place is a great find. The food is excellent. It is a hole in the wall off of castle Hill Avenue in the Parkchester Area of the Bronx and seats about 25. I had a burrito made with carnitas that was delicious. Carefully put together with delicious meat, crunchy. The rice and beans in the Burrito was also  delicious but what made it special was the sauces that covered the Burrito and the presentation.   Its a storefront with a long counter and some tables and chairs in the front of the space. Its very clean and has an appealing decor but its just a hole in the wall. If you want great food and not all the frills I would say this is a must go to place. Enjoy.
Excellent food.  Been here twice and have had a great time each visit.  Spanish music plays in the background and a large TV shows the latest sports.  Friendly people.  And CHEAP!!!  Eat like a king for no more than $20 per person.  My new favorite spot in the Bronx.
Yeah... So this spot is just amazing... The food is great and the service is very hospitable... I am always a bit skeptical about  small spots but I have to say they did an awesome job with the food giving it respect with the right flavors. The decor is a somewhat contemporary take on old school Mexican and the space is a bit small. But it sure makes up in quality. My personal favorite is the Chicken Burrito... It kicks Chipotle in the rear with an army boot as far as flavor is concerned... Yeah! It's just that good!
Chicken Mole is amazing. So are the enchiladas Suizas. Everything is always fresh and always delicious. And the wait staff are always friendly, patience and really really nice.
I haven't mentioned the Tortas are off the charts!
Best guac I have ever had in my life, bar none.
I'm a fan of this small Mexican restaurant because of the amazing guacamole and burritos. The staff was friend and attentive. i recommend to others if they are in the neighborhood.
Always hits the spot with Tasty dishes using fresh ingredients. They deliver fast to your place too!
I passed by this soooooooooooooooooooooooo many times and never have i even looked at it. I was yelping restaurants around parkchester and I AM SOOO GLAD I LISTENED TO THE REVIEWS!!!  i LOVE this place. I tried it for takeout and got the chicken burrito and omgggggggggggggggggggg i was full for hours!! even for takeout the food looks pretty!! the proportions are HUGE. I am DEFINITELY coming here again but to eat in! i was watching the waiters deliver the food and everything looked soooo nice. The tortillas are served in this adorable straw basket...soo cute! TRY IT!
A few weeks ago was craving for mexican good, so I read the reviews here and decided to go. Place is small , however staff was nice, and explained about every meal. Free nachos are good, and their home made salsa is tasty. I had the steak fajitas which came with very well cocked green peppers, and I liked the yellow rice that comes with it. we asked the waitress for a suggestion and she recommended chilaquiles that was some tortillas and beans and chicken, with fried egg. the mix was good..however they serve big portions so I had some leftover for home.. i would totally come back here.
Great food, great service!
After reading all the great reviews I decided to give this place a try. I love Mexican food and I've found my new spot. For the appetizer I had guacamole and it was amazing. For the entree I had a spicy pork burrito which was good but it wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. We decided to have dessert and chose the coconut flan and that was also very good. The reviews proved this place to be very good. I won't comment too much on service because we were the only customers in their. The guy who I assume is the owner was very pleasant.
I didn't want to write a Review about this place in the Internet, but today it was the last straw..the food is OK..Nothing fancy nothing special..But the Delivery is a mess!!..Every time that I place an order they always write down the wrong address. Today I called and placed an order and spoke with one of owners and in "FLUENTLY SPANISH'  I gave her my address, very articulated and CLEAR and.. guess what???..She sent my order to another building...sick and tired of her inefficient, I called to let her know about the recurrent mistakes and she overreacted and over talked to me Not letting me speak or finish what I wanted to say...I tried to explained to this lady what was the problem but OBVIOUSLY she did not want to hear it...Unfortunately she just lost one of her loyal customer ( Cause I order at least once a week ) and I will spread my word..Her attitude stinks and her rudeness make customer to walk away...
Been there 2x. Both times could not have been more pleased. My mom put me on to this place. She seems to know where the good places to eat are. She scored big time with this one. Had the shrimp al ajillo. Wow! The chorizo tacos to die for. Sangria, guacamole, all something to write home about. This place should be to Zagat what Michael Jordan was to basketball! I rest my case.
I order for delivery at least once a week from this place. The guac is great. The veg burrito is excellent and full of flavor.  The fish tacos have a great chipotle sauce. Overall, the food is excellent. We order from this place for work meetings all the time. I strongly recommend it.
Is simple, I love this place, ones a week I need to eat from Tlaxcalii ..
Some of the best authentic Mexican food in NYC
Delish! Worth the trip! * I had the Carne Asada Buritto!
I like this place!!  First, it's so close to home and second, it's easy to get to from the 6 train.  My first time visiting the restaurant, we had to wait a little bit because it really is a small place but once we sat down, we were fine. I ordered guac and chips.  They also  bring out fresh salsa.  I have to say this is the BEST salsa I've ever tasted.  It was so fresh.  Not too spicy and all the ingredients really blended nicely.  The chips were perfect, not greasy at all.  The guac was also delish!  I ordered a steak Burrito.  It was stuffed w/ rice and beans and steak and the flavor was great.  I've also ordered chilaqueles, and I after eating that for the first time in Mexico, it was kind of hard to compare the two so I'll just say I won't be ordering that again.  The eggs were fried to hard and it just didn't taste as good as Mexico.  The mavi juice was delish!!  My mom ordered Tacos and she really enjoyed them.  I think it's definitely worth a visit.  Cheap eats and good food!
The food is very good but they are very slow and have many orders. . If you call an order in they give you 10 min pick up time but it ends up taking much longer.
I love the vegetarian burrito and the vegetarian tostado. The food is prepared fresh in an open kitchen so patrons can watch the preparation and the place is clean. The portions are very hearty and very affordable. Best Mexican food, hands down!
AWESOME!!!!!!! We found ourselves in the Bronx with no idea where to eat...... I whipped out my blackberry and after consulting my with trusty yelp app, we were led to an inconspicuous pink restaurant, where I enjoyed what was perhaps the finest burrito ive had east of the mississippi river!  everything from the service to presentation were great. was totally into the cactus salad even. this place is perfect, and cheap too.
it's just so amazing. everything. i've been there 4 times in the past month. i can't even come up with anything witty to say....just go eat there. service is awesome, they even have patience with this blanquita butchering the menu.
The chicken burrito was okay. I wish it had more chicken and pico de gallo in it. However, the presentation and service were great. I also tried the pastel de tres leches with strawberry and enjoyed it. I would go here again if I were in the area.
for inexpensive great tasting authentic mexican food this is the spot on starling ave bx the service is also great...
Me and my best friend wanted to try something different and authentic, and after looking up restaurants around the Parkchester area which is where we were going to the movies, we ran into ratings about this place. Boy, am I glad I listened to the ratings. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!! The restaurant is small with only about 15 tables for two/four people but the decor and atmosphere is great. The staff, especially the waitress who took care of us, were super nice and the food...DELICIOUS!! Firstly, the menu has like a million different selections for such a small place and the prices are great! We spent $40 bucks for 2 people, which included drinks, appetizers, main course dish and dessert. The food is prepared and served beautifully, it actually is so pretty you almost don't want to eat it because it looks like a work of art. However, you must!!! I never tasted such great Mexican food anywhere!!! The quesadillas are to DIE FOR, the coconut flan to DIE FOR and everything is is to DIE FOR!!! This is definitely going to be one of my favorite places to come. I will be here at least once/twice a month for sure! I recommend it to anyone who likes to eat, loves food, is on a budget, wants good service, wants orgasmic tasting food and doesn't want to travel all the way to Manhattan to get the complete opposite. BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT....LEGIT.
Anyone want some great authentic Mexican food head on down here.  Delicious Steak and Shrimps.  And the Flan for desert was amazing.  Small location great food.
Californian transplanted to the Bronx who is picky about Mexican food. Delicious, high-quality food for a crazy amazing value. I eat in or order out from here at least once per week.  This place is a gem!
I've been going to this place consistently since I found it. It's at least a once a week venture. The food is amazing, best burrito I've ever had, and I consistently choose to have it.
This place, located in a downscale neighborhood in the Bronx, is a hole-in-the-wall so narrow and tight that it is a real squeeze to walk past the bar to get to the restroom.  But make no mistake - this is one of the most highly regarded Mexican restaurants anywhere in NYC (one of the of the very few to have a Michelin recommendation), and that reputation is richly deserved.   We came here on a Saturday night, early, and we barely got in, and sat down at one of the very plain wooden tables.  We started with the complementary homemade chips, very thick and crunchy, with the spicy and smoky salsa that came with them.  Then I ordered a plate of nachos, not on the menu, shrimp Tlaxcalli style (very spicy!), and my wife ordered a chicken dish.  The service was friendly, and everything was amazing, massive, and cheap.  No way to finish it all.  The nachos came with carnitas (pulled pork), and it alone was enough for a meal for both of us.  We also had three glasses of sangria between the two of us, and that was excellent.  The entire bill including tip and tax was all of $64.   Outstanding!
I'm a big fan of the food here.  The ambiance is cozy and clean, the service is fast and friendly, and you won't break the bank to get a satisfying meal. The tacos are good but my favorite are the sopes, which are beans, steak meat and some kind of cheese on a thick corn tortilla.  The meat is not as flavorful as the tacos of El taurino or King taco (California), but for this area it is better than any in the City.  If you are in the area, I highly recommend  this place.
Great place and excellent prices. Staff is always friendly, the place is spotless and the décor is very cool and the food is amazing.
This is the BEST mexican food I've ever had!   *BONUS* It's inexpensive. I've loved this place since it opened.
This place is the real deal. The food is fresh and seasoned to perfection. It's easy to walk past it, but I recommend you taking the time and enjoying real Mexican food. Say goodbye to Taco Bell.
Great food- YES.  Great drinks- YES.  Great service- YES.  Gorgeous presentation- YES.  Great prices- YES.  Clean- YES.   This is probably the best Mexican food I've had outside of SoCal and I will be back as much as possible.  Nothing more to say.
Hands down best Mexican in the Bronx.  Probably best I have had in the city.  Everything is spot on perfect.  The salsa is outstanding, the chips are fresh.  The wait staff is incredibly friendly.  My go to spot in the Bronx.
I've always searched for good Mexican food in New York City, and this place is first class. The most surprising thing about it is the relatively low pricing for such high quality and taste. (If they were in the East Village, their food could easily be priced higher and would still beat out any competition.) The service is timely and very friendly, and the owners are always there to greet customers and manage things very well. Overall, it is the best Mexican I've had in New York City in the past ten years. The only tip: the most delicious food is available during dinner. Dishes I recommend: guacamole, nachos, molcajete, tortas, chicken enchiladas (verde), chicken burrito, anything with choritzo, and the salsa is to die for.
i'm not even about the bronx like that (qns/LI here) but this place is so good! every time i'm in the area visiting my friend in castle hill, we order from this place. soooo yummy!! +1 (and the only 1, lol) for the bronx!!
One of the worst tacos places in the Bronx, everyone keeps saying how good iti s because they went inside the taco shop and ate, others say the delivery is also good, but let's keep this real most people have  bad pallets and to be honest this taco shop for the first few years was alright, I know the owners and let me tell you the husband was a nice dude at first, then he became a total ass-h0le yes you read that correct, the wife seems to  have bi-polar and should not work at the restaurant anymore, as for the servers they seem to be the only people who treat you as a human and are quite nice, now I will add the meats are not USDA this you can tell by the taste, they are using very cheap quality meat and passing it as a good source, which really should never be done, for example when you buy the Grilled steak fajita ever notice the dry burnt meat they send to out to you, no taste no nothing very chewy very unpalatable in my opinion and many others, as for the delivery I must admit I read a review somewhere in here the person said they tell you one price and it is another at your door step! BOY is that the truth, I was told my order was 17.50 and yes that is with TAXES, at my door step the delivery guy says 20.00 now I ask you for real why do that? I mean it's not even a good idea, so I called them back up asked the owner how much was the order he bitched and said don't fuc-king buy from here again, now how nice was that of him? I warn you from experience people this place used to be the bomb now it's just full of shitty people, rather say owners and the chef no experience at all someone who is only paid because beer money is so important.. go get some real chefs in and some young ones too i'm sure they will cook proper Mexican food...As for going back there I will be honest I confronted them on it when they realized who I was boy did they feel bad, their loyal customer and sadly enough a lost one now! good ridden to this place off to another journey of taco shop hunting! Also guys I warn you I got stomach bacteria from eating at this place, not a good thing to have but I know for sure it was from there as I own a shop close by and its the only place I eat. no time to cook.. so yeah i'd rate this place shit wise 0.
