Just discovered this place today! Nothing short of amazing food, great service, and vibe! I came here for lunch with my friend and we had the pleasure of meeting the owner Arlen! She totally rocks! A true genuine business owner and chef! I highly recommend this place! Oh yeah, and try "Arlen's Brownies"... Crazy!
Should've known this place would be a did after tasting the mashed beans--I mean complimentary bean dip. Its served with pita crisps and is lacking so much flavor. I got a few tapas to share including the arepas (bland), cheese puffs (ok, but with a strange dipping sauce), salad (good) and  gambas al ajillo (the wine didn't cook off). We also got the jerk chicken entree. It was a pale blond color - the first sign of trouble. Jerk chicken is supposed to be dark w/ spices. It tasted like a barely seasoned roasted chicken. I'll concur that it was moist but with the salad being the best tasting dish at Mambo 64 means we won't be back. I must say that it's a lively, lovely joint with great staff though.
Pros: great cocktails! Beautiful decor and ambiance. Cons: super slow service. I can't say it any other way. It took 10 mins to order drinks and another ten to get them. Over all the food was okay, I really expected  intense flavors but I'd say it was more mediocre.
I usually don't like eating at the bar, but the wife and I neglected to make reservations and that was the only available seating. (And it was fairly early). Why not the bar? Usually the service suffers (tending bar is not the same as table service; I know, I used to manage a bar), the mixed aroma of various concoctions kind of ruins my appetite, and who wants to eat next to a drunk patron or two? Happy to say that none of this was the case at Mambo 64. First of all, we loved the familial warmth of (I presume) the owner and her daughter. Very welcoming. I also liked that the bar area was full of other couples enjoying their meals; it let us visually sample some of the menu. And no one was getting booze stupid. The menu was a wonderful-sounding variety of tastes, and we ordered up a bunch of different tapas. My one chief issue with almost all of them was that they were not hot enough. As in temperature. I wasn't expecting scalding hot, just not barely lukewarm, like they were sitting out on the counter for a while before being expedited. I guess we could have raised the issue, but we were having a good experience for the most part. The flavors were amazing, though. And of course the service was excellent. So yeah, we'll go back. Maybe ask them to not let our food cool down so much...
WHERE IS THE SALT AND PEPPER IN THIS PLACE?! Everything, and I do mean everything, is so bland that I almost forgot there was food in my mouth.  Seriously you guys...do you not season things back there?  I live in the area and am always looking for new, fun places to go, but after two tries, I have to believe that bland is just the name of the game here.  Like, even the guac has no salt?  COME ON! I WILL however come back here for their margaritas.  The Jalapeno margaritas are fantastic, although the second time I came they had run out of jalapenos... Long story short, unless they surprise me with a seasoning overhaul, I'll be sitting at the bar and not sitting for dinner (jalapeno or not).
2 for our first visit for dinner last night. Surprisingly the restaurant was not crowded so we were a bit apprehensive . No need for that.  Ambience is simple yet transportive (although not sure exactly what country I was in).  We felt we had gone "somewhere in Latin America". Food selection was limited but the three dishes we had were very flavorful. The special was mussels and yucca fries. A total winner. As everybody says, the staff is friendly, upbeat but very professional. We will go back for more.
If you are looking for unique drinks, relaxed atmosphere, awesome food at great prices this is the place.
Happy hour bartender rocks. Ambiance great. Drinks delish. Owner a doll! Best Happy hour in town by FAR!!!
Walking to Tuckahoe's Padre Pio festival, the family and I noticed this Latin American addition to the neighborhood. After surveying the festival and finding the food options limited, we decided to come back around and have some tapas. We were sad to learn that sandwiches are only served during Lunch (Brian was craving a Cuban), but we were able to find some great bites (Tapas) to split. Unlike the behemoths I am used to cooking and eating, their Argentinian-style beef empanadas were popper-sized morsels packed with flavor (the chimichurri dipping sauce didn't hurt!). Carnitas are probably my favorite latin dish, and theirs was rich in flavor with a pop from the corn salsa. The arepas with mango chutney were light and sweet and the salmon and roasted pepper ceviche was refreshing (though I would have preferred smaller pieces of salmon - but that's just a personal preference). Our waiter could not have been friendlier and the owner stopped by frequently to play with our son and make sure the food and service were to our liking.
Came here for a cooking class they hold monthly. It was very fun, interactive and delicious! Definitely worth the $! The owner, chef and staff were great hosts. Can't wait to come back for dinner.
Hmm...what a little jewel in Westchester. My bf and I went here on Saturday evening. We got about six tapas and one side dish - all of them were vegetarian. I really enjoyed the experience. I wasn't crazy about a few of the dishes like the arepas with the mango chutney (it was okay, I've definitely had better) and their guacamole was woefully under seasoned. But I did like their Brazilian cheese puffs (didn't like the sauce that went with it) and I really liked their yuca fries (they were kind enough to give me aji sauce with it). The service was excellent. They were so friendly, sweet, and very attentive! I loved how they delivered the bill as well - very cute and unique. They delivered it in a box with a couple of hard candies, a tiny flashlight, and reading glasses for those who may have vision problems. Very considerate! Might come back!
It's ok. Definitely not 4.5 stars. If you're into the Westchester "food scene" ie, St. George Bistro, Fortina, Cookery and the like, you'll be disappointed. Service is very nice and friendly, but the food is less than stellar. We had a "Blue fish" that fell flat. The appetizers were something out of a cook book. Cocktails weren't bad. I sort of miss the original Bistro Latino that used to be here. We will try it out again.
We loved this restaurant. We've been looking for a tapas restaurant since we moved to Westchester a few years ago. The waitress was very helpful helping us choose what we wanted to order. There was not one thing that we didn't love. The owner came to out table to talk to us and she couldn't have been nicer. The drinks were fantastic! We can't wait to go back.
Finally made it to Mambo 64.  Our server was extremely friendly which was nice. We ordered the empanadas which were the size of raviolis. The mussels weren't very flavorful and had no broth. The chicken skewers were strange because the meat was dark and had skin on them. Our main course was the hanger steak which was pretty good. The ginger champagne drink tastes like sour mix and the white sangria was awful.
I had a groupon for this place 25% off all food and drinks. I took my parents for dinner. Cost me 170.00 with tip. The food was not anything special it was decent. I had skirt steak , my dad had shrimp, my mom had jerked chicken. We also had cheese poppers and chicken satay appetizers they were all decent nothing I finished or wanted more of. The drinks were tasty but weak. I would definitely not come back here. The owner/hostess was stuck up. The waitress was nice but ditzy. They have no food for kids either, they have no fryer they said.
Having had dinner at Mambo 64 last night has compelled me to enroll and write a review on Yelp instead of just using other peoples reviews! We finally ate at Mambo 64 last night after spending many an evening sitting at the bar enjoying their wonderful cocktails and the fabulous company of everyone who works there. We had the most fantastic evening, ate the most delicious food and enjoyed the most welcoming and friendly company from everyone. We were there 5 hours in total and had a hoot!  They made nonalcoholic cocktails for our son and made him a special chocolate sauce to go with his pudding - nothing is too much trouble.  We all enjoyed our food and didn't want the flavors to end.  The feel of the place is spot-on.  There is great art work all around giving it a warm and hip feel - makes you feel like you have been transported to Cuba! We will be back for sure - maybe even Sunday morning for the brunch where they are having one of the talented ladies who work there playing the harp - sounds cool :-) Having a restaurant like this right on our door step is fantastic and I recommend everyone to try it - you will not be disappointed - unless of course you are someone who simply can't be pleased!  Recommend for any event - romantic dinner for 2, family dinner, birthday celebration, midweek Tapas......
This place is all about quality not quantity. The menu is small, but everything on it is absolutely superb. It is best to get a lot of different dishes so you can sample everything. Talking with the owner, who mingles around the restaurant all evening, she told us that rather than having an extensive menu, she prefers to only put something there that she is "absolutely in love with" (her words!). You can really feel the food love! The cheese puffs, empanadas, drinks, and desserts are fabulous and the atmosphere is very unique. Highly recommend!!
My wife and I stopped in earlier this week and really enjoyed the place.  The food was fresh and delicious.  The hostess and wait staff were attentive, knowledgable and friendly! We will definitely be back for more!! We had a selection of the tapas and an entree.  The carnitas were delicious as was the ceviche.  Everything was great but those really stuck out
Only open for about a month, I still feel like the place has some kinks to work out. The white sangria was delicious, but I should've just ordered a pitcher since the ice ratio was much higher. The black bean dip was also delicious but doesn't come with enough pita. The beef empanadas were just okay, while the pernil with rice & beans seriously missed the mark. The pork was flavorless, while the rice was soupy. Billed as a Tapas place, I found the dinner menu very limited. We asked for a side of Maduras or Tostones on the side. Apparently, they're only on the lunch menu. Why? To me, it makes sense to offer them, especially when you have other staples represented. Decor could also use some help, as well as the music. The wait staff is nice, but still learning the ropes. I think they could be better if they beefed up the menu and really concentrated on providing a more authentic experience. We didn't even want to try dessert and I NEVER pass on dessert. I'm sorry for the two stars. I hope you get better.
This place is amazing. Brunch is awesome and dinner is on point! Brought my parents too one evening and they loved it. Arlen is a great host. Also tried the cooking class. Met some very wonderful people although my attention span after 8 glasses of sangria took it's toll!
After dinning at Mambo 64 I felt compelled to write my first Yelp review. We stumbled here after deciding against our first option. We wanted to try something new and we are so glad we did. From the moment we walked in we felt 'welcome.' The staff were courteous and delightful. We shared the spinach and toasted cashew salad and salmon, mango and roasted pepper ceviche. Both were fantastic with very fresh ingredients. We also ordered the red wine sangria, which was delicious. If the fresh food doesn't entice you- please come for the drinks! For our entree we split Arlen's Jerk Chicken. One of the best we tried since Jamaica. We will be back! Thank you for a wonderful experience Mambo 64
When you walk into this place, you're instantly at home. The staff and usually the owner as well always greets you with open arms. The food is amazing. I personally love the hangar steak with the roasted potatoes. The tapas are also pretty great. I can't say enough good things about this spot. It's a great experience.
I attended the Eastchester Tuckahoe Chamber of Commerce meeting at Mambo 64 and was completely impressed with the place. The wait staff was beyond courteous and very professional. The guacamole was really unique as well as delicious and my entree of jerk chicken over coconut rice had a lovely presentation. I plan on going back with the hubby. Thank you Chef Arlen for your wonderful hospitality.
Great place, great atmosphere, and great food.  The staff is friendly and the service is great. The food is delicious! For Brunch, the plantains stuffed french toast is fantastic. Dinner as also fantastic. You can't go wrong here, you REALLY can't.
What a great find! Some co-workers and I were looking for a place to go for drinks and some good food. What we found was AMAZING DRINKS and EXCELLENT FOOD! When I called to make the reservation, they were so accommodating and when I entered the restaurant, I believe it may have been the owner, greeted me by first name and made me feel right at home!. I sat at the bar to wait for friends and the bartender was informative regarding the menu. I had the Ginger cocktail -- DELICIOUS! My friend had a mojito -- delicious and my other friend had another specialty cocktail that was phenomenal. Fast forward to the table -- the waiter was extremely friendly and professional. The food was so tasty!!!!!!! the guacamole -- the fresh avocado taste with the spices was a perfect blend. The empanadas (sweet potato one) again just delicious. I had the hanger steak. WOW -- the blend of scallions, red peppers and flavors danced in my mouth while the sweet potatoes and regular potatoes were the perfect balance of taste. We didn't have dessert just coffee -- which was again perfectly made. It was a perfect night -- I was so impressed by the lady who greeted us and how she managed the restaurant. I felt so at home there and the food was excellent. I will not only be back, I will bring friends and pass on the great find in Tuckahoe!
Really enjoyed the food with the entertainment/music on Father's Day! I especially enjoyed the appetizers (Tapas) Cheese Ball with meat and Shrimp with Garlic Sauce and Flan dessert!
For having opened fairly recently, I was impressed with this place! We came here the day after Christmas for dinner and it was quiet when we sat down but bustling by the time we left. I liked that they give you pita bread and black bean dip to start, it's different and really tasty! We ordered the sweet potato empanadas, the beef empanadas, the guacamole, cheese puffs, and chicken skewers. The guacamole was delicious; it had grapes and nuts in it, which was totally different than any guac I had ever tried before. Everything else was great except the chicken skewers; those were just ok to me. But I love the decor and the staff was extremely friendly. We'll be back!
In full disclosure the owner is my neighbor. That aside the food is fantastic and the service is first rate. While there is an abundance of Mexican and other Latin restaurants in Westchester Mambo is the real deal. The mixed drinks are on point and varied from the classic mojito to caribbean staples. The food portion is perfect. Despite the sumptuous meal and drinks the service is even better.
I read about this place in the Journal News and then looked up the reviews on Yelp.  All the positive reviews, as well as Mambo's website, really made me want to try it and I'm so glad I did. The owner, Arlen, was so gracious.  She seemed genuinely happy to greet and talk with her customers.  The whole staff was very friendly.  I loved the decor as well. First, let me say that the white sangria was the best I've ever had... so delicious!  The food was good too.  We had tapas only - cheese puffs, shrimp, asparagus, ceviche, sweet potato and black bean empanadas, and carnitas.  The only one I wasn't crazy about were the cheese puffs.  I was expecting there to be melted cheese in them, which there wasn't, so for my taste, they were a bit dry (but they do come with a dipping sauce).  Everything else was very good.  Oh and they give you a dish of black bean dip with some type of pita bread when you arrive.  Loved that dip! I really hope they do well there.  I will definitely be back to Mambo 64!
Great intimate, cozy vibe. Owner Arlen is fantastic and quite hospitable. she has written few books on tapas and cocktails. The interior designing is quite artistic which adds a new color to this latino setting.  The tapas are fantastic. Try shredded pork tacos, chicken skewers, carnitas. Flan for dessert is awesome and so is brownies with vanilla ice cream. Most importantly it is the customer service and great friendly atmosphere that is a top notch! I waited for 3 visits to give a honest review and I am so glad our little town has this gem.
Very pleasant experience.  Cozy place with upbeat vibe.  Helpful, friendly service.  Delicious margarita.  Food was fresh, plentiful, nicely presented.  Taste was just good, however.  Would have been a 4 if the flavor was more developed.  Oh well.
Everything was very good, from the food to the staff. This was our second time there and it was better than the first. I had the shrimp tapas and it was excellent. I also had the arugula salad and my boyfriend got the hanger steak, very very good. The red sangria is also good, but my new favorite is the berlize cocktail (tastes just like a piña colada). Overall a very good dining experience and would definitely recommend to all.
Awesome place!Decor very intimate and cozy,very friendly staff and the food is outstanding! You will love this one! Make reservations. Fills up fast
Eh. It's fine. They should've stayed Bistro Latino though, the ambiance is exactly the same but the food isn't as good. Service is good and wine selection is nice. Not going to go running back, but definitely no major complaints. It is a nice place to stop on the way to somewhere else - have a glass of wine and a few apps and it's enjoyable.
I had the pernil (shredded pork with rice), and oh man, was that a little heaven on earth! It was delicious, and my son who had the same dish almost licked the plate! The atmosphere was friendly and the service was excellent. I liked that the owner was on the spot, making sure everything was right. I'm going back as soon as I can.
My wife and I dropped in Saturday night for some tapas and drinks. The owner Arlen is on the top of her game. Food was great... especially the empanadas and ceviche. It is a small and cozy restaurant well suited for socializing with friends. The menu is small but everthing that we tried - about 6 tapas dishes - was great. I can't wait to go back and try some of the 'platos fuertes' which are on the menu.
stopped in wed night with my wife, a friend, his daughter and my granddaughter.  The owner Arlen greeted us and it went amazing after that.  We had about 10 tapas from asparagus to the shrimp gambas.  The guac was very different and really good.  I also really enjoyed the carnitas.  My wife does not drink very often but after tasting the white sangria she had to have a whole glass.  We also had a dessert extravaganza of brownies,waffles, ice cream and strawberries, blueberries and creamy flan.  Will most definitely be back.
We stopped by at 10:30 on Sat night and were delighted to see the kitchen was still open. This was my 3rd time and my husband's second. The appetizers are so delicious. Our personal favs are the shrimp, arepas and empanadas. Each having a wonderful accompanying sauce. My only complaint on the shrimp was not enough bread to soak up the dipping sauce! You def must try Arlen's Guacamole. It's a clever take on the standard avocado concoction.  Their sangria's are just the best to. We'll be back for sure!
What a wonderful place! Food was creative and delicious. Sangria was the best I've had in a really long time. Atmosphere and decor was cool, inviting and fun. It was intimate without feeling cramped. Above all else the service was excellent. You really get the sense that the owner and her staff genuinely want you to enjoy your entire experience and in our case they were 100% successful.
Went for a dinner a few weeks ago and we found the service to be absolutely excellent and very warm and friendly. The drinks were quite good also- however the one drawback was the food/menu options. There weren't very many options and the four things we did try were only so/so. There was nothing we got overly excited about. We tried the corn/mango fritters, the beef empanas, and the shrimp- my favorite was the shrimp but we didn't find the food memorable enough to make it another dinner stop. I would however stop in for a drink and appetizer if I am in the area potentially or just a drink! I would love if they could expand their menu a bit because tapas are wonderful and there are so many fun types you can make!
What a wonderful addition to Main St!  A quaint Latin restaurant with a NYC vibe.  All the tapas we tried were scrumptious and served by a friendly, welcoming staff. The owner was there and welcomed us with a warm smile, her passion for flavorful cuisine shined through. My new favorite restaurant when I'm in the mood for yummy mixed drinks (the mojitos were delicious), Latin cuisine and a great vibe. The brownies topped the meal off perfectly. Can't wait to dine there again!!! A must go!
I wanted to try something new. Nice atmosphere, food is so so. I like more flavor. Probably won't go again.
Great Tapas, drinks and service in Tuckaho. We had heard about this new restaurant which has been here less than a year. It was great.  They can't do enough for you. The mojitos and sangria were the best with lots of fresh fruit and mint. A wonderful appetizer is brought to the table which was a black bean type dip with pita- wonderful. We ordered an assortment of Tapas for 4 of us, each special with special sauces. We liked the shrimp and pork tacos the best but everything was fresh and tasty. We will return soon with our friends. There is parking on the street in front of the restaurant. Prices are moderate for westchester.
My boyfriend and I came here right after it opened, very similar to what Bistro Latino had going on but we really enjoyed Mambo's food selection better! Drinks were awesome and the food was very good. Loved the shrimp dish, Gambas al Ajíllo it was delicious! Panuchos were also very good! Everyone was very friendly, we were the only couple in there and the service, i hate to admit, was a bit slow but we just chalked it up to them being new. We'll definitely be returning!
A great little restaurant in Yonkers.   Prices are very reasonable for such fresh and high quality food. Food was outstanding, decor is great, and service was impeccable.  The staff worked hard to pay attention to the little details.   I will definitely visit again.
I've been to Mambo 64 quite a few times since it's opening in the spring of 2013 and I now consider it one of my favorite restaurants in Westchester. The atmosphere is a perfect combination of festive and cozy with acoustics that allow for intimate conversation while also creating a fun "mambo" inspired vibe. The warmth and graciousness of owner Arlen Gargagliano make all diners feel welcome and cared for.  Her love of food from around the world truly shines in her dishes. My personal favorites- Argentinian Style Beef Empanadas with Tomato Chimichurri dipping sauce, Gambas al Ajillo (Spanish-style sherry sautéed shrimp with out of this world, cant dip enough, dipping sauce), Arlen's Guacamole (with complementing flavors of Chipotle, sweet red grapes and crunchy toasted pecans) and the Roasted Asparagus with Romesco Sauce. Sharing Tapas with friends is a great way to try the many delicious items on the menu but there is also a great selection of "Platos Fuertes" or Entrees including a vegetarian option and a "Pescado Del Dia" (fish of the day). I keep going back for Arlen's Jerk Chicken with Coconut Rice!   The cocktail menu is equally enticing; with signature cocktails from Arlen's cocktail/tapas books and fun drink specials to experiment with new tastes. I've dined at Mambo in a large family group, as a casual meeting of friends, and even at the bar alone with my husband, making it an outstanding and versatile choice in dining. p.s. don't miss the brownies!
This new gem of a restaurant is a great addition to the restaurant scene in Tuckahoe.  Browsing through the menu, you will find a good selection of tapas and larger plates.  I love to come in after work for some tapas and a drink.  My favorite tapas are the carnitas and the beef empanadas.  Love their drink menu as well.  The pisco sour and ginger champagne cocktails are excellent.  They are always creating new cocktails as well, all very yummy.  The owner and waitstaff are very friendly and welcoming.  It's a must try!
My husband is a serious foodie and I read Mambo 64's great reviews in Westchester Magazine so I booked a reservation. The food was wonderful! We like the beef empanadas so much that we ordered a second plate. The other tappas were innovative, unique and so delicious. We ate every bite! The restaurant is small and the atmosphere cozy casual. Our hostess and waiter were very nice and helped us put together a simple plate for our young child. We will definitely come here again and tell all of our friends about this wonderful new restaurant in Tuckahoe NY!
been living in the area for 6 years... this place is maybe a year old.. finally decided to try it last sat night .... better than i expected ... decor is cool and hip... service is very friendly ... food is excellent ... nice twist on the gucamole...everything is fresh and tasty... shrimp was deliciuous...the two of us only ate tapas, but 4 or 5 is enough to fill you up  .. enjoyed the drinks as well.. did not find any faults ...so glad i decided to try it, and i will be back for sure ... i own a bar/ restaurant myself, so i dont like to write negative reviews on places... if i dont like it, i keep it to myself usually, but if i find a place worth recomending , i write a review ... u can tell that the owner has put their heart into the palce , so they deserve a good review ..i would not be afraid to reccommend this place
