Amazing food.. Everyone in the area should definitely stop in! Potato salad was fantastic, as well as the jumbo shrimp combo and gyro!! Ohhhh and the Mac and cheese! Customer service was great.. Will definitely return when I am back in town!
Didn't feel like ordering Chinese or a burger so I searched other options in my area on Yelp. Noticed this place had pretty good reviews decided to check it out. I ordered the buffalo shrimp, shrimp and fish combo and the Indian chicken with rice. Pros - The fish was excellent fresh and the batter had nice seasoning. Tartar sauce was good. Cons - Fries were very greasy, no salt and had an odd texture to them. They were chewy and crunchy. The Indian chicken has the potential to be a really nice dish it had a lot of spices but once again no salt. I also would have preferred to have the salad in a separate container so my lettuce wasn't wilted. Overall a good experience will definitely be ordering again especially when they start delivering.
Glad I seen this place on yelp! The food was amazing!! The buffalo shrimp and Mac and cheese were the best I've ever had!  The owner Pepe is a great guy who you can tell is proud of his food, enjoyed every sample he had to give :) Will definitely be coming here often.
The Shrimp are Huge!!! and the Mac & Cheese is like Easter Sunday @ Grandma's
Amazing customer service. Lamb platter was delicious.  It was if halal from the city made its way to New Rochelle.  The fish and chips was a good choice. Mac and cheese, potato salad, cole slaw and yams were all DELICIOUS.  Food is fresh and not oily. As for the chef superb customer service.
Great Food, great people, definitely a must try. Still thinking about the Buffalo Shrimp. Will be back to try that again.
We decided to stop here after a day at the beach. They have the best fried shrimp I ever had in my life!! The homemade roasted garlic tartar sauce is to die for! The French fries were made with fresh potatoes, no frozen fries there. The mac and cheese was also very good. This is my new favorite spot for fried shrimp. I can't wait to go back and try some other items on the menu.
Incredible food; Quality service. Highly recommended to everyone I discuss food with.
Came to visit a friend in New Rochelle when I came across Pepe's Place and boy was I glad I did. Their jumbo shrimp is FRESH and to die for. I also enjoyed their mac and cheese, collard greens, and cheesecake! I will definitely be coming back here just for this new spot. Also, excellent customer service!
Great food and excellent customer service!  The fried shrimp is my favorites.  I'm hooked!  I definitely recommend this restaurant.
New Rochelle is on a roll! Great new spot right next to city hall. Where else can you get jumbo fried shrimp, and a halal platter of chicken and lamb? Thank you for saving me time and money by eliminating city island, and 53rd and 6th ave. This place is the real deal.
I stopped by this take-out place today and boy did it live up to its reputation. Their menu is very diverse and caters to all palettes and cravings. I ordered the LAMB GYRO and the SHRIMP/FISH COMBO. Everything was AMAZING!!!!! I would definitely  come back when I'm in the neighborhood.
Pepe's is an amazing take out place. I had the shrimp combo and it was amazing. I will definitely go back.
Visiting in from the great state of Texas and was looking for local eats. Found this spot in New Rochelle near where I was staying.  The food at this place was delicious! Ordered a bit of everything amongst friends and got to sample a lot of the menu. The shrimp was beyond amazing.  But you have to get that tarter sauce to complement your meal. I wish I could bottle that stuff up! If you're looking for some great food with variety check out pepes place.
Everything's delicious at Pepe's. Their Jumbo shrimp is delicious! Fish whiting awesome! Their Clam strips - the best!! Why go to city island when this is in my neighborhood! Their Chicken Platter or Mix Platter is seasoned well and better than the cart food in the city!! Try it out, you won't regret it! :)
If you want seafood, this is the place to go. Food is unbelievable.  Watch out for that tartar sauce it's like crack!!!!!
Pepe's Place is definitely all it's cracked up to be! Everything is fresh and homemade, and tastes AMAZING! The shrimp is incredible, and the sweet potatoes will make you feel like you're in heaven! Not to mention the ever changing variety of incredible desserts! Definitely a favorite place!
Pepe's has got the most awesome food in Westchester. Their pastries are literally gourmet style, at the fraction of the price. The fried shrimp tastes amazing. It's good ole' homestyle soul food. If anyone is in the area, definitely stop by Pepe's!
