My wife and I have gone to Dubrovnik's three times over the last 8 months and each time we have exceptional meals and found the dinning experience to be like no other!  When we ate there the first time it was in the early fall and the owners prided themselves on only serving vegetables that they grew in their organic garden in the back of the restaurant.  The heirloom tomato salad we had was incredible!  They have an outdoor grill where they cook most of their fish and meats.  We were there recently on a Saturday night and both floors of their restaurant were filled with festive guests, many of whom were singing Serbian folk songs and while my friends and I weren't familiar with their melodies, it added to our pleasure and made the dining experience even more delightful.  If you go, please make a reservation and be patient since the dining experience is worth it!
My family and I went for a Bday dinner. It was the 11 of us. And we all enjoyed it very much. Great food. Excellent service and experience. We will go there again for dinner :)
Atmosphere was very quiet on a Monday night, all couples. Server's demeanor and candor was a bit weird and off putting. The food was promised to be fresh, but my wife's beet salad definitely came out of a can. The whole fish was good but very heavy on the garlic. All in all, probably a one and done visit. Over hyped for sure.
I went there for my friends surprise bday party. The food is delicious. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was great. I really have no complaints. I will be returning.
Excellent Mediterranean fish dishes served to perfection. Very nice patio area but too cold right now. This establishment is newly renovated in the heart of downtown New Roc City. Excellent service with genuine nice people. You will not be disappointed, we had the Grilled Calimari, Octopus Salad, bacalar Cod main course and whole Branzino all to perfection, using very fine olive oil.
Beautiful place. The food was very good and flavorful. The grilled calamari was amazing. I could eat 10 pounds of that stuff. The staff was clean and very polite and friendly. The only thing that I wasn't too crazy about was that the service was a bit slow when the time came around for coffee and crepes. Also the price was decent except that I don't understand why espresso costs 4.00 and they barely filled the cup. I understand that a single espresso is supposed to be "short" as they say but 4.00 makes no sense. 4.00 itself is not a lot it's just a matter of principle. other places charge around 3.00 sometimes 3.50 this is the only place where it cost more. Either way regardless of all that I would definitely go back. It seems like the perfect place to take out a nice girl on a date. Relaxing comfortable and the food is great. So I'll definitely be back.
From the lovely decor to the impressive array of fresh fish lovingly displayed on an iced tray brought to your table, it is clear that the owner and staff of this restaurant take great pride in their establishment.  Happily, the quality of the food is just as impressive.  We started with clams casino and the grilled shrimp over a bed of roasted vegetables as appetizers.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  We followed this with two terrific entrees: Grilled Salmon with asparagus risotto and Soft Shell Crab on a bed of linguini served in a light tomato broth.  The European style portions were satisfying without being overwhelming.  Though tempted, we did not give in to a dessert menu that included, among other sweets, the allure of Nutella-filled crepes.  The valet parking was  a definite plus, as well.  Highly reccommended
I have been to this restaurant a few times, and couldn't wait to get my friends to come as well. All of them loved the experience. The place is beautiful, and the atmosphere is very classy, yet incredibly laid-back and family oriented. The owner, Jerry, is always around, welcoming patrons, or on the grill making sure that the lamb or fish is perfectly done, or sharing a glass of wine and a story with many returning customers on the back balcony overlooking the garden, where the restaurant gets most of their herbs and vegetables. The food is done to perfection, and the flavors are authentic to Croatia, giving this restaurant the "one-of-a-kind" reputation, as I was frankly getting tired of the restaurant choices in the area. Wine list is extensive and well put together, offering a number of wines not usually available in other restaurants, giving a wine lover a chance to experience something new. Jerry, a wine maker himself,  is always glad to recommend a wine pairing with your food choice. My husband really liked the elegance of the interior, and the menu choices, and is planning to bring business partners here for lunch. I, on the other hand, was really impressed with the strong family bonds that were the foundation of this restaurant. Jerry's wife and kids can often be seen helping out, and many of the recipes are bought directly from Croatia, fresh from the cookbook of Jerry's mom who owns a restaurant in Dubrovnik. I'm glad that such a great place opened up not far away from my home and I'm looking forward to spending lots of time there.
We waited one hour for our 8 PM reservation before giving up and leaving. We could write this off as an anomaly if the same thing didn't happen the last time we tried to go here. We will not go back. They obviously overbook. Prepare for a long wait if you go.
Went there with friends based on reviews I had read. Well the food and the service definitely met our high expectations. I was thrilled to see that they had soft shell crabs on the menu as a special. They were delicious and perfectly prepared. Everyone else in our party had various fish dishes, also well prepared and tasty. This is definitely one of my new favorite restaurants and I can't wait to return.
I had never eaten Croatian food before but it was delicious. I had the veal ragu which certainly exceeded my recommendations.  Their selection of wines is diverse and they allow you to try any that you want. The bartenders are extremely friendly and are always willing to give you recommendations.  Atmosphere is very modern, I will return again.
Grilled calimari was perfect. They bring your fish to the table bfr they cook it. Execution on the fish was perfect. Croatian wine was good as well.
Just had a delicious meal here with my parents.  The tuna was perfectly cooked and the Swiss chard was a lovely compliment to the fish.  I started with the artichoke and arugula salad which was excellent! We also had a great bottle of wine with dinner! Prices were reasonable and although service was a tad slow, everyone was very kind and we felt very well taken care of. Additionally we took a tour of the whole restaurant and were very impressed with the outdoor space and the gardens! We will definitely be returning!
Recently moved back into the New Rochelle area and was pleased to find a new restaurant of this caliber. I agree with some of the other reviews that the location is not ideal, but once you enter the doors, you're in another world- not the Main St of New Rochelle that you stepped off of. For a Monday night, they had a decent crowd, which was promising - you wonder how many people are searching for Croatian food....or ever know it exists. The wait staff was extremely attentive, our waiter was from Croatia and shared his experience and culture with us. Taking his recommendations, we tried the Zlatan Plavac wine- which was full bodied, fruity (plum) and woody. For appetizers, we had grilled octopus, served w/ cabbage and also a fresh beet salad. The grilled octopus was extremely tender and flavorful - simple seasonings, allowed the octopus to be enjoyed more- it was very delicate. For my entree I had the grilled Bronzino, which our waiter de-boned for me table side. It couldn't have been more enjoyable, the fish was so good and the swiss chard and potatoes it was served with complimented it well. Again, very simple ingredients throughout the whole meal. The whole experience was consistent. The crepe filled with ice cream & nutella was a perfect finish to a light meal. For an after dinner drink, we enjoyed a glass of Rakia (Croatian grappa). I will be back and can't wait to explore the menu further.
We go out with a group of friends the first Wednesday of the month and we have been to many many  restaurants but this was great we had the red snapper and all the appetizer were unbelievable  the prices were great also I will be coming again and again thank you to the staff and the owner we had a great time .
This is a great addition to fine dining in New Ro.  The atmosphere is gracious yet casual and friendly.  The service is attentive but not lurking.  The food is wonderful.  It's fresh, well seasoned, beautifully prepared and yummy.  We had a great meal and will go back soon.
What a gem! Dubrovnik is a beautiful new restaurant with excellent, sophisticated food. Where to start...The main room has light oak floors and high ceilings and a beautiful bar area. There is a patio in the back which overlooks the garden where they grow fresh spices and produce. The grill for fish and other dishes is on the patio. Downstairs is a small banquet room with wine storage along the wall  and another room with a beautiful stone floor and oak ceiling which leads to the garden. A beautiful setting. Now for the food. The menu has a great variety of fish, pasta, lamb and other dishes. We started with a great grilled calamari in a lemon butter sauce. We had the roasted lamb w potatoes and the lobster, clams and yellow tomatoes special over linguini for entrees. Both were excellent and the portions ample. We had the baklava and flan for dessert along with a great cappuccino. The owner, Jerry Tomic, was everywhere, giving tours of the restaurant and garden and helping with orders. Dubrovnik is a great new choice for fine dining on the Sound Shore.
Fantastic food, a beautiful atmosphere and reasonably priced to boot. My wife and I ate here this past Saturday and have been raving about it ever since, The waiter actually brought out the evenings fresh seafood specials on a tray of ice for us to peruse before ordering. The Garden and patio are beautiful and everyone on the staff was both very friendly and attentive. We have been raving about this place to everyone.
Had an excellent meal.  The fish was fresh and well prepared, although I didn't love the sauce on my cod.  The grilled calamari appetizer might have been the best grilled calamari I've ever had.  The service was attentive and friendly.  We will definitely be going back.  Appetizers were priced around $10-15, main courses from $19-34.
What a hopping place.  The atmosphere is lively but not overbearing.  Lovely decor...even the restroom rates 5 stars. We had a bottle of Croatian Wine that the bartender had recommended called Bura and he was spot on.  For starters we had: fried  calamari (our friend said that he has never had better).  Beet Salad and octopus salads... amazing.   The waiter brought over a huge platter of fresh fish.  My husband had the golden snapper served whole..., it was very fresh and grilled to perfection..  Our friend had the Mama Teresa... WOW... huge portion with a 1/2 lobster sitting on top of a seafood pasta medley... our friend loved the dish and commented said that sauce was the best he has had.   We also had the veal with gnocchi , the gnocchi were so light and veal and sauce is amazing. and  last but not least I had the chicken with eggplant and cheese...I loved it, the side of mashed potatoes was very yummy.  Even though we were pushing it we made room for dessert and we were not sorry.  The placinke (crepes) were unexpected. The crepe came out filled with vanilla icecream drizzled with Nutella.  We were expecting Nutella filled crepes...but it was great.  I had the caramel cream cake... this is a must try.  Bravo Jerry and staff for staying true to the Croatian cuisine and ambiance.  Well done!  We will be back!
This place is a hidden gem in New Rochelle. I don't come to New Ro often to eat unless I'm going to Don Coqui, Spadaro or Dubrovnick which is my new favorite spot.  I came here with my girlfriend and another couple for dinner on a Saturday in the winter. Pulling up to valet parking was a great surprise. We were kindly greeted by the host and after a short wait we were seated downstairs at a table in the wine cellar. There was a large party seated who were enjoying a whole roasted lamb dinner which is something I definitely want to go back for.  The food here is amazing. Everything we had was a seafood of some kind. We enjoyed the sardines and grilled octopus as an appetizer and most of us had the whole roasted Branzino. There wasn't one dish that wasn't fresh or beautifully prepared. The service here is also wonderful, the staff is very attentive and knowledgeable about the wine list and menu.    I can't wait to go back.
This restaurant is beautiful. The food is absolutely amazing. We had calamari in lemon and butter. Lamb chops cooked perfect over broccolini and tuna over asparagus risotto. Ended our meal with a Croatian crepe filled with ice cream and Nutella. Weekends they have valet parking. They waiter is very attentive and the manager was very accommodating. A great find in New Rochelle. Exceptional!!!!!!
Amazing food, service, and decor. I'll definitely be coming back. Something as simple as "veal stew" turned into an excellent experience.
Nicely prepared food from a different part of the world! Valet parking and very informal atmosphere.
We really enjoyed our dinner at Dubrovnik.  The highlight is the grilled fish done on their huge outdoor charcoal grill. Everything we tasted including the salad (artichoke and arugula), seafood on pasta , grilled sardines and seafood platter was delicious. The service is relaxed and friendly.  There's free valet parking. It's a very European experience!
Really nice local spot.  You can tell the staff cares...lots of pride here.  A bit expensive for the area, but the food is top notch.  Went all fish, grilled octopus with tons of garlic.  I had the black bass and my wife had the Halibut special.  Both great, lots of fresh oil, herbs, etc.  should be noted the portions are VERY generous, wife and I could have shared a main.  Will return.
I fell in love with Dubrovnik, Croatia on day one. The coast, the people, the food, lijepa. And this place, the food just brought all those blissful memories back.
A gem in an area of New Rochelle where you wouldn't otherwise end up. Food and service were excellent ... the owner takes a big interest in his guests and was super-friendly. Ask to eat outside on the patio if the weather is nice.
Came here for date night a couple of months ago wasn't expecting much being that it's around the corner from my house. It was quaint super friendly staff and owners. They had a guy singing opera which was interesting. I had the whole Branzino which was delicious. Will be back.
I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!!! Went here for a family birthday and all I can say is WOW or wait PERFECTION!! From the moment you walk into the restaurant the experience is delightful. The servers know the menu inside and out and the food was fantastic!! If I could eat here every day I would!!!
Came here for lunch with friends. I had the veal and gnocchi. Very tender and soft gnocchi. Very good customer service as well. Fresh seafood selections everyday. Definitely try the chicken breast with truffle oil. Prices are definitely a little high for this area, wasn't expecting it. Dessert definitely get the Nutella and ice cream crepe. Probably best crepe in westchester. Sealed the deal for me Good portion sizes too, i didn't order any appetizers. Btw this place is open for Lunch.
HAd the pork chops they were delicious, my date had the filet mingon delicious also. Def will be going back to try therre fish selection.
We had a great experience here- felt like we were on vacation!  We ate there last month & sat on the patio.  Beautiful tile work on the floor - big brick oven - overlooking a wide vegetable garden - guitar players playing Croatian music - the whole experience took us by surprise.  The food was simply prepared but delicious.  We both tried a fish dish - the red snapper & orada - very tasty - and they deboned my fish for me!  Worth a trip!
Lovely place for a special dinner.  Newly redone space it feels like...feels nice. Food was presented very beautifully, service was very good.  The inside space was very very cold though.  Also the live music was nice but didn't need to be plugged in, it was too loud...acoustic would have been fine considering the number of occupants and the size of the space.  Plus it should be background music not a live concert.  Food and service are great.  I would go back.
Alas 2 errors with drink orders and rubbery and tasteless octopus did not enhance our dinner. Waitstaff was helpful and errors got fixed but my elderly aunt aka she-who-must-be-heeded was not amused. Dinner was slow coming. The tuna was not well cooked but the rest if the fish was. Did  it try dessert as everyone wanted to go. The food was better in Dalmatia
Unquestionably the best restaurant in New Rochelle.  I had the "Dubrovnik salad" basically the best tomato and cucumber salad ever, followed by a salmon steak (be prepared for a few obvious bones) and the crepes dessert.  My companion ordered the chick pea soup, grilled tuna, and shared my desert. Everything was prepared perfectly, if a bit slower than expected ( but who wants to rush such a great experience anyway!) I definitely recommend ordering fish (and ordering it cooked no more than "medium"!) your first time here.  Also, for a unique experience, try the Fig grappa with desert!  It's a great twist on the grappa many of us are used to. ENJOY!
This place is great. I haven't been to many restaurants in New Rochelle, but this must be among the best. I had a terrific rib-eye with mashed potatoes. For an app, my wife and I split the sardines which we both thought were cooked perfectly. The grill everything on an outside charcoal bbq that looked very much like the way argentina does their asadas, the way god intended meat to be cooked. Our waiter was awesome and even gave me a tour as we were leaving. He introduced us to croatian wine, which I found to be exceptional. Dry and earthy, and reasonably priced. We took a few bottles home with us. We had a baby in a stroller, which was no issue for them at all. They made the necessary adjustments and were happy to do it. They do like to cart around the fresh fish flatter, which I'm sure is meaningful to someone, but it seems like an unnecessary burden. If I could change anything it would be that -- I know what fish looks like.
What a great experience. I had as a starter the grilled Octopus. It was grilled just perfect with a touch of oil and garlic. Simply beautiful! Main course was the scallops in a yellow tomato sauce with linguine. The linguine was cooked perfect al dente . Both dishes so delicious. My wife had a filet mignon steak cooked medium and very tender with the same great taste you would expect from a top New York steak house . The waiter staff was very friendly and attentive with the meals served immediately when finished in the kitchen. Complementary iced grappa, put the finishing touch on the experience. This restaurant is a gem!
Had fried calamari, filet mignion and crepes with ice cream and nutella. Everything was delicious and the service was good, so will definitely be back again.
Enjoyed a perfect lunch in their beautiful patio.  We had the octopus salad, grilled Calamari and linguini with scallops.  Everything was absolutely delicious and portions were generous. We will definitely be back!
Food is delicious and staff is great.  Our meal ended with chilled Grappa just like in Croatia! Definitely a place to try.  Enjoy fine Mediterranean food and the bar scene is good on the weekend.
Time management 1 We went on a busy valentines night at around 930pm. Our first appetizer came 50minute after we ordered....!!! That's just not tolerable. Food 3 I'm not sure if it was because there were limited selections for the valentine's or it's usually like this, but every dish my bf and I ordered came with same sides of potatoes and green beans. The restaurant apologized about the delay a few times and brought us a free appetizer w/ calamari, green beans and potatoes again! The salmon my bf ordered was so plain that he asked for salt. The pasta I ordered was not what I expected... The noodle was a little hard. Service 4 Our waitress was vey nice. She always came to us and apologized about everything. I felt bad for her. :/ she explained that it's because of the valentine's day, however, I still think that any restaurant should be ready to host a large amount of parties at the same time.
Incredibly delicious. I had the steak with olives, it was to die for.. A lot of black pepper though, but it's ok. It was amazing. Their crepes with ice cream and nutella were also scrumptious. Oh and the bartender prepared me a mojito with lavender in it and I can say I never tasted a mojito so good. I recommend this place.
Went here based on the good reviews but maybe they had an off night.  The grilled calamari was too salty...the table couldn't finish it.  The tuna tartar was just OK.  My seafood risotto should have been called butter risotto.  Two others at the table go rib-eye steaks which I could have cooked better in my backyard.  In all fairness it was extremely busy the night I went and maybe they weren't ready for it that night.  Maybe I will give them another try on a weeknight.
A perfect meal for those of you  who love freshly grilled fish,veal stew,mushroom risotto,cheeses,salumi and crepes with apricot jam. A superb espresso to boot. Service was very friendly and fast with a nice smile on everyone's face. If you are lucky enough to see the private room, it's like a modern art museum. I am very picky about restaurant food and was so happy to have found this gem. Plus there's valet parking too!
First time here. Very good lunch. Grilled octopus app and stuffed cabbage for lunch. What I really want to try is the lamb specialty. Very beautiful looking place. Loud though. When I got here I was only one here. Now it's nearly full. Not bad for mid-week at 1:30. Lunch is a graveyard for lots of places in this economy. Will definitely be back.
So I've checked out this place twice already and will say it's a nice place, even if it's not situated in the best location of New Rochelle.   On my first visit, we got the salata od hobotnice (octopus salad) and grilled calamari, which were both good.  The grilled calamari was a nice change from the breaded version that most restaurants serve.  I also got the branzino (fish), which was delicious.  I tried two of the Croatian wines, Bura and Koslovic, and thought the Bura was more in sync with the medium body wines that I like.   Normally, that would have resulted in me giving four stars, but on the second visit, my group noticed a slight change. The salata od hobotnice  and the crni rizoto that I got for my appetizer was too al dente for my taste.  I had my other friend try it and basically he agreed it was undercooked.  We also ordered pasta dishes, the plodovi mora (seafood linguini) and srnetina na lovacki (venison stew) and those were ok.  I did like the half lobster that was sitting on top of the linguini.  My stew was good, though I felt the gnocchi was a doughy.  The Bakalar (codfish) and losos na zaru (salmon) dishes were good, though we had to return the risotto for the salmon dish back to cook a little longer.  My overall assessment is their seafood is their strong suit.  I did appreciate the grappa they gave us at the end. This is a good restaurant and a nice new addition to the New Rochelle area, especially since the block they are on is more commercial.  If you get a chance, walk out to the back where they have outdoor seating and a small garden below.
I do not know why it took me so long to write a review. I assume is because yelp does not offer a 7 start option. This place is a glass of the best rose in the middle of a beach full of coronas. Excellent Delicious Well done! Been here 7 times most of my friends that i sent have nothing to say but great things.
what a great new addition to the area! At my daughter's invitation, we had a wonder seafood dinner. The selection of fresh bronzini, black bass, red snapper, squid & lobster, were brought on a platter for our review. It was a beautiful display of the sea's bounty. I had the black bass, which was grilled to perfection, and the escarole potato side was a savory accompaniment. I plan to revisit, and hope to enjoy the back patio where the leaping flames of the fire pit create a lively atmosphere. PS did I say the service was great!
Who would have thought that in the middle of Main St, there would be such an amazing place like this. New Rochelle has really become the place to come  for great food. The food here was beyond what I could have imagined, so fresh and well presented. The wait staff are super friendly and attentive. I haven't had the opportunity to eat in the garden area yet, but I am working on that. I have only heard great things about the grill and outside space. Looking so forward to going back and enjoying the outside experience. If your in the area definetly try the food here, you won't be disappointed.
I came here for dinner and I was very happy that I did. I got to tried the cuttlefish risotto, chicken breast with mushrooms and shrimp and clams linguine. Everything was delicious but the chicken breast was my favorite. I know chicken breast doesn't sound like much but it was very tender and the sauce over it was to die for. As an appetizer I had crepes filled with ice cream and nutella, It was pretty good. Our waiter was very funny and attentive which only made the whole dinner experience perfect.
Excellent. Waiters were lovely and lively. Interesting menu with a lot of creativity. Grilled vegetable appetizer was scrumptious and the salad was top notch. Gnocchi with veal was a marvel -- soft gnocchi with tender and lemony veal. Epitomized savory food. Dessert was delicious: Crepes to die for. Wine list was diverse and recommendations by waiter were spot on. A really nice experience for a friend's birthday. Will me back, no doubt. Nice to see this level of restaurant in New Rochelle.
absolutely fabulous...fresh and lovely.  Owner is wonderful.  the grilled octopus was the best we ever had.  Salmon fabulous as well as the other seafood dishes...a real find...MUST GO.
Fabulous food and attentive staff. The fish was the best I had in a long time. My favorite appetizer was the calamari and potatoes.  The portions are sizable and great for sharing. The decor is lovely and they often have live music. I like that the music is not so loud that you can't enjoy a conversation. What a welcomed addition to New Rochelle. Can't wait to dine outside next time.
Date night out and looking for something new and 'poof' we come across Dubrovnik. From the outside it looks dark and intimate which is absolutely our scene but after walking in we felt it was a bit more 'upscale' for our taste so we almost walked in and walked out... but thank gosh we didn't. Dubrovnik has the best seafood in Westchester County and may even challenge the top contenders in nyc. Their fish is fresh daily and choices change by the catch of the day. Whole fish is there specialty and I wouldn't recommend you get anything else your first visit here. Great wait staff and owners. Yes it's a bit pricy but well worth every dollar. 5 stars and can't wait to go back again...
There are a few restaurants near Pelham that have a genuine, family-run feel -- Elia's Taverna and Spadaro Ristorante, to name a couple -- that serve good, hearty food that is made by people who really know its origins, but food that is not especially elaborate. I would add this restaurant to that list.   The chicken soup we had was tasty, but not exceptional.  The artichoke salad was better. Among main courses, the stand-out was a grilled branzino -- simply prepared, but excellent.  A rib-eye was expensive, but good; the mash potatoes accompanying it were only okay,.  The salmon was tasty, but uninspired.  The pork loin stuffed with prosciutto, for which I had high hopes, disappointed. -- it was dry  Dessert was okay.   The Croation red they served by the glass was tasty.  They have a full bar. The restaurant was loud, and bordered on very loud.  They have a singer, who bursts into song every 20-30 mins; he's a good singer, but I don't actually care for signing at a restaurant, and it certainly doesn't help with the noise. Wait staff was pretty good. It may be that my expectations were too high -- I hoped i was going to find an amazing gem.  This didn't rise to that level.  It was also pretty pricey -- our meal came to over $50/person BEFORE the tip. Might be worth your trying in case I was there on an off night, but I don't think we'll be rushing back. Would have given it 3.5 stars if the system had allowed.
Came here for random lunch (they open for lunch on Sundays, yelp has the time incorrectly listed as 3 pm). Decor is lovely and food is delicious. Had grilled salmon with risotto. Very tender and flavorful, cooked well. Friend's dishes were good too, Porgie, gnocchi, chicken. They bring out a platter covered in raw seafood to show you the specials. Desserts and drinks were good too, try the nutella and ice cream crepe (I've never had one where the ice cream was IN the crepe instead of on top), and the lemon ricotta crepe. This is somewhat of a fine dining restaurant so prices were a little on the higher side than what is typical of this area. Service was great, Owner came by and spoke to us and gave us a tour of the 2 private rooms and back patio, which they are renovating. In the warm weather they also have a garden in the back where they grow their own vegetables for use in the restaurant. I would definitely come again!!
