So, on a friends recommendation we decided to check out Madison kitchen. We couldn't make a reservation so we knew we would probably wait. We were told 30 minutes. It was more like 50 but we sat at the bar and had a drink and an appetizer so I didn't mind too much. A woman was singing. Really nice voice with modern songs. It was nice to not be listening to piped in music. Our appetizer was a homemade pasta it was delicious. We are seated. Our waiter was lovely and was very genuinely attentive.  I wish I had caught his name. I had the demonic I steak it was delicious and my husband had the Kobe steak special - he loved it. For dessert I really wanted to try the homemade dessert but I couldn't resist the lava cake. The lava cake came with vanilla ice cream and the vanilla ice cream was AMAZing! The lava cake was very small but it was excellent! We will be back!! Room was a little loud but we were in the corner so we were able to gear each other.
O.K. This might be one of my new favorite restaurants. Came here on Friday night with my fiancé and I'm glad we did. We were looking for something close to home and something we haven't tried before. As we entered the restaurant I saw a nice bar lounge area with stools and couches. To our right was some live music going on which was a pleasant surprise. We didn't have a reservation but we only waited about 5 minutes before a table was ready.  Once we were seated and I was able to take a good look around the dining room I took notice the mood is slightly upbeat, a mixed crowd of couples and groups between 25-60 years of age. It was a little on the loud side for the dining area but once the food came the noise factor went right out the window. Our server was very polite and professional, he came to take a drink order and tell us the specials.  We ordered the oysters with a grapefruit mignonette that had grapefruit pearls in it and a calamari salad. Both were amazing and ordered from the specials. For our entrees we had the tuna and the halibut off the menu. The halibut was delicious but the tuna was on another level. Seared to perfection and a beautiful purple on the inside. For desert we went with the homemade rainbow cookie ice cream...yeah I said rainbow cookie ice cream. It was incredible.  I'm definitely going back.
a few un-happy yelper's, with lots of others warning to make reservations way in advance. who to believe??? you guessed it.going in! a thai shrimp appetizer, an everything crusted hawaiian ahi tuna, finishing off with a  warm "sticky date, so good i could only wish there was more.........
Busy, noisy, decidedly pricey, but the food is good here. I enjoyed the jambalaya. For a cocktail I ordered a Sidecar, the waiter asked me how it was made (which shocked me--I thought the Sidecar was one of the standards), but then the bartender came to our table personally and we had a nice drinks discussion. Service is excellent, but perhaps we could have used a little less attention. They dealt with our gluten-free needs well. You can walk here from the Palmer Avenue business district of Larchmont, but it's not truly adjacent. Easy parking, however.
Great decor and ambiance - you guys have really nailed the looks.  Service was Excellent with a big E!  Really impressed by how much attention to every detail you guy pay amd how very welcome you made us feel.  Food - very good, BUT i must say every time I walk out i say to myself that the chef is very heavy handed.  A lot of heavy sauces, rich flavors, which are delicious! But unfortunately not many light options, and what you guys pitch as light option (light rice battered calamari) is not really that light.  With all the health conscious, working out, figure-watching moms in town, you really want to offer a couple more of light clean options especially for mains. One of the best dessert ice cream / sorbet selections i have seen
I live near Boston and was in New Rochelle, NY visiting family.  We decided to go to this place since we heard about it.  The food was so damn good!  I ordered the beef special and it was amazing.  I tried my sister-in-law's pan seared chicken breast and that was moist and delicious.  My other family members were very happy with their meals.  For an appetizer I ordered the chicken & waffles.  Wow, was that good!  I wanted to try more but I'll have to wait to next time.  Almost forgot the desserts. We all ordered different ones and we shared.  They were all fantastic! I was actually full after all of this.  Yes, it can be a bit loud in there, but it did not bother anyone at our table.  Not a place for a quiet dinner perhaps, but if you want a really delicious dinner, then go here.  Don't be fooled by my simple descriptions of the food.  The food is presented very well and is creatively prepared, leaving you wanting more.  We will definitely go back again!   I rarely write a restaurant review on Yelp unless it's lousy or really good.  The Madison Kitchen blew me away.  I've got to visit my family more often!
Great food and service. Chef Nick is always present and makes the best duck I've ever eaten. His oyster special was also fabulous.
Update: we have become very happy regulars here and have never been disappointed in any meal Nick has prepared. He is an absolute genius with his culinary skills. All of the food is spectacular but I wanted to comment on one item in particular: Rainbow Cookie Ice Cream. If you like those 3 color marzipan cookies, you MUST order this ice cream. Omg. My favorite - ever. Thanks to Nick, my ability to avoid dessert has been demolished.
Food is good.  A lamb "t-bone" special was excellent; the jambalaya was spicy -- but came with the appropriate warning from the waiter -- and delicious.  Appetizers were tasty, though the pork belly clams, while good, didn't quite reach the heights I'd hoped for. The place is nicely decorated. It took a while to get a reservation (well, yes and no... I called and couldn't get a reservation at a decent hour in any of the next five Saturdays; my wife called and got an 8:00 pm reservation that week.  Go figure...)  And Madison Kitchen seems very busy -- perhaps that's why we had to wait at the bar so long before a bartender acknowledged us, much less took a drink order.  And perhaps that's why the drinks couldn't be completed before our table opened up.  And perhaps it's why the waiter never once returned to our table during the dinner to pour any more wine after the first glass (not exactly a tremendous burden on me and my dining companion, I admit, but still...).   The crowd seemed a little younger than most high-end Westchester restaurants.  Which may be why it is so very loud.  Loud enough so you have to strain to hear your dinner companion.  Loud enough so it had an impact on my dining experience.  Loud enough that even though there's wood all over -- ceiling tile, wall tile -- it doesn't seem to help with the noise.  Loud enough that when I walked out the door to leave the restaurant, I let out a gasp of relief and gratitude for the Larchmont quiet after a couple of hours in Madison Kitchen. Would have given it a 3.5 if the system had allowed.
I love Madison Kitchen.  Even though you're in Westchester, if you squint, you can almost pretend you are in Manhattan.  The ambience is really nice and pristine and new, the bartender is great and actually knows how to make drinks.  The menu is ambitious and interesting, and well-executed to boot. Occasionally, they have live music at the bar which is a nice touch.  If you forget to make a reservation, dinner for two at the bar is a really nice way to spend the evening.
My third birthday dinner outing so where to go but Madison Kitchen. Only open 11 weeks, 28-year old Chef Nick Di Bona, recent winner of Chopped on Food Network,  ambitiously renovated the space into a modern, sleek dining scene off the I-95. I must start by saying the servers and staff are impeccable! You can seriously place them in a top NYC restaurant because they are of THAT caliber. Bravo to the entire team! The menu slightly varied from the dinner menu online, as the chef is still trying new dishes nightly. We were able to sit-down with him until the appetizers came out and he kindly excused himself. My friend started with a Red Beet Mixed Green SALAD with Passion Fruit Vinaigrette. They substituted the Goat Cheese with her cheese of choice. Perfectly dressed, perfect portion. Meanwhile, the Homemade RAVIOLI DI UOVA makes for an intriguing interpretation! It is a ravioli that oozes egg yolk once cut open. Instantaneously, I became a cave woman and forgot about the pasta, the cheeses and the truffles. It was just me and that yolk, mopping the plate clean with one, two, or maybe 3 hot crusty rolls? Yeah, I used my hands in classy Larchmont. So? The PORK BELLY STUFFED CLAMS are also a winner. Meaty, as opposed to fishy, with abundant bread crumb and a spritz of lemon, these are not your typical stuffed clams. 'Nuf said, indeed. My friend's MAINE LOBSTER RISOTTO was an excellent choice, as the same can be said for my 8 oz FILET MIGNON. Served with Honey Roasted Brussels Spouts, Mashed Potatoes, and a Chanterelle Mushroom & Green Peppercorn Jus, it was comfortably paired with my 2011 Heron Pinot Noir. What marveled us most about the food was how it was served piping hot. Nothing lukewarm, nothing that's been sitting under a lamp, just dish after dish of warm deliciousness. Dessert provided a great balance of hot and cold. The warm "Sticky Date" and MK's Waffle with Cookie Batter countered the cold homemade ice cream scoops of Pistachio, Butterscotch, and Banana Walnut. Complimentary sparkling wine completed the experience. For a Wednesday night, the dining room crowded quickly. We luckily arrived early with no reservation. Compliments to the chef and his staff for making my birthday extra memorable.
This place has been beautifully redone and the service and ambiance are both excellent.  With all the hype (see the 5 star reviews here) I was expecting to be floored.  The food was just okay.   The main courses are interesting, but unusually complicated.  Dare I say, trying a bit too hard.  I ordered the Lobster Risotto which was tasty, but I left much on my plate.  My friends felt the same about their meals (wild boar pasta and the chicken dish). I honestly felt that I could have done just as good a job in my kitchen (which isn't saying much).   Love to see a young entrepreneur off to a good start, and yes, it's nice to have a new place in the area, but this is not 5 star cooking. When I came home and reread the reviews here, I realized they looked a bit like the marketing team had posted....see Robert C. "will treat your palate to a culinary vacation"...or Angie C. "Make reservations early....I myself have been there several nights a week" or Mark F. " Make reservations well in advance as it's booked solid weeks in advance now." ....and finally Lisa G. "He combines ingredients in such a way, your taste buds will jump around with such excitement, you will want to try everything. Please indulge yourself from appetizer to dessert." Really?  Argh!!!.....:-(
Madison Kitchen is all that most customers say and then some. The waiters are very friendly and social. One imparticular, James was attentive and showed complete professionalism. I even received little tastes of certain wines from him and Michael, another server. Michael was very polite as well and made me feel very welcome, which I appreciated. The wine was great and a salad I tried with white lettuce, blue cheese and walnuts was very good. I just can't remember the name of it, but it can be easily found on the menu.
Madison Kitchen opened up just a few short months ago, and my husband and I have already been there 4 times! It's getting harder to get a reservation because the place is small and I think word is getting out on how yummy the food is. Make sure to call in advance if you are looking for a specific date/time. We've been trying to eat our way through all the very creative menu items. Some of the standouts (menu items have changed since our first visit, seems like Nick is trying to keep the menu very seasonal and/or try out different items to see what works): pork belly stuffed clams, tuna tartare/guacamole, venison ravioli, the duck entree (to die for), the steak (mentioned in a few other reviews), and the grouper with beets/quinoa. Make sure you leave room for dessert! My one complaint is that the desserts are so small... They are so delish I want more! Our favorite was the waffle sundae with cookie dough on top. Also, all the ice cream is made in house... Try the banana/walnut (like eating a piece of banana bread right out of the oven), espresso or pistachio flavors. Can't wait to try the happy hour and new lunch items. Very happy to have a great new restaurant in town!
Executive chef and owner Nick Dibona, formerly of Peter Pratts Inn will treat your palate to a culinary vacation, set in a classy and comfortable spot next to the Larchmont  train station. Enter into the bar area which provides seating in either a  custom booth, a high top, or eight stools on the one-of-a-kind solid pewter bar top. Edison bulbs light bar area. Walls and ceilings are covered with slate edge tile and stained hardwood. The well thought out decorations allow guests to feel instantly transported to a warm and inviting culinary spa. The backdrop is the fireplace which dazzles in brilliance, and provides a view into the dining room, opening up the space and setting the stage for some terrific food! In the dining room sit around custom tables in booth and chairs selected for style and their ability to cradle guests. The room is  illuminated by Restoration Hardware lighting. That custom eye-level fireplace bridges the transition between bar and dining room, providing a beautiful and cozy backdrop for Chef Nick's cuisine. Even the glasses and the silverware seem to blend into the atmosphere. Our appetizers: 1) tuna tartare with fresh ginger and small, triangular  crispy corn nachos was refreshing and delicious, bridging Asian and American textures and flavors. Simple and wonderful, and 2) house made ravioli with burrata, ricotta and paremesan filling, topped with a rich wild venison ragout, which melted in your mouth and delivered a lingering finish like a fine wine Entrees: 1) a dry-aged Delmonico steak with honey roasted brussel sprouts and mash potato drizzled with a chanterelle jus. Steak was done perfectly medium rare, and was mouthwatering with the sweet sprouts and earthy mushroom jus. This hearty and savory dish paired perfectly with a Napa zinfandel, and 2) wild red snapper was served over a beet and quinoa salad, drizzled with a warm tangerine vinaigrette. The fish was light and almost creamy, contrasted by the earthiness of the beets, providing a surprising harmony. Paired with a lightly oaked Chardonnay, this dish was singing! Dessert was Chef Dibona magic, a waffle sundae with cookie batter and house made vanilla ice cream. This combined amazing textures of smooth and crunchy. With a glass of port this was the perfect end to our culinary delight! Results exceeded our admittedly high expectations, and service, from the bartenders to the wait staff was simply outstanding. BRAVO !!!
I hesitate to write a negative review because I know how much time, heart and money goes into opening a restaurant like this.  So I will try to be constructive. The room is attractive but there is no sound dampening so with even a few tables occupied, its hard to have a conversation. We had to ask the waitress several times to repeat the specials.  While I understand you want the waitress to romance the specials, we finally gave up and just ordered off the menu.  So please print the specials. When we first sat down, we saw that our waiter had spilled water on the table behind us.  When he came to our our table he knocked over glasses and broke them and then spilled water. We moved to another table rather than have him serve us.  The owner came over and simply said he was sorry. It would have been nice to offer us a free glass of wine for our distress.  Instead, he stood near the door chatting with the bartender instead of paying attention to his customers.  Also, his attire in jeans and a plaid shirt not tucked in made us feel like we were in a pub rather than a restaurant with not cheap prices. The meal itself was just OK. In a place like this you would expect artisan bread rather than industrial quality rolls. The beet salad was meager and tasteless.  I had the Jambalaya which was nicely spiced but had three smallish shrimp and the rest of meats were diced too such a degree you couldn't detect them in the dirty rice. My wife had the duck which was generous but uninspired. Here again one would expect the owner to come to the table and inquire about our meal.  But he seemed to show no interest in his customers. Despite this critical review the place has potential but this owner needs help...if he willing to ask for it.
Went to dinner last night with another couple. Be prepared the place is very loud.  It has a cool interior and the food was good, not over the top.  Tuna was great, the steak was good and the jambalaya was great. Smallest crème brulee ever- it was great, but small.  Disappointed.....
As a prerequisite to my posts I like to inform the readers that my father has been a General Manager in NYC's restaurant industry for 30+ years. This by no means makes me a food critic, however I have been to more than a few excellent restaurants. That being said, Madison Kitchen ranks among the top. The ambiance is flawless, classy and yet inviting with live music as a nice touch. The staff is attentive, professional and helpful. And to the most important part of the review, THE FOOD. The food is of the finest ingredients and looks as though it has been prepared by one of those chefs on one of those cooking shows like Chopped...oh wait, that's because it has been. Executive Chef Nick Di Bona (winner on Chopped) puts forth food of the highest quality with a presentation to match. You HAVE to try the ice cream. It is the hidden gem of this restaurant. As previously mentioned, the atmosphere 10, service 10, food 10...you would think that they would let off somewhere, maybe on the desert. NOPE. The freshest, in house made ice cream with unusual flavors such as rainbow cookie, pistachio and butterscotch. It is the best ice cream you will ever try. Ever. Try it.
This place was fantastic!  I live right up the street, and I can't believe I haven't been yet.  The bar has a super cool vibe and is distinct from the dining area.  A huge plus, since you aren't completely on top of people eating dinner if you want to grab a drink.  The decor was woodsy and trendy at the same time.  The food was great -- and a really really interesting/unique menu.  The waiter was gracious and extremely professional without being stuff.  AND -- before we got our check, the waiter brought a plate with two double stuff oreos.  What a fun idea!  LOVE!!
Make reservations way in advance. This small restaurant has really taken off. It has a nice modern bar  and cozy feeling in restaurant.  Little noisy but we were lucky enough to get the back booth, so were able to converse.   We had six in our dinner party and all enjoyed our meals. Two particularly liked their stuffed shrimp appetizer.  Main courses and desserts are small but tasty.. Husband enjoyed the grouper and I had the delmonico steak. Came with just potatoes..no vege's. Chicken dish also came with polenta and stuffing. They don't seem to be into "greens!".   Desserts were interesting but only 2-3 bites. The service was excellent. Your water glass is always filled, and the waitress comes by with a smile to see how your meal is going.  All in all, one of the better in the area!
Hip, trendy place with delicious cocktails and innovative dishes. The service was impeccable!
Long. Time no yelping. Very nice decor, Food is good but not that great, Service is ok. $$$$ And I read all the  reviews must be the friends of the family, Still  we wil try one more time,
Our last visit was in November, We don't live to close and with the winter we had it has been tough getting back. Last night we returned for our anniversary. Well last time we were there we were blow away. This time is was even better across the board. My wife, myself and our son had an excellent meal from start to finish. The signature pork belly stiffed clams, foie gras pot stickers both excellent. MK pasta, everything crusted tuna , (flown in daily from Hawaii), and get this 2, U4 shrimp served over risotto. The server explained to me it meant there are 4 shrimp to the pound. I had never seen shrimp this big before. They were tender and I felt like I was eating lobster. Outstanding, Bravo. Where does this young very talented Chef come up with these ideas and dishes. Dessert, his house made ice cream is to die for. Last night he was offering a raspberry bread pudding. I an a huge fan of bread pudding. This again was not your standard bread pudding it was more like a composed dessert and delicious. We also had the chocolate lava cake and the sticky date cake. Sticky date cake is an Australian dessert. Here again Chef DiBona reinvents a standard.They really have it together. Live music, a single guitarist softly playing classics in the background. Nice touch. We will be back hopefully again and again. We wish you continued success.
Top notch food and wine list. It's a bit small and "cozy" but it's the real deal. Chef Nick is a culinary genius and obviously loves what he does. Highly recommended!! Make reservations well in advance as it's booked solid weeks in advance now.
Stopped by (coincidentally) on opening night.  My husband and I sat at the bar and shared the tuna tar tar appetizer and the steak.  The tuna was really good...but the steak was definitely the star.  My husband is a huge steak orderer/eater, while I'm usually one to order something lighter and sneak a bite.  But this time, we were definitely fighting for pieces.  Seriously one of the best steaks my husband has had in a long time (and there have been MANY).  As far as the staff...I agree with another poster.  They were a little awkward, even standing right in front of us at the bar as we ate rather than keeping busy.  But I chalked it up to opening night jitters. So excited to have something modern and delicious in town.  Definitely go...this one is worth keeping around!
Great new restaurant.  Chef Nick DiBona has created a fantastic menu that was executed well. The lamb oso bucco was a hit
Nice looking place, good service but unfortunately was not impressed with the food. Was hoping to have Delmonico steak but turns out it is not available for lunch. Instead we were offered NY strip. I ordered mine medium rare and it was awful.  On the other hand tuna taco appetizer was delicious. Needless to say that At the end of the $120 lunch for two I was disappointed.
Great Atmosphere, very young foodie crowd. The menu is very creative and explores some classic dishes in a new light. I think one needs to be open to the spin on the dishes - it unfortunately may not be approachable to certain people. I know my Dad, whose a picky eater, would not be a fan, but hey....I loved it. We started with the Chicken & Waffles- which I could keep eating. The buffalo sauce was delicious, I would put that sh*t on everything. We also had the clams, which I did not enjoy as much as the chicken- being Italian and baked clams being a staple of our family meals- I think I have my tastes tailored to how I want my baked clams to taste. I would suggest more of a crunch- I wanted chunks of pork belly tossed with fresh hearty bread crumbs- then broiled with a nice crunch on top....but I didn't get that contrast, but they were still tasty. For entrees we had the jambalaya, which was pretty damn authentic and exactly what I wanted. We also had the duck entree which at the time was served with blueberries and it was such an amazing pairing. The duck was the dish to order. The menu changes often, so I don't remember what we had for dessert, but it was a highlight. The homemade ice-cream was smooth and had a great flavor, I wanna say we had some kind of apple crumb dish as well as some kind of doughnut- whatever it was, I remember thinking that it was my favorite course. It was a happy surprise to have such an amazing end to a great meal.
Portions are a bit small but if you are looking for a fun trendy place with innovative cocktails, fusion dishes, a chic atmosphere and amazing service - this is your place to go! That staff is at your beck and call it's truly a 5 star place
I am a huge fan of Chopped, so when I saw the winner opened up at a local restaurant, I couldn't wait to go. A few girlfriends and I weren't able to sit in the dining room (full house!) but the woman we spoke to on the phone was extremely nice and accommodating and suggested the two tables up front in the bar area.  We took her suggestion and the two tables at the banquet were wonderful.  There was live music and it was just a great atmosphere (especially with that beautiful fire).  We ordered a bunch of apps. The ravioli d'uova was so memorable. With that egg yolk and truffle combination, we couldn't help but dip that delicious bread in the sauce.  The pork belly clams were also a favorite. The salty, smoky pork belly really comes through, and the added squeeze of lemon at the end makes it exquisite.  Another hit was the tartar. Our waiter explained that the chef gets the tuna flown in from Hawaii every few days, and you can absolutely taste the freshness and high quality in the dish.  I've had plenty of tuna tartar in my day, but MK's is definitely at the top. Lastly, we ordered a bunch of desserts (I'm a huge dessert person). The sticky date cake was fantastic!! It tastes like caramel and that bourbon sauce they pour on top is amazing. I was so happy I got to try the famous house made ice cream since that was one of the things that Nick shined in the dessert round on Chopped.  The coffee ice cream is hands down best coffee ice cream I've had. Overall, I cannot wait to go back in the future. The atmosphere is amazing, like you're sitting in a chic NYC restaurant. The service is impeccable, very attentive and informative. I'm telling everyone I know about this new gem in Larchmont. Congrats Nick!
My wife and i love this place our server new the menu inside out the specials presentation was spot on  ( i think his name was johnny or jimmy ) what a pro ! its great to be made to feel like your the only guest in the room   The food  oh wow try the fois gras   pork belly clams.  big eye tuna   Housemade ice creams. Esp the butterscotch.  Heads up small room  good vibe. Gets crowded you should reserve a table and try to get there early before the rest of larchmont
There is a reason why the tables are always booked.  The atmosphere and food are outstanding.  Each dish is well thought out and superbly executed. If you like grouper, be sure to order it here. It will become you're new favorite place if you chose to dine at Madison Kitchen.
Just saw chef Nick DiBona on the TV show CHOPPED  and had to try the restaurant. Great space and I love the fireplace. We ordered the foie gras which was creamy and decadent. For dinner we went with the Delmonico steak ( as recommended by the other reviewers) and the evil jambalaya.  The steak lived up to its reputation and was cooked perfectly.  The jambalaya was as good as we've eaten in New Orleans (and I don't have to travel as far).  I did try the ice cream which was shown on the show and it was creamy and delicious like the judges said. A great meal and cozy space.
Only 3 weeks in business but my friend lives in the neighborhood and wanted to give it a try. We did not have reservations but the hostess was lovely and tried to find us a suitable table. The room was 3/4 full and very loud. On the positive side the food was absolutely delicious. We had a special and one from the menu. Mouth watering sauces accompanied both. I found out it's the chef's first restaurant. So may I make a few suggestions? After we ordered - our waiter was well informed and a delight to chat with -  the food took a while to arrive so we really had time to access the layout and decor. First, it was hard to hear what my partner and waiter were saying, the acoustics are terrible as there is nothing to absorb the sound. The tables along the right wall are where the staff continuously walk back and forth creating a disrupting breeze, or the bartender carries cartons over his head with dirty or clean glasses to the kitchen. (do I really need to see or be under that?) The lighting could be better configured so that each table has it's own intimate light source rather than the disjointed ceiling arrangement. Please lose the tree paintings - a bit tacky. The tables could use some tablecloths. (if cost is the problem then cover the cloth with glass.) Ambiance is all part of the experience. And now, for the money and to fully enjoy the delicious food, it needs to be better. It would also be a plus for the Chef to visit all of the tables making the diners feel more like family.  Little things, I know, but they add up to a more enjoyable experience.
