My all-time favorite restaurant! The food is nothing short of amazing. Everything is made to order (read, it's worth the wait). The service is great - they treat customers like family, are very knowledgeable about the menu and incredibly accommodating. Penne alla grappa is out of this world. A simple dish but there is no one who does it better. Period. I always tell friends to order at least one thing from the "specials" menu - you will not regret it!!   Reservations a must.
I have been here at least  7 or 8 times and have never had a bad meal. The dishes are creative and the service is attentive. My favorite is the fried calamari with avocado and bananas, sounds strange but is absolutely delicious. I think Giorgio is the only person on the planet that cooks better than my mom.
The greatest Italian trattoria in Westchester county. Period. The food is as close to being in Italia as it's ever going to get. Calabrese style to be specific, which works out swimmingly because I am Calabrese. The food is tremendous, and the service is always stellar. One of the best items on the menu is definitely the Chicken Scarp. Not to mention, the eggplant puree they give you with the bread is melt-in-your-mouth delicious. This place is amazing, and should be visited more often then it does.
Looks can be very deceiving, and this Italian gem hidden in an unassuming strip says it all.   This place screams authentic.  Once you enter, you are transported to an oasis of great Italian cuisine.  this would seem more like a top Arthur Avenue spot. the stuffed meatball is rich but tender. The Veal Martini is one of the best veal dishes i have had.  crusted in Parmesan cheese and covered in a rich white wine sauce, it explodes with flavor. the osso bucco was tender, with a delicious sauce and perfectly al dente risotto. the service is warm and they will Make you anything, menu be damned.
Everything is great but only one thing is a greeting when we walk pass the door. Service is prefect. The food is good taste.
The food here is quite good. The service, not so much. I've been here many times, and there is a long wait for food. Last night, despite our reservation, we got kicked off the table after 2 hours. The guy said he needed the table. Atter spending over $200, we were not happy. Since getting written up in the Times, the place has gotten sort of snooty. Used to be a great neighborhood place.
Went there with some friends last night. The service was horrible. We waited over one hour for our entrees. The veal was just ok and one of my friends had to send back the steak. Ok I know ordering a steak at an Italian restaurant may be risky but then again for $30! One would expect something decent. Management could have been nicer and the waiter just kept saying " food will be out soon" to top it off we decided to get zepoles for dessert and when they came they were like tiny snow balls or should I say ice balls. They were hard and doughy. Yes we should have sent them back but were so fed up we didn't .
I called on a Saturday night, craving their beet salad which I've had plenty of times before. The man that pick up the phone had the nerve to say that they were way too busy to take my order. Seriously? All I wanted was a simple salad.  Well that'll be the last time I order from Da Giorgio.. So offended.
I make it a point to dine at  Da Giorgio as often as I can.  I was there Tues. night.  One of my favorite dishes is the Shrimp Francese...the size of the shrimp are GIANT...yet so tender and so flavorful!  I must say I have NEVER been disappointed with any meal I've ordered. Quality ingredients, great wait staff and of course Chef Giorgio and his kitchen magicians never disappoint.
Another neighborhood gem. Creative, innovative specials. Fresh seafood, unbelievable experience. Highly recommended for all. Stuffed Meatball- Unbelievable, moist. Veal Stuffed Grape Leaf- Acidic, Tender. Branzino- Fresh, Well Balanced. Service, Remarkable!
One of thee best Italian restaurants around! Food is always on point, great wine menu, and owner/staff are the greatest! Make a reservation as they are always busy! (since they're so good!)
I can't really review this place because they wouldnt serve us. I'm visiting from CA and my friend was raving about this place so we decided on ordering take out. We called at 7:15pm on a Sunday night and they informed us that they cannot do any take out orders because they are "just too busy."  Well that's just a shame. I hope you enjoy your ny times review because you just lost my business.
This place was a hidden gem until the NY Times spilled the beans!  Congrats to Giorgio and his staff for their dedication to truly exquisite Italian food and fine service.  My favorites so far are the calamari, meatball and fig appetizers.  Buon Appetito.
Da Giorgio is tucked away in a nondescript strip mall.  You forget this once you walk inside.  The restaurant is long and narrow, so it's easy to imagine that it is in a brownstone.  The decor is cozy, with a faux pressed tin ceiling.   We were served excellent bread and small dish of caponata after being seated.  The wine list is inexpensive to moderate.  Our waiter recommended a very nice bottle of Sicilian white wine for $30.  The restaurant serves beer and wine only.  The food was uniformly excellent.  The meatball appetizer was very good. The mussels fra diavlo were awesome- the broth demanded a spoon.  The salad was very good.  The main courses were all great.  I had a special of chicken scallopine with prosciutto, mozzarella and artichokes that was terrific.  The stuffed veal breast special was excellent, as was the branzino. The side dishes were very good.  We had a great plate of biscotti and cappuccino for desert.  The prices are significantly less than those of restaurants of similar quality. The only thing that kept this restaurant from being 5 stars was the service.  It wasn't a busy night, but it took 2 1/2 hours to get through dinner.  I appreciate not being rushed in a restaurant, but 2 hours is plenty of time for a drink, conversation and 3 courses.   I am looking forward to going back to Da Gorgio to work my way through the rest of the menu.
Ive been going to da Giorgio since they've opened! Love everything! Have tried it all!! Great service!! Chef Giorgio is very accommodating to all your needs, if you want to omit or add an ingredient, no problem!! This place is one of my favorite eating spots. Try it! You too will love it! My favorite is any of the pasta dishes and the cosentina salad! Yum!!!
Small restaurant in a strip mall but inside it is nice decorated and has a nice ambiance.  The food is wonderful.  One of Giorgio's trademark dish is the shrimp Franchese with broccoli rabe.  The mussels in garlic and wine were great as well.  I probably could eat there four times week and not get tired the food is that good.  The entire staff was attentive and polite.  This place is a gem!
Small but nice place with good service. We stopped by here for the first time and had nice meal of lamb sausage with pasta, sea bass and wine.  We will try this place again.
Went for lunch. Was good lunch menu. Had the linguine and clams for $14. for lunch it was prefect. not too munch to add, pretty nice place and probably great for dinner. too fancy for a casual lunch, maybe more of a business lunch place as it isn't a quick place to eat.
Great bread served hot with delicious eggplant spread. Have been here twice and both times the food was very good. Quality ingredients prepared with skill and attention that is not so common in New Rochelle. That said, I was not crazy about the caesar salad and the calamari. Also don't like that when they tell you the specials and the wine, they don't tell you how much they cost.  Notwithstanding, great place!
Da Giorgio is an oasis in this suburban strip mall. They start you off with deliciously hot rolls and caponata. For lunch, get the Cosentina salad, which is served with sweet aged balsamic vinegar dressing, morsels of fried eggplant, sopressata, olives, and fresh romaine hearts...I haven't enjoyed a salad this much in recent memory. I split it with a friend along with the mushroom truffle pizza, which was good even though the crust was slightly lacking -- a bit dense and hard for my taste. Definitely one of the better dining options, if not the best, in the Wykagyl neighborhood -- don't pass it up.
From the outside, it is very misleading. This restaurant is phenomenal. The food and service are excellent. I would recommend here for anyone looking for amazing italian food.
Wanted a place to go after picking daughter from Lga. Unfortunately my daughter wasn't feeling well from travel being over tired etc so  we took our order to go. I couldn't resist to try my Tagliolini portofino when I got home and it was great. Prior deciding to leave.  Waiter knew we were hungry and brought second helping of hot tools along with a eggplant antipasto. I was pleased with service and food. If you are going home to Westchester or CT and want a very good place off the Hutch this is it.
Was recommended from a friend to try this place out, so we ventured off one early Saturday, without reservations, and yes we were turned away.  Anyway, we got reservations and came back another day. Food was delish. My husband and I always look for the best calamari place, well we decided to try the special which was fried calamari with peppers (spicy). OMG....that alone will bring me back even if my dinner sucked, but it did not. We all loved our meals. Clams oreganata, mozzarella and tomato, ceasar salad.. yummy. I tried something different, a chicken special with mozzarella, sausage, a little pesto. Desserts were yummy too. Our waiter was on the ball. Well anyway, we will definitely be coming back to this place. It's a small place, no bar to sit and sip while you wait. The restaurant lacks something, its a long narrow room, I dunno. But the food is great so give it a shot.
Excellent find!
The Food was excellent and if this was a review based on the food I would give it five star rating. However, after spending a ton of money on a family  Easter dinner we were rushed out of the restaurant because the staff needed to set up for the next service. While we  were   enjoying our dessert my brother in law decided to ask for the check and pay the bill.  Well that was it!! The maitre d' asked if we could leave because he had other people waiting for the table. In the middle of sipping coffee we were rushed out!   I was so angry that I decided to call the restaurant when I arrived home.    To my surprise, the maitre'd began to defend his decision regarding asking us to leave. He had the nerve to say  what was the problem since my brother in law asked for the check  he wanted to leave anyway! He also said  he suggested that we could  move to another table but he needed our table!! As if that was a good idea!!  He continued   to defend his decision and asked why I didn't say anything right then and there!  Can you believe this!  It was then I knew that speaking to him was a waste of time and  a lost cause. This  behavior must go on all the time. Yes, the food is good, but you can find many other restaurants with good food that  also have CLASS.
This was our 3rd visit to the restaurant. We always get a great welcome and wonderful service from the hostess, the waiters and the busboys. Everything we have tried there has been great! We love the stuffed figs appetizer and the hot rolls. This is the only place we have been able to find really good quality veal. The specials are always surprising with the different touches the chef gives them. We have loved all the entrees we tried so far. The prices are a bit higher than we would like, but, at least one is getting quality food. We will definitely be back again.
5 for 5- been here 5 times have had 5 delicious dinners. there is a salad with eggplant, mozzarella, chopped lettuce, tomatoes in a balsamic glaze- excellent. so is the chicken scarpariello- in a garlic sauce- white met off the bone with potatoes in the same sauce- very good. soft shell crabs in a spicy sauce-very good. has a special pasta- short rib ragu- amazing. wine list is a little pricy but we found a nice toscano rosso for $38. looking forward to going back soon.
It does not get better. The food is impeccable. The service excellent. The prices are positioned just where they should be. Value and Quality is a 10+. I travel throughout Europe, Australia, of course NY, LA and Chicago and I consider  Da Giorgio one of the best places for a great meal.
First time and already can't wait to go back.  The menu is extensive and offers many options, in addition to probably 10 specials that our server rattled off, you may have a hard time choosing as everything looks and sounds delicious.  Our table of 4 ordered a mix of menu items and specials and each of us enjoyed our entire meal, from apps to dessert.  Would absolutely recommend reservations, we had tried to get in on a Tuesday night without calling before and it was full... you could only imagine how busy a weekend night is.  Great neighborhood find, looking forward to many more great meals!!
simply fantastic - found this place over a year ago when trying to find a place to eat lunch at 3:00pm, giorgio invited us in and boy did he cook us a feast. every since then everyone that i have taken there has felt like they were family and rave about the food. the man has a talent that goes beyond cooking and lets not forget frankie and the rest of the staff that make you feel at home.
I can't say enough about how great the food is in this restaurant. I have eaten here well over 15 times over the past year and find the quality consistently high across the menu. For the quality the prices are low. The staff is wonderful and certainly friendly. We have tried most of the appetizers and entres on the regular menu as well as a good share of the specials. I have developed a good deal of trust that when I try a new special that sounds good - it will be good. The chef really knows his fish and seafood. It is shocking that neither my wife nor I have a had a bad or even indifferent meal after all these visits. We are almost always given a generous enough portion that we have leftovers to take it home and taste again for lunch. This is often a very enjoyable  lunch. Too good to be true?
This place was amazing! Fabulous food from start to finish. Caesar salad to die for and I'm not even a huge Caesar salad person. Mussels the best I ever had. The little bread knots are warm and soft and slight hint of sea salt. Great alone or with the incredible eggplant spread they serve  with it. My chicken parmigiana was the best I've ever had and I've tried it everywhere.  Thin slices of chicken and a slightly creamy tomato sauce. Cheese melted on top was yummy! Came with side of penne with same sauce. I was ready to lick my plate! Cannoli for dessert was good too, not best I've ever had but up there. Had other desserts I'm looking forward to trying. This place is a hidden gem in a strip mall but lovely and small and loud inside. The service was not great. Average at best. Other waiters looked much more interested in helping us than our waiter. I asked them to sing to my fiancé for his birthday and behind my fiance's back he brought out the cannoli with candle and mouthed that he wouldn't sing. Major bummer just on principle of it. Will definitely be back though!
