When I was looking on the outside, exterior was not matching an elegant decor inside. Well, when I came in, I was completely surprised, food was delicious, dessert the best 'out of this world' and salad fresh. The staff was friendly and attentive service.  Also they have live music on thur. , friday and saturday. I did not have time to stay for live music, but will come back in the future.
This review is for the bar only! I came by after dinner at a nearby ramen shop after working down the block from this restaurant for several years and never seeing it open. Well, I was sorely misguided because this place is jumping at night! With a live band and strong drinks, you're in for a great time. I love the mix of old school music and Caribbean-style sounds. It works well with the classy, mature crowd that hangs out here. Just a warning, I'm not joking about the drinks. They're fruity and powerful!
A Place 2 Go was recommended to my husband & I.  We decided to give it a try on Tuesday night.  The ambiance was very nice.  The waiter Chris was pleasant.  The woman's bathroom was way to small for two stalls.  Three people would never be able to fit.  The entree comes with one side.  My husband order a non alcoholic fruit drink.  It was actually very good cost was $4. The spring rolls were good.   He also ordered the oxtails n peas n rice with a side order of cole slaw which he said was tasty.  I ordered the fried chicken which was freshly fried although the breast was small.  I ordered the shoe string sweet potatoes which came out 10minutes after the meal.  The sweet potatoes was scorched I sent them back to the kitchen and was told shoe strings tend to become chard.  I declined another order and ordered the mash potatoes.  The mash potatoes was watered down but the oxtail gravy that accompanied was nasty.  I also ordered a side of mac n cheese so not worth the $8 they charge.   i did notice that chef/kitchen help 2 of them came out w/ blue gloves.  One chef/kitchen help used his cell phone w/ the gloves on and then went back into the kitchen.  Then the other gentlemen came out to sit w/ his friends while they dined and he took off his gloves at the table.  Both these gentleman's actions were unprofessional for a restaurant. Overall, we paid $64 not including tip. Next time I will not order the mac n cheese saving $8.  Will give A Place 2 Go another shot!!!
Nice ambience!!! Great drinks..,, food was good.., service was pleasant! Entertainment was excellent! Overall nice concept.. Would return Ina Thursday again with girlfriends!!
I heard the food here was good. Last night my sister n I attempted to try to it. Unfortunately we didn't get the opportunity to dine because despite the illuminated OPEN sign on the door when we went inside the bar was full. No hostess in sight. I asked the bartender how does it work if we would like to eat n she said the kitchen is closed because they have a private event tonight... Exactly was you should expect from west Indian new to the business world... miscommunication smh
Nice Caribbean Restaurant with a good variety of things to eat. i came with a huge group so we sat in the center table. We did not have to wait, I think we had a reservation. We all ordered drinks, which were really good. We tried all of the tropical drinks! I will say I saw the cooks come out a few times, to see what was going on. Some still had gloves on. I'm not sure what that was about kind of nasty. I guess they aren't aware that people notice that stuff. They have a nice ambiance, and even a dance floor on the other side. No of us danced, i will say because music was too old school. Its a Saturday Night! Overall my food was good. Definitely would go again, with a date and/or with some friends.
Came here with a coworker, as we wanted a meal with great flavors and a cool vibe. Great experience in food and service. Try the curried shrimp with rice and beans. Order the Mac and cheese to share....it's so good! The rum punch (can't remember the real name) is really good. It's hand stirred and "sneaks up on you". Would definitely come back again!
I came here with four other friends on a friday night.  It's very conveniently located and also has a decent amount of free parking in the back.  As soon as we walked in, we were blasted with loud Hip Hop music... unbearably loud actually.  We figured we were being unreasonable so we proceded to have a few cocktails.  The pours were pretty generous and turn around was quick.  There were a decent amount of people on the dance floor all dressed nicely.  You will find your occasional clown wearing a suit that is 4 sizes too big for him, but I think this is relatively normal for this diverse neighborhood.  Unfortunately, we did not get the opportunity to try the food here, which I've heard is awesome.  We will be back to party though :).
We went here on a Friday night and enjoyed a great dining experience. Our waiter Chris was a pleasure. Standout appetiser was the coconut shrimp. it is deep fried but was absolutely scrumptious! We also had the jerk chicken spring roll and crab cakes to start- both enjoyable. For mains, the table had the snapper eskovitch, the Dutch pot fried chicken, the oxtail & the spicy shrimps. They all come with sides, so we got to try the mac & cheese (which was delicious), mashed potatoes and rice & beans. Everyone seemed to enjoy their mains. The only downside, although we're partly to blame for the dishes we ordered, is that a lot of the menu is deep fried. The chef came out to check on how we were enjoying our meal which was a nice touch. Some live reggae/jazz music started at 9:30pm too- which was nice, but a bit loud if I'm honest. Overall an enjoyable experience and I'd recommend it if you're in the area
Back for round two, we saw the big smokers at the New Rochelle farmers market, I spoke to the chef and everything smelled so good. My daughter and I stopped in for dinner Sunday and were not disappointed. I had the Jerk Pork which was nice with spice. My daughter had the curry shrimp it was delicious. Ask for Chris very friendly and accommodating. This will be the new spot for us.
At first the name seemed strange to me, I don't like being told what to do but in this case there was not question mark at the end of the name. (-: I had the osso-bucco. It was amazing, I have to add that the drinks are very very and very good. I will definitely go back!  Friendly waiter and lovely accents!
The food was delicious. Me and my girlfriends enjoyed ourselves. We loved the atmosphere. I would definitely eat here again.
Loved it!! Great food, amazing drinks, friendly staff and if you go, ask for Chris as your waiter. The mango mojito and the "call a friend" were off the chain!!
We had brunch at A Place 2 Go this past weekend, and it was GREAT!  The service was exceptional and the food was delicious.  Plus, we were pleasantly surprised what a short trip it was from our home in The City. We had the macaroni and cheese, oxtails, jerk chicken, rice, fried chicken, plaintains, cornbread, shrimp linguine, and carrot cake - they all exceeded our expectations!  And I must say - the cole slaw that came with the fried chicken was literally the best I've ever had in my entire life.   I pretty much never leave Manhattan to eat, but we will definitely be returning to A Place 2 Go...no doubt about it.  This restaurant is a hidden gem!
I invited some of my friends and we had a great time, the food was excellent and the drinks were like no other. Osobucco was my main course and it was EXCELLENT! This place is a place to go. Good Food Good Drinks ******* Downtown New Rochelle has become a food destination.
Street parking and a small parking area in the back of the restaurant. Do not park in the bank next door!! When i walked in i was greeted by a friendly hostess that offered to hang up my coat. Then she gave the option of dining or bar seating. We had appetizer: caesar salad and jerk chicken spring rolls; entree: AP2G jerk chicken and Rasta pasta; drinks: rum punch, Blue mountain and margarita. Nice gesture for Chris the chief/owner to come out to meet the patrons. The live music was an added bonus. All was good but not without the great service provided by STACY (the bartender)!!!! Stacy rocks!
Overall, the food and drinks were amazing! Had the oxtails with Baked Mac & Cheese...oxtails fell off the bone and the Mac & cheese was cheesy like I like it! I had a Call A Friend which was like baileys with wray and nephew ahhhh man Great! And A CoCo Pine that I think had Ciroc and PineApple Creme Sooo good with coconut shreds on top! They also had a live band which was cool and it look like the bar was popping when were leaving! 2 things that stop me from giving this place 5 stars: 1. When we got there, they didn't have our reservation down For 5 even tho my girl called a day in advance to make the reservation Now imagine if it were busy we would've been waiting all night! 2. Felt like we were being rushed out...Some Lady (could've been the owner) kept eyeing our table for some reason...listen it was ladies night we were having a ball laughing but we could just feel like they wanted us to leave already! I mean we were laughing and enjoying the remainder of our drinks! Only thing I would suggest is let the customers enjoy the place!They are paying you for goods & service Never want someone to feel like "Okay We Got Your Money, Now Leave"
Came in on the train from the city to visit my family and was excited to find that this restaurant had finally opened its doors right across from the train station. What a change from the last restaurant at this location! AP2G is modern and sleek and oh so new and shiny. Service was excellent. The chef even comes out of the kitchen to serve the diners himself. Where else are you going to find that kind of service? Not even in NYC. We had the jerk chicken spring rolls which were crispy and not greasy filled with large chunks of chicken breast ( a pleasant surprise). They had the red snapper 2 different ways and I had the fried chicken. Everything was cooked to perfection, including generous sides. Next time I' m going for the jerk pork! For a very long time Downtown New Rochelle has been missing a good place to go.... No pun intended but I think we finally have A Place 2 Go!
My boyfriend and I decided on a dinner date night and we were heading to one of our favorite places called Ripe. We got there and the wait was only 30 minutes. We decided to wait but the 30 minutes passed and still we were not seated. I said ok no problem lets still wait. 45 minutes passed and still we were not seated!!! Since we arrived only 3 couples had left the restaurant. i go up to the "hostess" and she tells me its going to be about 20 minutes longer. i ask how many people are in front of me she said 3! If 3 people are in front of how is it that the wait is only 20 minutes?!! At this point I'm starving and annoyed so we leave the restaurant. We were going to say screw it lets go to trusty BBQ's but then I googled Caribbean restaurants in the area and A Place 2 Go came up. My friend had recently told me about this place but she told me about the Queens location. We decide to head over to new Rochelle and try it out and boy were we happy! The place is absolutely gorgeous and the best part was there was no wait! Although we did not have a reservation we were seated in less than 10 minutes. i had the Rum Punch and Oxtail with Rice and Peas and it was yummy. We also had the Jerk spring Rolls which were delicious! our waitress was good and the atmosphere was great! I am going to try and keep this hidden gem to myself for a bit longer and will definitely be returning!!!
I bookmarked this place a while ago because I saw some else post on Instagram that it was good.  So when I was looking for a new Caribbean place to go to I decided to finally give this place a try, uhmm super awesome.  I wrote a review on my blog as well and posted a few pics check it out here: youngequalsforever.blogs…
I am a bit late with my review but here goes. My girl friend took me here for my Birthday  this past summer and we had a good time.  Chris was our server and he was the best.   We came on a Saturday for dinner and the food was great.  The best part was the banana pudding.  Yum Yum.  Dinner was decently priced and the atmosphere was laid back. We would go back
A place to go experience it for yourself
Definitely a Place to Go To. This is a welcome addition to the "food scene" in New Rochelle. Attentive staff and interesting, reasonably priced food and drinks. We have been there several times and have loved the jerked pork, jerked chicken, fried chicken and fried fish. A keeper.
Great salmon.  Cant wait to go back and try the red snapper.
Went to this establishment in May for a girls night out and it did not disappoint. We ordered the crab cakes, jerk chicken spring roll for appetizers DELICIOUS. For dinner we ordered the jerk pork, oxtails and snapper. Everything was fantastic. The owner came over to our table he was very nice and even gave us a dish on the house. We also had the pleasure of meeting his wife who was very cordial. Rode by the restaurant last week and they now have a sign outside. A Place 2 Go is the place to go if you want a great meal.
This place is a true gem. I went here with a few friends, and had a blast. It is wonderfully decorated and has a chic Manhattan look. The service was very good, the bartenders are nice and friendly. I ordered some appetizers (Jerk chicken spring rolls, and sweet potato fries). Both were very tasty; I just wished the portions were a bit larger. The Drinks are fantastic!; they were strong, well mixed, and large glasses. The music is also good. I will most definitely be coming back. This is a great date/chill spot.
I love this place. The food Is delicious. I had the oxtail with a side of mac and cheese.  I also had the pepper shrimp which was good but very spicy.  Service was great. No complaints here. I will be back.
I was here a couple of weeks ago and loved the food here!  Don't let the modest appearance from the outside fool you.  Once you walk inside the door, you find yourself in a very modern looking restaurant.  Great ambiance and very attentive staff and service.  The food was delicious and the flavor is much more sophisticated than your typical Caribbean food.  The oxtail melts in your mouth, the mac and cheese was rich but not greasy, and the corn bread was just delightful with a little extra something. I will definitely be back and bringing some other friends with me.  Apparently, they have a pretty happening scene on the weekends with some really great music, too.  The place has just opened and I hope they stay around for a long time.
Cute spot friendly staff and possibly the best oxtails I've had in a long time. This chef knows Jamaican flavors and isn't trying to muddle them to cater to the typical Westchester clientele. Drinks are strong as well. A great option if you want Jamaican food but with a restaurant atmosphere.
This place is GREAT!!! The food is delicious.  We had Jerk Chicken Spring Rolls, cod fish balls (not sure what they were called), and oxtail and rice n peas!! Off the chain good!!! YUMMY!!! The chef/owner Chris came out to greet patrons, and offered us samples of new foods he's thinking of adding to the menu.  The place has a nice vibe, the service is exceptional.  Will DEFINITELY be going back!!!
"A Place 2 Go" (NOOOOOOO!!!!!) I would never go back, nor would I recommend it t to anyone else.    We were a party of two on Friday night @ 9:00pm  and ordered an appetizer of Calamari with marinara sauce and oxtails as entrees.  At 9:30pm the waiter comes by and tells us that the kitchen is backed up and please be patient. (still no appetizer)   At 9:45 the waiter comes back with our oxtails and tells us that the we can't get the calamari because they don't have marinara sauce; (should have told us that when he gave the kitchen the order )The oxtails were not worth the wait, they were swimming in oil and not spicy; the peas and rice that we had to order separately were bland. I have had better oxtails at GoldenKrust  which includes a side of peas and rice. I left "A Place to Go" still hungry with a greasy film on my lips.   Couldn't wait to go home and brush my teeth.
The place is very well named and a worthy rival to the standout Alvin and Friends nearby. The food here is more traditional Caribbean. I was introduced to this place when Chris, the chef and maybe the owner for all I know, set up a huge barbeque trailer at the Saturday farmers market nearby and was selling - also giving away- jerk chicken, pork and brisket made on the spot. We had a conversation about chili peppers.  It turns out he is a competitive barbequer with a deep knowledge of spices. I've been to Jamaica 6 times and my jerk is considered good but this was hands down the best I've had. We went to the restaurant a couple weeks later early on a Friday night. The bar was hopping but the restaurant was not too busy at 7 pm. It was filling up by the time we left. I think the regular clientele dines late.  The restaurant has been beautifully redecorated, the service was swift,  sincerely friendly and attentive. The staff are obviously proud of this place, and with good reason. Chris came out from the kitchen and checked up on us during the meal, which was appreciated. My son in law said the jerk pork was the best pork he ever ate and I had a perfectly prepared escaviche red snapper. Drove by last night and glanced in at about 10 pm. The bar was hopping. Check this place out if you like Caribbean cooking , you will not be disappointed.
