I've been here several times and not too crazy about it. The food is always excellent but the last time I went there I had the WORST service. I'm not too sure if it was the manager or a worker but I have never been so insulted in restaurant before. We had a party of 9 (good money for the business) and not all of us showed up at the same time and at the end of the meal this woman told us "yea maybe next time don't show up late to your reservation and make us all wait". We all stared at eachother in awe not knowing what to say back. Nevertheless, we left a very nice tip but will never go to this location again because of this nasty woman. If you want to feel comfortable, I suggest you go to the Port Chester joint.
Visited this restaurant for th first time with a group of friends on a friday night this July 2013 and it was definitely crowded. I have been to other hibachi restaurants and the service is pretty similar but the food here was great. Like with any restaurant...the taste will vary. But be sure to make reservations and arrive on time to avoid a long wait. Our chef was friendly and funny but the jokes were typical of other hibachi restaurants that Ive been to. The drinks were pretty good and the food portions were more than satisfying.
This is a very nice Hibachi spot. We went on a Monday night so there wasn't any wait. The food was very good, and they give you a good amount.. The drinks were also tasty. Our chef was very entertaining and put on a nice lil show. I will definitely be going back. Prices are very reasonable too.
Love this place..how can u not? Zombies, Hurricanes that actually have ALCOHOL in them so u dont have to drink 4 to get that nice pre-feast buzz..Food is always fresh, flavorful and the staff are great....its an event, not a meal.
I have to agree with the majority here: A MUST GO! I've tried my fair share of hibachi style steakhouses, and I have to admit that this is my favorite by far. The sauces served along side your meal? Delicious. The quality of the food presented to you? Superb. Your dining experience? Loud and a little rambunctious, but in incredibly entertaining. There are no dull moments at Edo's. For the price you're paying here you're going to be pleasantly surprised with the amount of food you're getting. The courses just keep on coming and you're going to walk away with the full tummy. So a $20-$25 entree really is worth every penny at Edo's. The only downside? Making a reservation is kind of a must with this place. Due to it's amazing food and popularity, you're likely to wait anywhere from an hour to an hour and a half depending on the evening you choose to dine. Your best bet is calling a few days in advance and making a reservation! You won't be disappointed. Enjoy!
I love zucchini being flung in multiple directions amongst a group of strangers that I will never likely speak to again. However, for approximately an hour and a half, we are existing in this reality show called "Eight People, Hot Grill." Eight people from different backgrounds are on the show representing the diversity of the surrounding area. We are all sitting amongst a dead grill when the perky waitress hands us bowls of steaming hot soup after taking our orders. The drinks are good, but slightly weak-- is this a trap?  We all stare at each other in anticipation as the first challenge is set to start. Eventually, our host, the chef, comes out and greets us. He starts the grill and sets to cooking, lubing it up with oil and adding ingredients that pop everywhere. Oil splatters, with a drop or two hitting my cheek...kind of like when I cook eggs at home. I'm eliminated. Then, the tricks start. Zucchini starts flying everywhere, with contestants getting eliminated as they fail to catch the flailing fruit with their mouths. All contestants continue to receive a deluge of food however, from veggies to noodles to shrimp to your main dish. Aside from the tricks of the chef, there are a few other similarities between Edo and a reality show. First, there is often a long wait for a table, like you'd wait to get casted. This makes sense as the restaurant is quite popular and you have to wait for diners to finish before you can sit. Second, everything flies by quickly, like a reality show's short lived summer season. Course after course is served very fast and you don't really get to savor too much. I felt a little rushed. Third, you're kind of on the spot, whether it's the chef cracking a joke or your table-mates trying to converse with you. Overall, however, aside from my weighty analogy, the food at Edo is absolutely delicious and the experience is truly unique. I also thought the food was priced very fairly, considering the meal includes several sides. Chicken and shrimp only cost about $21 at the time of this review. Brotip: If other Yelpers haven't warned you already, MAKE RESERVATIONS. This has to be the most popular restaurant in the area. If you don't make reservations, there will be a deluge of people who have, leaving you to wait possibly hours on end.
Reminds me exactly of benihanas....except my hibachi chicken meal comes with noodles here as where in benihanas it does not.. Good food, good show!
I stop in here at least twice every month. I always leave satisfied full and with extra. It's not a date place more family orientated a bit noisy but always a good time with great food. My favorite chef is Felix, place does get very crowded makes reservation. Ahead of time. The prices are great also
My family is just naturally cautious of hibachi steakhouses. Something about how they always end up feeling (I'll spare you the details) after eating at one. That being said, I've eaten at many hibachi restaurants over the years. Unfortunately, Manhattan is not one of those places, as they only have one hibachi restaurant that I know of - Benihana (and no, restaurants that serve hibachi items but don't actually have the hibachi grills where people eat and are dazzled by chefs making cheesy jokes about "Japanese egg roll" or flipping shrimp tails into his hat DO NOT count). I've been coming to Edo's for years and some things are pretty consistent: 1) it is always (and I mean ALWAYS) crowded. I have never once come here where there isn't a substantial wait, even if you do have a reservation (if you don't have a reservation, might as well find another restaurant because it's not happening for you here) 2) it is always loud and lively - I say this as a fact, but it's also a warning to those patrons seeking a low key night out. You can either elect to get swept away in the communal vibe that permeates the whole restaurant, or you can sulk in your chair as everyone BUT you has a good time 3) every chef will try to engage every diner at his/ her table - again, something I personally like, but not for everyone. If you don't want to be ushered into the experience, you're going to be the odd man out. The bar area is nice while you wait for your table, and drinks are really good. The bartenders are also very nice and willing to work with you if nothing that you like is available on the menu (though I doubt that scenario). There's a private room for larger groups or private parties and the chefs are all nice. And of course, no hibachi experience would be complete without everyone on staff (and subsequently everyone in the restaurant) singing happy birthday in Japanese to some poor, unsuspecting sap (which is ironic, since this happens an average of 5 times in a 1.5-2 hour period at Edo's). Enjoy!
Love the hibachi chefs here. They never fail to put on a good show and they all have great personalities. I usually get a combination and try their appetizers. I also get their sushi when they have it, very fresh and extremely tasty. Their prices are typical for a Japanese steak house. The waitresses are tentative and always there to take your orders. Be sure to make a reservation because this place gets really busy on the weekends.
My friends go to Edo alllll the time (Without me. Bastardos) and have only good things to say about it. I am adding to the hype. I've been to Edo once before, in Connecticut for an after-christening lunch. Food was dope, but it was served as a buffet instead of hibachi style. Tempura shrimp, will you marry I? Today was my first time trying their hibachi and it was AWESOME. After dragging my sisters and my friend to Five Below (I'm addicted), we made our way over to Edo around 5pm. Unfortunately they don't open until 5:30pm and there's not much to do around there unless you wanna get something at Dunkin Donuts or the CVS across the street (but c'mon, you can get that $14 vibrating mascara for $4 at Five Below!! did i stutter?). They don't seat you without your whole group, which is understandable cuz it gets busy and crowded really fast. People get there 5:30 on the dot and we were waiting for one of my sisters. There's a bar right in the waiting area, much like Benihana. The staff is super friendly and personable. Once Gem arrived, we were seated right away and our drink orders taken soon after. The place was already pretty much packed and it wasn't even 6 pm. Our chef was entertaining and they aren't stingy with their tricks like some other places *cough Beni cough* which is great if you're taking a hibachi virgin. They sing an awesome song for birthday celebrants and they bring out a cute little platter of something. They actually look like they enjoy singing it :) Best Hibachi food I've had in NY. You get the standard soup and salad with ginger dressing (so gooooo), fried noodles, stir fried vegetables, shrimp appetizer (3 pieces? weak!!), steamed rice (fried rice is $2.25 (?) extra but worth it), your entree pick, and a bowl of ice cream at the end. I had the chicken and shrimp. Deeeelectable. Everything was delicious. Whenever the Chef had extras for anything, I raised my hand for him to dump it on my plate :) I clearly took half of my food to go. They give you pretty massive amounts of it. Try the green tea ice cream, it's yum. I've been to Mt. Fuji upstate and Benihana in Manhattan. Both suck in comparison. Kobe in FL has aweeeeesome noodles, like crack noodles for real, but in NY, Edo is def officially my go-to for hibachi :)
Visited Edo for a family late-lunch/early-dinner. We showed up shortly after opening (4pm), and the place filled up extremely quickly. We didn't need a reservation, since it was a Sunday, and we arrived EXACTLY at 4 o'clock. But I could only imagine the swarms of people who show up on Friday & Saturday nights. Edo made great use of the small space they were allotted. There were at least 10 grills running - at one point, all at the same time. As my pleasantly tipsy uncle chimed, "This isn't the place to take someone you'd like to get to know." It's noisy, but not jarringly so. The clanging of utensils, heat of soaring open flames and chattering of the guests overwhelmed the music I heard humming in the background. But the service was great. Everybody - cooks, hosts, waiters, and clean-up crew - was pleasant and conversational. The entire experience was like being served by a well-oiled machine. We sat. We ate. We laughed. We ate some more. We sang. We left. I enjoyed this drink with coconut rum and a splash of pineapple juice... It was incredible, but I've forgotten the cocktail's name! It didn't really pack as much of a punch as I would've liked, but I WAS with family. The food was great. Of course, having food prepped in front of you really makes you appreciate the process more. But that aside, it was all cooked to order, with style. Our chef stirred up some appetizers (noodles, mixed veggies and shrimp that were probably sent straight from Hibachi Heaven). I enjoyed the Hibachi Sukiyaki, or thinly sliced beef, for my entree. I was stuffed about halfway in, and as if on cue, someone else came around to wrap up our leftovers. After the restaurant crew came around to sing Happy Birthday to my grandmother (the entire place clapped along, which was nice!), they served us complimentary ice cream. I chose the green tea flavored one, because, well, why not!? I wouldn't strip away a star because of the noise, my only qualm. The noise level is really not in Edo's control. And considering there was an EXTREMELY large group of preteen girls there for a party of their own, which Edo BRILLIANTLY set aside in a more enclosed area of the restaurant, I think the din is kept under decent control. Can't wait to go back!
What an experience. The food is awesome, hands down. It's your typical Japanese steakhouse, nothing too special, but the food is freaking amazing. You leave here and you think you might actually burst. You are concerned your stomach will explode right there while you are walking to your car. The 2 hour meal consists of soup and salad with the most amazing ginger dressing (which they will sell to you separately if you go in there and ask) and a small serving of veggies and shrimp. By the time you eat all this you are already full, and have not even touched your main course. Whatever you order for dinner (I always go with the sukiyai steak and shrimp) will be cooked to your liking right in front of you and placed directly from the grill onto your plate. You are also served your choice of white or fried rice (ALWAYS chose fried!!) overflowing from a bowl and some green sprouts at the end. Seriously, if you eat everything here you would give Adam on Man vs. Food a run for his money. Everything you eat will be fresh and really good. The quality of the food is excellent. It all tastes amazing. It's actually hard not to eat everything on your plate, but then you remember the stomach-explode-in-parking lot scenario and force yourself to stop. I highly recommend this place for special occasions, as it will pretty much account for your yearly salt intake, so only hitting it up once - maybe twice a year is plenty. Make sure you make a reservation, this place is popular and you probably can't be seated as a walk in.
This is a great spot! Attended for my sisters welcoming back home dinner from studying aboard. So the night almost went to failure because some one in a party cancelled and we missed our reservation. So once we got there it took them about 20 minites to seat 6 people which isn't bad at all. Once we were seated we were offered drinks and immediately given menus. The service was awesome. The menu contained lots of Japanese dishes along with basic Chinese dishes also. I ordered some salmon and it was steamed and cooked to perfection. There ins't any need for appetizers. They start your you with with some chicken broth, noodles with vegetables, and shrimp. By the time your main dish is cooked your pretty full. Its a great spot to meet with friends or family. Our chef Edward was really entertaining and had a great sense of humor. I highly recommend requesting him as your chef. He did many tricks and even tossed food at your mouth while he cooked. Pretty amazing stuff lol.
BENI-WHO?? I have been here hundreds of times and have yet to be disappointed. Their food is always just right. Juicy, mouth watering steak, chicken, lobster. You name it, they master it. Not to mention their cooks are always entertaining and very nice. Nice place to take kids, always fun to watch the smiles on their faces. Great family night-out restaurant yet still a great place to get together with friends for dinner and drinks. Only con is... you will smell yummy enough to eat. So unless you are heading home after, be prepared for the random licks. ;) *Remember to make reservations!!! At least one or two days in advance just to be safe! Enjoy!
Wish I drove or lived closer. This is my número uno hibachi place. Everything is great. Everything!!!!! And the prices are very affordable. When ever I leave here I'm stuffed & satisfied. The drinks are good too. I usually get a coco loso & it's real coconuts in it. The best
Great place! Very nice & entertaining. Great service all over  -- from the hostess to waitress to chef to busboy. Food is great (the filet mignon could have been a little better but still delicious) Great place for families, couples, and groups. Make sure to make a reservation!
Best thing to do is make reservations . Good for great staff friendly bartender . The cook makes the experience much greater their so funny love all the tricks and little jokes they make my fav drink was the spring blossom yummy and one man two wives is also a great drink.
This is It! When you want to mix fun with good food and friends, this is the place to go. Their shows are great, like the Japanese egg roll, fire volcano, food toss, and tricks! Great for birthdays as well!
This is by far my favorite of the many hibachi places I have been to! (ie: Benihana's, Mt. Fuji, Ohana's) The food is just wonderful.  It is flavorful and overall prepared well.  I usually get the shrimp and chicken and it always comes out good.  Never overcooked or dry. Plus, the chef's are actually funny and entertaining. The service is good and the atmosphere is very inviting.  They have a full service bar too which is nice place to go and just grab a drink and relax. The portions are huge and all entrees and combinations dinners include a soup, salad, hibachi shrimp appetizer. Main dinner plates are served with vegetables and steamed rice followed by ice cream or sorbet. Only one recommendation....make sure you MAKE A RESERVATION especially on the weekends.  They get crowded very fast and the wait time is kinda long if you don't have a reservation.
The food is always great and I always leave full lol. Can never get tired of this place. Will continue to go.!!
I have been going to Edo's since I was a kid and no matter what this place is ALWAYS busy!!! This place is just a well oiled machine!! Make sure you have a reservation and don't worry they will get you in and out as quick as humanly possible!! You can't go wrong with any of the food its all good!!
The food was good, but the chief wasn't. Having 4 kids at the table you would assume he would try to be entertaining. He did nothing but cooked the food. I even asked where is the suki pour in your mouth, but his responds was I will call someone to get it.
Great time was had by all! 12 People 3 rounds of drinks during dinner and it was 50 bucks per person! The food was great. The chef was your average Hibatchi guy nothing mind blowing. We'll be back again soon.
This is the best hibachi place I have ever been to! Prices are great, staff is friendly and the food is AMAZING. I had the hibachi seafood combo and it was delicious and of course waaaaay too much food. Between the soup, salad, shrimp appetizers, your actual meal and ice cream for dessert you are completely stuffed. The sangrias there are also very good and you have to try the shrimp dumlings you will love it! Oh and the fried rice! Thank me later!
I've been here a few times in the past and it is one of my favorite Hibachi places in the Bronx to visit. The service is always good and your definitely gonna have a good time here. The Hibachi chefs are very talented and entertaining as well. They'll dazzle you with their culinary expertize. Usually you'll be able to choose from Filet Mignon, Chicken, Shrimp and/or Lobster and every order will come with grilled vegetables and fried rice (all of which is prepared in front of your very eyes). While it's true, all or most, Hibachi places serve the same type of menu, I think you'll find the food at Edo's a cut above the rest!
Food is good! Drinks are good! Service is good! Show is good! They give you tons of food....I ate like a savage and still left with a doggie bag. Our cook, Wu, was a funny dude. I think his voice alone made it worth his "show." Cool spot, I'd be back...on a really empty stomach.
whats the result when you combine tasty, juicy, meaty steak and the authentic, sophisticated japanese taste? EPICNESS, i tell you. here at EDO japanese steakhouse, you can finally eat your favorite savory steaks in japanese style and taste! what more can you ask for? personally speaking, one of my favorite grilled dishesis steak, and my favorite coutnry and cultutre is Japan, so when i heard that there is a restaurant such as EDO japanese steakhouse, i did'nt hesitate to visit and try their offer. filled with bright yellowish-orange light, EDO japanese steakhouse offers appetizers and dinner meals such as hibachi sukiyaki, chicken and lobster, shrimp & scallops and seafood. if you have a problem feeding children with food they're not familiar with, try EDO's children dinner which includes oko-hibachi shrimp, oko-chicken and oko-sukiyaki (sliced beef). all in all, i give this steakhouse FIVE golden shining stars for fulfilling my wish, and my filling tummy!
It's a fun experience and great for celebrating with family and friends.
I love this place.  The food was awesome and the drinks are very strong.  I had the lobster tail and skirt steak.....oh my it was superb.   The fried rice and salad with the ginger dressing is also good.   This is a great place to take the family.  I can't wait to go back.  It gets very busy so make sure you have a reservation,
I love, love, love this place!! Make sure to make reservations the place can get very crowded. Once seated you will be entertained by the chef and his treat of tricks love the onion volcano lol. You will be given a little bit of an appertizer from the chef he'll place some shrimp, and chicken on to your plate. Here comes the Chicken broth soup, warm and tasty and that house salad is out of this world! I think it's the ginger sauce that makes it so damm good. You can also ask for some to take home I don't think it's all that expensive. By the time dinner served your just about full. I had the chicken and shrimp combo it was tender and tasty, the fried rice gets two thumbs up, and their drinks are not bad either. If your celebrating your birthday the staff  will come over to your table and sing Happy Birthday in Japanese, plus you'll get your picture taken and a bowl of ice cream. Now that's what I call friendly service. Edo in my book is the best!!!
Sorry for my late review. Me personally I think Edo's is the best Hibachi Japanese Food Steakhouse I've been to and I've been to a few. I don't need a reason to go, it's just that good for me. Don't get me wrong I love celebrating birthdays, graduation and any everything I can there but when I get the craving I'm out!   Edo's will quote you a wait time of 1 or 2 hours without a reservation knowing damn well they kicking your ### out after desert so I don't think I ever waited more then hour without a reservation but I'm there before 7.
Came for the first time after being told by my sister... YAY IM A FAN! Great hibachi, when I say GREAT it was out of this world. Only negative, it was VERY crowded.
Everything is so fresh and cooked perfectly! Best salmon EVER! When you're here, you have to try the plum wine.
My fav Japanese steak house, Benihana is over rated. The food is a hit most days (90%), and the staff is always humorous. Oh by the way did I say that it was reasonably priced!
Celebrating a birthday??? This is the perfect place to go. Make sure you make a reservation though especially if you are going to be a big party. They will hit the gong sound, and the servers, managers, and the chefs will come to the Birthday celebrant with a little cake or something and sing and greet the celebrant a Happy Birthday!=)) Service is okay, food is good, I have always tried the Hibachi steak ( tip: try the Filet Mignon) and I always get it MRare, its very tender and juicy! The Hibachi chef is always pleasant and funny, the servers are very attentive. Why 4 stars then??? Its a small place. Squished in, expect that. Its Loud. ..... Im a fan, no matter what!!!=)))
Entertaining, good service, good food and good price.
Visited Edo's with my family i was a little skeptical because i'm such a picky eater but this place turned out great the food was good and great service i will be returning with my little picky eater.
I feel like anyone in Westchester would probably recommend this place.  The downside is, it'll be busy and hard to get a table.  Make sure your party gets there on time! That said, Edo's deserves its reputation.  The food is delicious whether you go with steak, chicken, seafood or any combination; you'll definitely be full afterwards.  And who doesn't enjoy the entertainment?  From what I've seen, all their hibachi chefs can put on a good show.
I've been here quite a few times and every time I come I love it.  The cook this time was a little boring but that was probably because my table had no energy.  Some of the tricks they usually perform weren't done but the food was great. Chicken and shrimp with fried rice amazing.... Calamari for appetizers I think will be passed up next time...
I liked this place, the food is yummy and the service is alright. The chef is entertaining and if you're lucky to sit next to some cool people you'll have fun interacting with strangers (i.e like at a bar) but with food in front of you. Their happy hour is good, too! Their prices are reasonable and since I live in the Bronx, a great excape without having to drive to Manhattan (which I don't fancy, anyway)
First things first : MAKE A RESERVATION IF YOU ARE A GROUP. Went to this place as per the YELPERS ( :D )  ... it is a great place to start with.. they have this small area for waiting and the bar which is a pretty good idea, I just had the sake but I believe the drinks are pretty good to by loooking at them. We were just two, so could grab a table in like 10 mins. They have a decent menu for different stuff, but I went down with the dinner special. The cook was great, its been a while I tried the Hibachi thing.. this one was really good, yeah, I mean you get the same style of cooking everywhere ... this place was really good and stood up to the expectations made by yelpers. I would go back for sure again if am around Pelham
Great hibachi spoke in the New Rochelle area. Now, I am normally not up in this area so maybe there are others,but compared to others I have been to throughout the NY area, this one ranks up there. Service is great, the chef was more amusing than most, and the food was excellent - perfectly cooked shrimp as well as filet mignon. The carmel swirl ice cream is awesome and I'm hardly an ice cream eater . . . couldn't resist after our super friendly waitress recommended it to me. Definitely check it out if you're in the area - it was packed for a Tuesday night, so obviously it's pretty consistent.
One of the best Japaneese hibachi cooking in the area. Food is always good, and the place is always busy and packed. Ambiance is excellent.
This place is excellent! prices are reasonable. hibachi show is really good. soup is great ICE cream for the end... I totally come back to this place!
SO GOOD!!! I've never had Hibachi before, I've only seen the commercials. The food was delicious, the chef was really funny and seemed to enjoy what he was doing, and the restaurant itself is a nice setup.  If you hate sharing a table with strangers, you should probably invite enough people to take up the whole table (seats 8) or go somewhere else!  We came here to celebrate my cousin's birthday and they actually have a special on the menu for such an occasion.  They sing happy birthday (in Japanese), light a candle, give the birthday person a slice of cake, and take a picture.  The atmosphere at this restaurant is really nice because everyone's laughing and having a good time thanks to the chefs.
Love this restaraunt.. ambiance decor prices. Perfect The best ginger dressing ever.. suggest u come on an Empty stomach. Highly recommend
I love Edos. I love the food and the atmosphere. It is always busy and bustling. The staff does tend to rush you if it is super busy though. If you do not like a busy and happening place then do not eat here. Always make a reservation...always! I love this location better than the location in Portchester, NY. The food tastes better at the location in Pelham. I have had many good times here!
Its a good Hibachi Place. Its a dinner and a show. Friendly Staff, Good Food, and Good Cocktails. Make reservations ahead of time, this place is crazy when they are on a wait. Long waits for tables if you don't! Service could be a little bit better.
I've been going to Edo's for around 25 years now, and this was my last time.  The service and food have gone downhill big time.  We went for a birthday celebration and they totally rushed us the entire time.  The chef acted like he was at a funeral - no personality at all! First round is the soup.  They brought out the salads and shoved them in front of us while we were still eating the soup.  Then, while we were still eating dinner, they brought out the tins to pack up any leftovers.  Um... we are still eating!  Then they brought out the stack of new dishes for the next round of customers and left them on the grill -- again, while we were still finishing dinner.  We hadn't even had the cake yet!  Really, just so rude! The fried rice is usually my favorite thing here and this time it was horrible!  It was overloaded with onions, so that's all you could taste.  Actually, I tasted it the next day too.  Disgusting! We complained to the manager about them rushing us, about the chef, etc, and he offered us NOTHING to make up for it.  Not a free drink, nothing. We brought our own cake for the birthday celebration, so we did not eat their dessert, yet they still charged us $6.00 for a "celebration" which basically included them carrying out OUR cake and taking a picture.  Really??  Even after clearly knowing how unhappy we were?  That's just bad business. Never again!
I went to Edo in Pelham last Monday, I thought it will be slow but it was busy. This place is always busy no matter what day it is... Good for them. It was fantastic from host, chef and outstanding service from waiters even cleaning people.  My favorite restaurant. I don't know how Edo employees work like that. Even though crazy busy, they take care of customers!!! Very impressive!!! Our family loves this restaurant. You should bring your family too.
Make a reservation if not you wont be accommodated period
Awesome food been going here since I was a kid and always have a great meal and a good time. The chefs are always super nice and funny. They do tricks and toss vegetables at you so be prepared. The drinks are sweet and strong. I consider myself a drinker and two of their specialty drinks will leave you a little tipsy. The filet mignon and chicken combination has been my go to meal for years. And the vegetable tempura is amazing to as an app. I recommend this place to everyone and make sure you have reservations or else you are not getting past the bar lol.
I have been to quite a few hibachi restaurants and this one just doesn't measure up.  There are definitely great qualities but to compare this place to others they fall short. The entertainment is not genuine it is quite  boring.  The vegetables are barely cooked and the rice was dry. Not to mention it is quite pricey to not even give a free refill on the smallest soda I have ever been served. Bonus is they serve ice with the soup (great if you have kids to cool it down). Bonus you get a scoop of ice cream or sherbet with your meal. I rather have free refills on drinks.
We used to  come here often. Today was our last visit-forever! Who can excuse gigantic roach falling from the ceiling plop on the table. Had we not finished eating we would have left immediately! Manager offered free round of drinks on our next visit! There will be no next visit. Too bad, because the food is pretty good.
Really great to go with a group. It's loud though, unless you get a private room. The first time I went I was estatic. The 2nd time, the guy wasn't so good. It's expensive, but it's worth it. $14.99 and up. The sauce they use is AMAZING. This is my favorite Hibachi place hands down.
What's not to love about watching the cooks prepare your food right in front of you. They sing and joke with you, play tricks on you, & the service is beyond what you get anywhere else. Drinks are really good & who wouldn't like to be sang to in a different language & get your picture taken lol. Great experience!
You can't go wrong by having your food cooked right in front of you. If you ever had a fear that your waiter or waitress and cook is playing with your food then hibachi is the place for you. I didn't know what to expect because as shocking as this may sound, i've never been to a hibachi restaurant before. It didn't take that long to be seated (maybe 10 minutes) and 5 minutes before the waitress came to serve our drinks. Catching food in my mouth is  not my specialty but definitely entertaining.  I love love the food ( I ordered the chicken and shrimp with fried rice... yumm) Our Chef was Gio ( the only non asian chef in there lol) but he was hilarious.  Definitely will find myself back here on a Saturday night.
One of the best Japanase steak house in town.
I went here with my family when the Yankees were in the American League Playoffs. So needless to say I had the best of both worlds. The food is great, but once you have seen the show it is hard to ooh and ahh again. The chefs are funny and always work hard for a laugh. The constant happy birthday's are a bit much, but it is a celebratory environment.  Almost every one from Pelham goes here, and there is a reason. 5 stars from this patron, only wish I could give it six.
Honestly it's one of my absolute favorite places to go for any occasion.  The food is amazing, the chefs are fun and entertaining.  Overall it's a wonderful experience.  I recommend it to anyone and for those with allergies, they are extremely accommodating.
Edo's Hibachi or Japanese Steakhouse whatever you want to call it in my town is pretty good. I mean it's not Kittichai, Tao or Spice Market but it holds it own. The chefs def put on a display when cooking your meal, and overall the food is pretty tasty, hot and you have a diverse selection to choose from. I've gone here numerous times and I mean its good but I don't drool or dream of this place. Good for either groups or a date.
Take your best girl and make a reservation cause this place is dynamite. The food is really really good...better than any of the similar more well known places in NYC where they cook the food in front of you.  I was there a couple months ago and accidentally walked into the ladies room...it was awkward.
I love being a vegetarian because of Edos!  My family and I went on a busy Saturday night with reservations for 6p.  They sat us right at 6p on the dot.  The waitress was on point, especially with our 6yr old.  The chef was pleasant and comical.  The food was super fresh and we were served super quick.  There was a birthday at our station so we got to witness the birthday song.  It was kind of funny.  All of the chefs stopped what they're doing and went to the station that has the birthday to sing.  We enjoyed ourselves.  The family that sat with us was pleasant too.  I think that had a lot to do with the experience as well. Great place for a first experience.  I can't wait to go again.  The veggie platter was more than enough and it was scrumptious, also affordable.
Best Hibachi place in NYC. Definitely far those who live in the city, but worth the trip. The mustard sauce is to die for! Do not eat the day of your meal as you will probably be taking on 7 courses while there. My favorite is the steak and shrimp combo so that you can enjoy the best of the land and the sea.
Loved it...especially the fried rice!
I've been here many times. I love Edos for the food and the entertaining waiters. A+ there. But, last visit my Daughter made reservations for 8 PM for the private room. When we got there, we were 1 person short because they cancelled last minute. Edos told us because of the cancellation we could not have the private room. Meanwhile we looked in the private room and there was a party in there already and the waitress was taking their drink orders! This was at 8 PM. They squeezed us around a table in the regular dining room. We were so squashed that my adult Daughter had to literally climb up on her chair to get seated! At very least, they could have told the truth and said they double booked the room and gave my Daughter something off the bill. Nope didn't happen!
Delicious!!! Service and food is off the chain. I had the steak and shrimp and my hubby had the steak and chicken. Everything was flavorful and the entertainment was great!!! I wish I can give ten stars. It was well worth the trip. We were very satisfied!!!
Sooo good! Shrimp, steak and fried rice! Im in love!
Their fried rice is awesome!  The only annoying things are the long waits even with reservations. Also I didn't like sharing my table with strangers. Food and service are excellence though.
I have been to Edo's probably twice but my last visit this past weekend is the one I'm talking about! The chef was very funny, attentive and the food was great! I had the Spring Blossom drink and it was strong and tasty  it lasted me before and during dinner. I can't wait to go back!  If you can go with a group of ppl you probably would have more fun. Sometimes  you can be seated with lames or ppl on a date who are just into themselves! Wrong place for an intimate date.  I would definitely recommend!
me and my girl get takeout here all the time, we love it. they are so great here, most of the time its too busy to even sit and based on everyone else's opinion i can see why. however if you dont mind spending 20 dollars on a meal this is hands down the best take out japanese/hibachi you can get they give you soo much food all the sauces and there i never utter a word of disappointment after i eat here
Packed had reservations at 6:30, and still had to wait.  This lets you know how popular Edo's is.  The food was fantastic except for the salad but it was salad after all!  The soup was great like the veggies and meat.  The staff was efficient and friendly.
Make sure you tell your party to arrive ON TIME. The reason I say this is because we cannot be seated until EVERYONE arrives. It sucks :( Its understandable though. :) I love the food! I came here again for my birthday, and really enjoyed the food! The spaghetti is to die for as part of the appetizer. The cheesecake they gave me for my birthday was delicious :) And the salad and soup were very very yummy. I had a great time and you get a copy of the picture they take for $3.25. Of course the first one is free, but overall a great place. The manager is very sweet. Love how they sing happy birthday in Japanese. :)
Went for a family celebration and had a great time.  We had reservations, which was good since the place was packed and it wasn't even 6:30pm. On a Thursday!  The service was quick but not rushed.  The prices were fair and the food very good.  The manager takes a picture and prints it for you when there is a birthday, anniversary, etc.  Very nice touch!
Love this place! Reservations is a must. It's always crowded. The service was great and the chef was funny.
This is our go to spot. We have been coming here for the past 15+ years. Its our family tradition that at everyone's birthday we celebrate at edo's. We have stacks of pictures from there that we had took over the years. When its your birthday they take a picture and date it  Its funny to see us all growing up over the years and continuing to celebrate at edo's.  Since the one in Port Chester opened up we usually go to both, which ever one has a reservation. Everything is great!! I love the salad and dressing. We usually all get combinations of either chicken/ steak with shrimp. We just celebrated my grandfathers 78th birthday there Jan 6th 2013. Itswas another great experience.
Always a great time at Edo's. Great place to hang out with friends. Sometimes a little too much sodium but food is very tasty. Have been going since I was young.
Although I was not a big fan of their Alcoholic Beverages and Bar... Their food and Entertainment was absolutely Awesome... Would go back anyday but will have to give the bartender a lesson or two on the drinks...
We decided to try this place bec it's pretty hyped up. It's def more hype than reality, but the food was good and the experience entertaining. I had the salmon and my mom had the surf and turf. Salmon somewhat overdone, and my mom said that she couldn't even taste the lobster in the lobster tail after it'd been cooked up and spiced (I think it's just too sensitive a protein for edo's hibachi technique). Service was uber nice. The chef at our table was spectacular, and it was nice to witness how clean they are. Ice cream/sorbet was a majorly smart way for them to inexpensively add a satisfying "dessert" to the prix fixe. We had a good time, I'd go back, but I would rate the food as average (lots if it, tho!).
I actually went here a while ago, so this is definitely due for a review. I am DYING to go here again (I was supposed to go again like about a month ago, but we couldn't get a good reservation time). I would definitely call for reservation, and not even on the same day that you're planning on going. As I said just now, last time we were supposed to go, they could only give us 10PM, so us people from Brooklyn decided not to take a drive up there since 10PM is a bit too late. But for what it's worth, it's definitely worth everything, including the price. It gets very crowded when waiting for our table to be set. Some of our group wanted to wait outside, but us ladies dealt with the crowd because I remember it was pretty cold! It was during last winter or early spring. Crowd shows that it is definitely the place to be (and normally I HATE crowds, but if I'm with good people, I'm usually fine). I had the teriyaki steak along with hibachi rice, noodles, veggies, and whatever else I don't remember. Steak definitely had flavor and melts in your mouth. Earlier in the year we were at a crappy hibachi place where my steak was burnt and lacked flavor, so this definitely topped that experience. The performance during the time the chef cooked our meal was very good. I was in such relief that he didn't drop any of his knives (unlike my previous hibachi experience!). He even did a volcano!  The chef was very entertaining as well. A well done meal. If this was close to where I live and I had a car, I would definitely be coming back.
Always an amazing time! And the food is nothing but immaculate! I'll have one more saki bomb!
Edo isn't bad, but its popularity seems to be forcing it into appalling customer service. The food is hibachi standard. Nothing out of the ordinary. Matter of fact, I've seen the exact same chef routines (the urinating doll, the onion volcano etc) in similar restaurants on the West Coast. The chefs are quite competent, though the steaks tend to be a little over-done (eg rare is medium rare, medium rare is medium and so on). They are extremely generous with portion sizes, and have mastered shrimp and lobster (not over cooked in the least). The place is a noisy cacophony full of all manner of humanity (from obnoxious frat boys to whining children). Do not expect anything other than a circus-like atmosphere. The first big issue is service. Because there is a chef at every table, wait staff are few and far between. I have eaten there three times and on each occasion, drinks were forgotten, chop stick requests ignored, or the bill very slow in coming. And the managerial staff doesn't seem to care that the wait staff is AWOL a lot of the time.  They just seem to shrug it off, or, on one occasion, seem to look annoyed that I was annoyed by a missing drink. The other issue is their seating policy. Even if one member of the group is parking a car (in their incredibly busy lot), nothing happens. Every member of the group must be present or you will wait. Of course even with a reservation for a specific time you will wait at least 10 minutes (on a week day night, no less, I cannot imagine what it's like on a Friday or Saturday). Reservations are essential or you will NOT be dining. Listen to everyone on this... Edo is insanely busy. I almost suspect they sometimes accidentally over-book. It just seems too busy all the time for the wait times and chaos in the bar and the waiting areas to be anything other than planned. I'd definitely go back, as it's a lot of fun, but do not expect it to run smoothly. Just tell yourself to be calm and relax.
My boyfriend & I came here on a weekend. Make sure you make a reservation to avoid the 1 hour wait. It was our first time here and it was an okay experience. We were expecting more from hearing great things about this place. The service is great! It's also a nice atmosphere. The hibachi experience was amusing. The shrimp lacked some taste. My boyfriend loved his steak. I'm not sure about coming back, but I might give it a try.
Dined here again a few nights ago, and thought the food was even better than last time.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I always have a good time here and the food is always delicious. Even Though they give alot of food in the main course already, I always have to get appetizers because they are so good.
A local favorite for Lower Westchesterians, this hibachi steakhouse is so much fun to have dinner at.  It's such a show to watch the chefs (who can be really funny and sometimes raunchy in their jokes) cook up your food the way u want it.  For 30 bucks I get the lobster tail with filet mignon which includes the miso soup and shrimp appetizer, salad with that special dressing (forgot the name of it but it's da bomb), grilled veggies, fried rice (which I love), and ice cream for dessert.  The food is really good and tasty that sometimes we come back the next day to do it all over again.  There is alot of food that you might end up taking it home at the end.  The best is the fire show (typical onion volcano and beating fried rice heartbeat).  It gets really packed especially on weekend nights so reservations are a good to make unless you don't mind waiting 2 hours at the bar.  The drinks aren't that bad and appetizers are also good.  It will get really busy and crowded and even loud especially when it is someone's bday and all the chefs run to sing their "soy soy soy" song but if you come on a weekday, Edo's is not as hectic.  I love Edo's.  I love it way more than Benihanna's in the city!
I've been to Edo's twice so far.  OMG good!  The service was great both times.  The drinks were on point.  And my steak melted in my mouth.  I would definitely recommend.  Just be prepared for a wait b/c it is a popular spot.
my favorite hibachi place ever. we go here for birthdays with a large group of family members and the food is always delicious. the one thing they have that no other place does is the MOST AMAZING GINGER SALAD DRESSING. my boyfriend's family buys containers of it to eat with home cooked dinners. I can put that dressing on anything and it will instantly taste better (really livens up bland fish). I always get the steak and shrimp, sometimes with fried rice. The chefs are hilarious and the food is so tasty (sometimes hibachi places can be a little bland. I am a big fan and I can't wait to go back!
A tad expensive and a reservation is a must but the food is good quality. The chefs are fun and they make the whole dinner a very exciting experience. For a standard dinner and no alcohol it cost me and my girlfriend 55$.
best hibachi ever, awesome cocktails, the steak sukiyaki is to die for!! lol i just wish you could eat off other peoples plates when they don't finish their food!! so frustrating!!
I had the unfortunate opportunity to have dinner here once at this location. I ABSOLUTELY love Hibachi food and was really looking forward to having dinner here especially since so many people rave about it. I decided to host a holiday dinner here for an event and the company I work for. We arrived to the location with a group of 8 ladies. Dinner was going okay until it took us about 20 minutes to get our drinks. In addition, half the night we couldn't find our server and we constantly had to ask the other servers to bring us certain things to the table (napkins, water, a drink). This isn't really the part that bothers me though. I can understand that the place was busy and slammed. When we were first seated I made a notice that a 17% gratuity is added to the bill on parties of 11 or more. I was a bit confused because at the end of the night I realized there was a 17% gratuity added to our bill but our party was nowhere near 11 people. I then asked a server who wasn't our server to point me in the direction of a manager and she specifically said "wait because i'm busy and have to drop these drinks off at a table". I was appalled but waited until I was in contact with a manager.  When the manager came over I simply asked what the gratuity policy was. She said "oh, its something we are doing for the holidays. We just haven't gotten around to changing the menus yet..." and she walked away. I was bringing up the issue with the tip because we clearly were having bad service as a table. The manager failed to ask us if our night went okay or not. She just simply seemed uninterested. I now understood why the staff also seemed so easily not bothered by the chaos going on around them. I would also like to make note of a couple things. I had dinner here on the 6th of January of 2014. This is well over the holiday season and if the menu's were supposed to be changed then it seems that Edo's must have missed the mark. In addition, if they never got around to changing the policy on the menu's then when our party booked the reservation, someone should have made this clear to us prior to us being seated or confirmed this factor over the phone. I may sound like all I want to do is complain but I have my reasons. I myself am a waitress at a local bar near the area. And never in my 4 years of being involved in the food service industry have I been seen the treatment that went on here today. The entire night we had dirty napkins, plates, cups laying around our table. It got so bad that we had to start laying plates on the floor around us just so we could make some space for the table. I really normally don't ever like to leave bad reviews but I was appalled as to how we were treated. Especially by management. I never want to step foot in this establishment ever again. It's unfortunate because the food was actually decent but because of the terrible service I wouldn't bother.
This place doesnt surprise me.  Used to come here all the time and now i remember why i stopped.  The atmosphere is horrible & with rowdy, inconsiderate people.  They rush everyone & waiters don't even come around to ask if you need more drinks.  Its just an annoying experience.
The food is very good. Make reservations because it gets packed.
Para mi este es el mejor restaurante de New York
I just loooove their fried rice!! The bartender made me a strawberry pina colada..to die for! Oh yea, the food is good
good quality food and friendly service. somewhat aging decor and overall feel to the place. definitely time to spruce things up AND PLEASE introduce some SUSHI to your menu. there is so much opportunity to add SUSHI - since pelham palace is the only other "japanese" place and it sucks.
****Make a reservation!!!!! This location is always packed and it's super easy to just call ahead and avoid the long lines!!!! Always a great experience at Edo's - I have been going for years!   Food is great! If you are a fan of shrimp, you will love this place.   Huge portions! :) Really loud so I wouldn't recommend going on a first date here if you are trying to get to know someone. I have tried other hibachi places - including Benihana's- and nothing compares!!!! Imagine how I feel living in Florida now... Sigh
Place was packed on a Sunday night which is always a good sign. Had 6 o'clock reservations and was seated about 10 minutes later. Is that good?  I didn't mind the wait because I was with my lovely, adorable granddaughter. ( she gets five stars from me).  We were seated and promptly given menus.  Here is my question. Do you really have to place the menus that so many hands have touched (both clean, semi-clean and unclean) on the plate from which I am to have my meal?  Not a good idea from a hygienic perspective.  EDO management, you may want to rethink that. They offered us waters with or without lemon. Lemon, please.  Nice touch. We both ordered  the skirt steak medium rare. We started with the onion soup which had a flavorful broth followed by a fresh green salad with ginger dressing. So far so good. When the cook asked about how we wanted the steaks cooked we both emphatically chimed, "medium rare".  We also ordered the fried rice which cost $2.75 extra each. Ok I thought good fried rice is worth it.  They served us the usual shrimp appetizer which had a great flavor followed by veggies which consisted of onions, broccoli, zucchini. it was too dark in the place to discern anything else.  Before he sautéed the veggies he took a few raw sticks of zucchini and cut them up in bite size pieces. He then instructed each patron to open up their mouths in order of seating. Then, using his cooking spatula he shot the piece of raw zucchini into the first patron's direction. On the second try, it landed in the patron's  mouth.  Wow. We are being treated like walruses  how cool. It's great going out to dinner and being treated like animals at the zoo. When it was my granddaughter's turn. She caught the zucchini right in her mouth on the first toss. Does that mean my granddaughter is college material?  Will food catching be part of the entrance exam?  Perhaps a scholarship is in her future after all not everyone catches food tossed to them on the first try!!!  I was lucky that when it came to my turn he did what they call in baseball a lowball. So unless you were under the table you could not have caught this delicious morsel of food tossed at you. Perhaps I could bring my dog next time.  I think the food tossing is a bit degrading to patrons.  I think we could do without it. BTW, the veggies once cooked were good.  They also served noodles with a soy sauce mixture which were ok. A few scallions in there would have given them a nice crunch. I realize that the chef displaying his abilities with knives and the clanging of the  cooking utensils is part of the Presentation especially for kids, but i think you can skip the food toss.  And then for another surprise!!  A male doll that squirts water on you!!!!  The cook squirted patrons while saying "rain" in Japanese.  (Yes, my granddaughter understands some Japanese).  Glad I wasn't wearing silk. Gee how great. A doll that squirts water at you from its parts. I am sure the two year olds enjoy this. . The chef began cooking our steaks and I sat there anxiously as I saw that the meat was already medium rare. I signaled to him to take the meat off. Nope. He added some soy sauce mixture and continued to cook it.  I then voiced that our steaks were ready to be served. Then he added butter. Shoe leather I thought. That's what I am going to end up eating---Over cooked meat.  He put it on our plates and there they were-- pieces of medium to well steaks.  My granddaughter whispered "grandma don't say anything". And with that I ate my chewy, chewy, chewy, skirt steak in silence. I then tried the fried rice hoping that the fried rice would redeem the skirt steak fiasco. Nope less than average fried rice. So here you have it. a night out at EDO's where, BTW, there are NO JAPANESE PEOPLE eating. AND DID I LEAVE OUT THIS PART?  Every time they are going to sing happy birthday in Japanese to a person having a birthday, they ring a GONG which was directly behind my right ear and that signaled all the staff to come and sing. It must have been rung 12 times while I was eating. Just saying. I am NOT A GRINCH SO I WILL NOT object to the birthday gong. I will just make sure that when I go to a Japanese restaurant, I don't sit near or under the GONG!
If I am only to judge the food, hands down the best Hibachi I've ever had.  Everything from the soup to the entree was delicious...well, except for the fried rice.  I may get ridiculed for this, but I really didn't like it. My wife loved it, so I'll just call myself weird. As for the performance, to call it lackluster would be too kind.  The chef showed little to no enthusiasm.  His tricks were generic and he didn't even do all the standard tricks.  The majority of the cooking was done in silence with almost no audience interaction.  I was very disappointed and that is one of the reasons this place didn't get 4 stars. The service was excellent and friendly.  Orders came quickly and drinks were always refilled.  My only gripe is that it is very obvious they want you in and out.  It's as if they are watching you eat from afar and as soon as they see your plate empty they come running over.  i understand it's a business and turnover is important, but allowing the customer to eat at their own pace is also important.  My wife is a slow eater and she felt rushed. Overall, I gotta say this place ruined me for all other Hibachi.  However, I will never come here without a reservation and probably never on a weekend much after opening.  There was a freaking line waiting for the place to open.
Edo's is definitely the best hibachi restaurant in Westchester. The portions are decent, the decor is nice, the presentation is great, and the food is delicious. I recommend spending the few extra dollars for the hibachi filet mignon, it's the best.
This was the first time I had hibachi in the New York area and it was such a great experience. The chef that made our meal was super friendly and funny. And a great cook as well. He made everything according to what we wanted and did a great performance. We laughed and dined in a great atmosphere created by him. I loved how he started the performance. The stove exploded with fire. He also was extremely funny. He sang songs and related them to what he was doing. He also added some jokes (very appropriate) along the way. What I love the most was that they have all the chefs go to the table that was celebrating a special occasion to celebrate and sing with them. They rang a bell to let the chefs know when. It was something different from the restaurants. The food was delicious. I can't complain at all. I had the chicken and it was in teriyaki sauce and he added just enough teriyaki sauce. It was excellent. The soup was delicious. The salad was delicious. He also got us noodles. A great experience and great food.
Benihana what? This place is so much better!!! My food was amazing I had habachi chicken and rib-eye yumm-o and who doesn't like dinner when dessert is included?! Went Friday night at 9pm and we only had to wait 10-15mins to be seated no reservation! I can't wait to go back!!!
I agree with the other yelper, make sure you make a reservation on weekends! They are booked! I had a reservation at 9.30 and got seated at 10ish which is fine since they were super busy. The whole cooking process itself took close to two hours to finish. The food was amazing and the chef was so friendly! He had tons of funny jokes and kept all of us involved. The only thing is, by the time the main course comes out, you'll be full, trust me LOL. I sat with strangers and they ate everything during the first few rounds and ended up taking the entrees home haha luckily I have a huge appetite so I got the chance to try my food fresh and gosh, it was delicious! I got the combo entree full dinner deal with filet mignon and salmon, which came with a salad, soup, shrimp, veggies and rice! All for about 20ish dollars. Worth every penny! I wish I had the time to become a regular! Everyone has to go try it!!!
It's great for a different dining experience. I love dry humor.. So the recycled jokes the chefs use always seem hysterical to me. As he serves my food..." Careful!! It's hotter than your boiifrannddd" I usually go for the steak and shrimp combo and am never disappointed. The food is salty, coming from someone who loves salt. Those of you who shake the salt before tasting the food.. Good luck! My one complaint about this location is.... No sushi! A Japanese steak house and there is no sushi options for appetizers.?? But I guess if I wanted it bad enough I could drive 30 minutes to the other location. Either way its a nice place to go once in a while, not somewhere I eat often.
Love Edo's. Great bang for the buck here. For $23, you get a soup (more of a broth, but DELISH), salad, a shrimp appetizer, some noodles, a pile of veg, rice and beautifully cooked filet mignon and ice cream after. Fried rice is $2, and well worth it. The cooks know what they are doing, they do the same jokes again and again but have a cocktail and they'll be funny every time. Timing can be a real challenge in cooking, and the chefs know how to slice and dice up the meat so everyone's food gets served up at the same time. I've only had my filet overcooked once and I've been here dozens of times at this point.   People get kind've rowdy in here. It's pretty loud and if you want to talk to someone on the other side of the table, you will end up yelling. They bang a gong and sing a loud song for birthdays, then bring you a slice of cake (cheesecake I think?) on a buddha platter thing and take a photo of your group for a couple of bucks. It's a popular thing to do. I normally end up hearing the birthday song about 7 times during a meal. Really. The volume and the show make it a pretty good place to bring kids. The kids are occupied watching the cooks, and if your kid gets a little loud, nobody is going to notice or care. They also rubberband the chopsticks for kids (so they are easy to use) so that entertains them too. If you are rolling with a crew, you NEED reservations. If you are not, you don't. I normally go with just my husband and while we are sometimes told it'll be an hour wait, it's normally less than 30 minutes. We sit in the bar area and chill until it's time to eat filet at hamburger prices. I've been to Benihana and didn't have nearly as good a time.
Good food but they hassled us when they thought we didn't give a tip. Not cool. But they did take a last minute late reservation and we were the last ones there.
Very fun and interactive. Came here for a dinner party with friends and it was an amazing time. Good is cooked right in front of you. Just watch out for the lack seasoning.
This is my favorite place of all time! Great portion. Price is right. Funny cooks. Best hibachi restaurant ever!
Big Fan! Though it can get packed, we often op for earlier dinner times if on a weekend and usually have no problems if during the week. I would say I have been here at least 4 times in the last 6 months and never am I disappointed. Also it is very family friendly and even my young daughters love the show.
Last Saturday, my newly arrived family from the Dominican Republic accompanied me to this famed Pelham Restaurant for a "Mother's Day" treat.  After more than 20 years of patronizing this establishment, I wanted to share our American experience of gluttonous consumption.  This evening proved just that.  The only difference between my initial experience of twenty years ago and today was the replacement of sprouts for spaghetti (noodles). These noodles were left far too long on the grill and had a burnt taste of the sweet asian sauce on them. My guests found this restaurant entertaining as I, on the other hand, found the entertainment at the table mediocre. My daughter of 5 years old did get splattered with hot oil and became alarmed but not harmed much to the apology of the chef.. Our food was over salted. I even instructed the chef to go easy on the salt and he did. The service was as expected: Fast, smooth, methodical, and timed. We all had the ice cream at the end. Prior to receiving the check, the staff continuously attempted to remove our plates with food still left on it and our forks still in hand. Eyes kept peering at us from a faux wall near the soda station to assess the cadence of consumption in order to seat new guests. Edo's is Edo's. A fast moving and eating experience sitting in communal seats where food is usually an illusion of necessity and seating guests get prioritized over quality. Hypertensives stay away, Cholesterol mongers welcome.
Greatest place to have a birthday! ...Seriously, they have great food! I definitely need to go back there. The service is great, friendly, and always on point when I go. I definitely recommend the food & service. much better than most restaurants. Good old classic in Pelham Manor! Head back or check it out!
The staff here is always very happy and eager to please the customers. The food is fresh, cooked well & the portions are tremendous. The chefs are entertaining and are talented. Although the food is of great quality and taste, the prices are still affordable! Also, their alcoholic drinks taste good and have a good kick to them. I would recommend this place hands down to anyone, any day!
