First, before I get into the food, I have to say Alvin Clayton is a wonderful host.  Its like having dinner at your friends' home. He goes out of his way to make you feel welcomed.  He is to New Rochelle what MARCUS SAMUELSSON is to Harlem. Now the food.....it is a wonderful fusion of Caribbean and Southern cuisine.  This is not an easy feat, while still trying to remain authentic to the culture.  My husband had the oxtail which was tender and bursting with flavor...almost as good as mine (wink).  My salmon was perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned and moist.   Do not miss the opportunity of having his perfectly blended Rum Punch, and the dark and Stormy is in our top 3 (we drink a lot of Dark and Stormy's). It was over all a great place to celebrate my husband's birthday.
I visited Alvin & Friends for the first time yesterday and it certainly will not be my last!  From the moment I entered the beautifully appointed dining room, replete with colorful and striking artwork, I was bewitched.  The pleasant sounds of a live Jazz band provided perfect tone-setting and festive background. But I suppose you're curious about the food as well.  I am happy to report that I had the chicken and waffles and it was roll my eyes to the back of my head delicious!  The chicken was a combination of crispy and moist in all the right places.  The waffles were somehow dense and fluffy at the same time and complemented the chicken perfectly. And as everyone else has said, Alvin himself makes you feel as if you are the most important guest he's had, perhaps ever!  When he greets you, be prepared to find yourself agog.....feeling as if you've seen him on a magazine cover, or a billboard, or the side of a bus....turns out, you have.
Awesome place, very friendly staff, and Avin him self will come and salute you for Visiting his place. The food it's amazing, the duck, the pasta, the wings and the friendly bartenders do really make you feel like home.
What has happened to the fried chicken?  The first time I ever went to Alvin & Friends the friend chicken was outstanding - so moist, light & flavorful I couldn't believe it.  The last 3 times I've been there it has been a great disappointment.  It's just not that good - sometimes pretty dry.  What's happening here? I noticed a difference in the chicken about 1 year ago.  Just not juicy, light & moist as it used to be.
Their fried western famous chicken with Mac & cheese (which has three cheeses) was amazing! The music is great jazz. And the owner comes personally to you to greet you. That was the highlight of the night. Their famous Rum drink is good if u want something light and refreshing but it's more sweet than anything else's. I would definitely recommend this place for family and friends. I loved the decorations. Great for parties and get togethers.
This place was good. And for New Rochelle? This place was absolutely fantastic. We visited Alvin and friends on a tuesday for my girlfriends birthday. It was an interesting ambiance, very open and airy which I liked. There was an abundance of artwork all done by the same artist so I am assuming either one of Alvin's friends ( no pun intended) or a local artist. Overall, the vibe was southern plantation like. Cornbread was served for the table which I thought was a nice touch. I had the ox-tail stew which was delicious. It was served on a bed of rice and peas and had some type of seasoned cabbage on top. Granted, this was the first time I had ox-tail, however the meat was falling off the bone and was flavored to the 10th power. I also had a side of smoked mac n cheese which certainly ranks in my top 5 mac n cheeses. My girlfriend and her mother both had the fried chicken which they both agreed was among the best they have ever sampled. We skipped desert, though the coconut cheesecake is still on my mind. Service was impeccable and everyone serving us was extremely nice and well mannered. ( Just as important as the taste of the food IMHO). A tip to Alivin as I see he reads most of these reviews, spring for some better takeout containers! Ours leaked all over the floor before we left.   Will def return.
I can't believe it's been literally a year and 7 days since my last visit, but Alvin immediately greeted my friends and I with that familiarity he and I established on my first visit. I'm glad to see the restaurant has remained consistently busy...and GOOD. The dishes were better than the next. Although I swore I'd order the Oxtail in my last review, I chose Shrimp and Grits on this summery night. My friends, visiting from DC, were thoroughly impressed by the decor, the food, and the service. I knew this was the perfect spot to show what Westchester has to offer! Please note I didn't photograph the Calamari appetizer nor our desserts. Our fingers were busy using forks instead of cameras :)
I was planning something for my best friends birthday and needed something convenient for her mother and mother in law who both live in Mt. Vernon. I found Alvin & Friends from a Google Search and glad I did...This place is FANTASTIC! Visited 8/2...Party of 8... We were seated immediately to their "private" room used for larger parties which was nice because we were the only ones there for about 1hour or so...We loved the intimate feel and had a chance to converse and laugh without being "too" loud, although we weren't, lol. The Jazz, the Artwork, the dimmed lighting was beyond Classy and Intimate, Beautiful Ambience! And the vibe and energy was REALLY good! The menu selection is perfect, not too many choices but just enough for variety. Between our party, we order almost everything on the menu...And EVERYONE was pleased! The food was EXCELLENT...Jose was our Primary server although others were assisting and ALL of them were very Attentive. We were checked on by Gwen (manager maybe) and Alvin came over, not once but twice to make sure we were okay. Very personable and super humble..Very Nice! Crab Cake-Very good, NO FLUFF, seasoned well with Escovitch flavored veggies on top for the Caribbean Flavor, PERFECT! Jerk Wings-Authentic Jerk, Seasoned Well...If your not a fan of the "JERK", you may want to pass. These are Spicy/Hot and Delicious! BBQ Wings- Not sure what's in the BBQ Sauce but all I can say is...Finger Licking Yummy...My personal favorite! Curry Spring Rolls-Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! Nothing else to say! Sweet Potatoes Wedges-Very good, these can alway be a hit or miss...Alvin and Friends hit a home run...Delicious!   Fried Catfish, Collard Greens and Mac&Cheese... Catfish Perfect, seasoned well, wasn't too "salty" and the remoulade sauce was Oh My...GOOD! Collard Greens, better than I expected (in a good way)very welled seasoned with Smoked Turkey, GREAT! Mac Cheese, not so good, looked like it was kraft out the box. Not a fan at all... Oxtails- Delicious, PERIOD! My best friend ordered this entree and I was eating from her plate, thank goodness we had enough food between us all because I would have eaten it all, lol...Ordering this next time! Fried Chicken, Shrimp and Grits, Jerk Tuna Salad, Curry Crab Chowder was ordered from others and everyone was Satisfied with their choices...I didn't taste any but my friends are foodies and if they weren't completely satisfied, they would have expressed that. Oh yeah, the Corn Muffins are Off the Hook! We already have plans on going back in a few weeks and Oxtails will be on my mind...
I love this place! The ceilings are high and my family and I got a table under a skylight which was absolutely lovely. I felt that our server, a young woman, was also very genuine and attentive. The food was perfectly seasoned and the portion sizes are just right. I definitely suggest everyone taste their Mac and Cheese. Some of the best I have ever had.
On the recommendation of a co-worker I took my mom here for lunch today and it was all that she said it was. We both ordered the fried chicken with the greens and mac & cheese the chicken was crispy and juicy and the greens were also quite good. Neither one of us really cared for the mac & cheese ( not that it wasn't tasty ) just not our taste. They also gave us a bowl of curry crab soup which was really good and I generally don't like anything curry! The owner came over to the table and introduced himself and was really pleasant. The rest of the staff were attentive and very nice. I can't wait to return for dinner one day because I want to try the shrimp and grits. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. I had to come back to this review because when I went to get my leftovers out if the take away bag there was a slice of coco cheesecake inside and all I can say is "OMG so good" Thank you. PS. Love the owners art work that's on the wall.
First time here last night n it was excellent! Alvin himself was walking around the restaurant greeting customers and casual talks. I ordered the seafood Creole linguine, it was ok but the Creole sauce could've been better. My sister ordered the jerk duck with was absolutely delicious. It came with a side of path plaintains which were too sweet for our liking but it was good nonetheless. We both had rum punch it was great. They sent over a free bowl of she crab soup n just thinking of that soup has my mouth watering.  For dessert we had the red velvet bread pudding. I'm not a fan of bread pudding but it was delicious. Then the staff was giving out cupcakes (free). They got me hooked!! Beautiful ambiance. We arrived at 10pm n there was a live band still playing music. Great location. I'll definitely be back!!
Two words:  rum punch.  Two more words:  fried chicken.   Great atmosphere and even nicer staff.  The creole shrimp and duck are cant miss.  We didnt try the desserts but they looked fun with a Caribbean style.  Next time.
Came here to celebrate my fiancé birthday, as soon as I walked out of the parking lot I knew I was in paradise.  When we waked in the place was so spacious and beautiful full of life , Alvin's gorgeous paintings added a vibrant texture to the restaurant. I ordered the jerk chicken with waffles it was so delicious the jerk had a little kick, but you still taste the flavor. Fiancé ordered fried chicken with collards and mack and cheese, it was off the hook!!  chicken was hot and crispy , mac and cheese was creamy and tasty. The rum punch was awesome! as well as the coconut martini. Alvin himself came over to chat with us a what a great down to earth person he was. Thank you Alvin for your hospitality and awesomeness! We fell in love with your restaurant and will be coming back real soon.
This was our 2nd Alvin experience. The last visit was good enough to try again, but I found this past visit just enough "off" that I think I'm going to put this restaurant on the side for now. While we enjoyed our meal, we simply found too much inconsistency in what was good and what was just okay. The four of us tried four appetizers and four entrees; my wife enjoyed her dish, I thought mine was just okay, and our friends had a similar experience. Service also missed some beats. The restaurant was busy, but no more than one would expect on a Saturday night. We asked for bread about five too many times, and ended up receiving it long after appetizers were served. My wine (by the glass) came late, and we frequently were looking for water refills. On the plus side, Alvin walks around and greets the customers. He is certainly very welcoming and friendly. And the live music Saturday night is a nice plus (HINT ... sit toward the back to hear the music AND your dinner conversation). Overall, Alvin and Friends has a diverse and interesting menu but execution is inconsistent in both the food and service departments.
On a nice day, the front of the restaurant opens up and spills into an outdoor patio. Great ambience! Everyone is friendly and the food is flavorful and delish. Definitely worth a visit.
First time going to Alvin & Friends - for a friends birthday on a Saturday night...  I admired the overall vibe of the place, was very clean, staff was polite, live band was cool.  I loved the decor, the paintings caught my attention in a good way.  After my experience I decided to look up the background of the owner, Alvin Clayton, out of curiosity, and was able to find out about his journey and learned he actually did his paintings! Ok so back to my visit...  Went with a party of 15 people - started out with appetizers: 2 platters of BBQ Chicken wasn't bad; 1 platter of Oxtail spring rolls which i was anticipating to be great but they were so-so, the meat wasn't as tender as I hopped, and I would've preferred a different type of dipping sauce (I may seem picky but I am a foodie, and crazy about sauce lol); also had 1 platter of mini crab cakes (the size of meatballs) which were good, accompanied by a great dipping sauce (I think creole).   For my main course I was going back and fort between ordering the shrimp & grits (although I really don't eat grits) or the fried catfish --- I too a chance and went with the shrimp & grits and was highly pleased!  The creole sauce was amazing (my friend was even using my plate to dip her fried chicken lol smh), and I was so happy to see spinach on the plate.  I was also able to try the Mac & Cheese which was good, I like the smokey flavor and the breadcrumbs, however it could've used a little more moisture, was a little dry.   During the course Mr. Alvin did walk around, came to out table after we were seating and during our dinner to make sure everything was good; he even gave us a goodnight before he left. What caused me to give less stars than I wanted was the bill!  Now the average price for appetizers ranged from $9-$13, which is normal, and the entree prices ranged from $23-$32, which is not bad at all...  So for 15 people our bill was $1,260 -- which equated to $84 per person!   It was definitely not cool in my book that we were charged $75 for each platter of appetizers, which didn't even contain a good amount of food.   For $84 I literally had 1 chicken wing, 2 mini crab cakes, half of an oxtail spring roll, a glass of punch ($12) and shrimp & grits ($23).  As much as I loved the experience, I did not love the bill - I have been to restaurants more expensive and have not spent as much money.
Came back for dinner and had a great time. Dinner is definitely more pricey and range around $23 - $35. I tried the Alvin Rum Punch ($12) and absolutely loved it. I will definitely order it again when I return. I also tried the ginger creme brulee ($9) and liked it a lot...even though I am not a huge fan of the ginger flavor. Now, only if I could find a time to return and try its brunch menu...will be sure to drop another review when I do.
Went there last night and is now my new favorite place in Westchester. We walked in and were met by the owner, an absolute gentlemen. There was live jazz music playing, beautiful artwork all around and a friendly and knowledgable staff. We ordered fried calamari with bananas and peanuts, oxtail spring rolls for appetizers which were both amazing. For entree we had fried cat fish with grits and my wife had petit filet mignon. Everything was awesome included the bartender doing an Accapella of somewhere over the rainbow in which she received a standing O. Overall excellent place with amazing food!!!
Went here recently at the recommendation of my aunt and uncle, who do care about good food. To put it bluntly, the meal was a disappointment. The food ranged from mediocre to sub par, and the service was really rough. Crab Cake - Bland and mostly filler. It was brought after the table had received their entrées, because they had simply forgotten somebody's. Not "Oh, it'll be out in a minute," but just plain forgot about. Calamari Salad - One of the better things they served. Plentiful and flavorful. The calamari tasted fresh. Fried Oysters - Not particularly good. And there were only 4, despite the table being 5 people. For thirteen bucks, they could have probably given us one more. Creole Salmon Ceviche - Strangely big pieces. Under seasoned. Not that great. Not served with crackers or bread or anything for the juice. Creole Seafood Linguini - This was the item they forgot. And somehow when it came out, the linguini was overcooked to the point it was nearly mushy. New Smoked and Braised Lamb Shank - Looked really pretty, but lacked lamb flavor. I wanted smokey, I wanted flavor. I didn't get it. The waiter wasn't particularly great. I asked him what kind of scotches the bar had, and he didn't know. He also didn't tell one of my dining companions that they were out of the Sauteed Garlic Spinach. Maybe he was hoping that nobody would notice? Well, we noticed. And then he replaced it with grilled zucchini, which wasn't particularly good.
Came for lunch since friends have been raving about Alvin's since it opened- They were so right! I had the catfish po'boy and my daughter had the crabcake- both fresh-tasting, moist and absolutely delicious! Sangria was excellent, and the warm corn muffins were addictive- we polished off the whole basket in the blink of an eye.   The restaurant is stunning- obsessed with the rope and iron chandeliers. The colorful paintings lining the walls warm up the space and give it a vacation feeling- all done by Alvin himself! Impressive!   Service was excellent- our glasses were never empty and our waiter was friendly and attentive.  Alvin greeted us warmly as he did all his diners- his charm and infectious smile make you feel like you've been coming to Alvin's for years...can't wait to come back for dinner!
A friend invited me to lunch here for my birthday and it was such a surprise how good the food was! I have lived in Westchester County for years and never knew about this restaurant. It has indoor/outdoor seating and great music playing. The owner walks around and greets all the diners, so you feel right at home. Great place, great food, will be visiting again!
The atmosphere of the place is great.  It's very modern/trendy feeling and they have live music on certain nights.  We came in on a rainy weekday so the restaurant was relatively empty. They seated us in a more desirable area of the restaurant and we enjoyed the views.  The rum punch here was pretty good, but has some room for improvement.  My wife went with the fried chicken entree and I had the jerk duck breast. Both of which were good, but not amazing.  If I ever come back here, it will be strictly for the small plates and the drinks.
I came for a private party dinner and everything was so tasteful. Everything from appetizers to the desserts. Would definitely come back again
Great food, although service was a little slow (the waiter stated that he was the only one working that night) the quality of the food and the ambience made up for the delay. The owner was pleasant and personally greeted customers. I'll defiantly return. Tip: the shrimp and grits were awesome!
I can't not give this place five stars. I went for brunch during the street fair for New Rochelle's 325th anniversary and it was great. We sat outside under an umbrella and watched the fair goers, which set a nice mood. The staff was very friendly and refilled water frequently and the pre meal bread is a basket of corn muffins which are adorable and delicious. I had the catfish strips with grits and creole sauce. Everything was so good. The strips were juicy and the grits were warm and flavorful. I wish I had room for dessert because I'm sure the desserts are just as tasty. Also for $25 you can get brunch with unlimited refills of a Bloody Mary, mimosa or lemonade. The lemonade is so fresh tasting, like it was just hand squeezed and it's not too sugary. The inside is large and reminds me of a southern mansion of sorts. It's big, clean, inviting, is covered beautiful paintings, and just feels comfortable  There is a lot of room in the back that looks like it could be used for parties. I can't wait to go back.
For those who vibe on a melange of upscale and down-home, I suggest a visit to Alvin & Friends. We paid a visit on a Friday evening to hear some live jazz from local chanteuse Glenda Davenport. The atmosphere featuring Alvin's original artwork is comfy, contemporary chic. The food was quite good. I can't say enough about the Surf and Turf appetizer of braised oxtail, shrimp, potato salad and kale. They also know how to make an impressive dirty martini, no mean feat. The staff could use a little more guidance in terms of getting the food/drinks to the table in an orderly manner and putting on their listening ears regarding requests. I asked that my appetizer arrive with the entrees, it arrived one course too early and then there was a bit of helicoptering as multiple staffers tried to grab my plate each time I put my fork down. Coconut cheesecake and a table-side visit from the affable Alvin ended the evening on a sweet note. I greatly anticipate my next visit.
Checked out the new location and really liked what they had done to the place, though I  hadn't gotten a chance to eat at his other place.     As for the food, we started with the seafood wontons, which seemed to have more skin than meat.  However, the fried chicken was very good and the collard greens had a nice seasoning to it and the mac n cheese was nicely baked on top.  The slow-braised oxtail was very tasty and if you can appreciate the texture of oxtail, then this is definitely the dish to order.   As for the service, it was ok.  Our waiter was enthusiastic, making me feel a little rushed which I didn't understand since it was a Wed. night and the restaurant wasn't that busy.  Not sure if that was because he was inexperienced or wanted to leave.  Because of that I decided not to order dessert.  On the flip side, we did get to talk to Alvin and really enjoyed talking to him.  The artwork was all done by the owner and has a casual atmosphere.
HEY ALVIN, WHERE'S THE CHIPMUNK'S Row's of nice and colorful picture's. But mounted so close together and being so similar, without some complimenting contrast, it all turn's into one long blur. Lunch menu, confusingly left side brunch, Items that you want, but as explained by staff cant order. It's not Sunday? Right side all entrees but NO appetizer's. Doesn't Alvin wanna make money? How can I come back with others for a meeting. Can they sit there for a hour and half with one course. No. Owners (I guess) First a male came by to acknowledge me and say enjoy your meal, later a female came to ask if all well. To Me this Mean's a lot . A basket filled with a large ramekin of  butter for two tiny, sad pieces of (something) Just some real cornbread (not sweet) would of made my day. Finished my good soup, the only special. Crab in a light flavored curry. Placed on the table my fried Chicken ( dark meat ) and sides. Expecting a leg and a thigh, but unusually no leg, but two thigh's. One piece colored perfect and one piece much darker with a skin that crumble's at touch. WHY?  We're they not fried together? Finishing my pineapple upside down cake, and then the I Phone reminder, time to put money in the meter.  WAITRESS QUICK, THE CHECK........
Friday after work dinner was amazing. Fantastic service, great drinks, and delicious food. I recommend the firecracker shrimp, Parmesan grits, and candied yams. Best soul food I've has in years.  Highly recommend. Alvin came and introduced himself to us.  Lovely!
Excellent food! The staff is very friendly... The live music on Saturday really set the mood for a wonderful evening... I ordered the roasted chicken with Mac and cheese.. Cooked very well... Jus wish there was better parking... The meter was running out....
Tonight was my first time at Alvin and Friends and it  won't be my last. The food was delicious, the decor was lovely, the service was attentive. But the personal attention to each diner by Alvin is what most restaurants lack. You clearly feel that they want each patron to know that they want your experience to be perfect. I highly recommend starting with the Curry Chowder or the Fried Oysters. The Fried Chicken was so tender and crunchy and the Creole Shrimp Linguini was delicious. The decor is gorgeous. There's a reason Zagat rated them 26,26,26. I highly recommend a visit to to Alvin and Friends to experience how a restaurant is doing it right. Can't wait to return. Bravo Alvin!
Wish there were 10 stars available!  The ambiance is perfect and Alvin is a wonderful host.  He gave us lots of personal attention as did all the staff.  The service was top notch.  We started with a rum punch.  Trust me, there's a reason it's their signature drink and it's a must for anyone who goes there.  We had a large array of appetizers and each was better than the next. The duck for the main course was simply amazing and the red velvet cake for dessert was heaven.  I can't remember a more enjoyable and delicious dining experience from start to finish. I don't rave about a lot of places but this one is just that good...
Decided I had to try this place based on all the raves here and other local media.  We went on a Sunday afternoon to avoid the crowds.  It is a lovely place with a lot of colorful, pretty darn good artwork on the walls, apparently mostly by Alvin.  I would imagine it could get noisy when the place gets packed. Of course first time there I had to try the fried chicken.  Bottom line: it's good, very good for restaurant chicken - comparing favorably to Sylvia's or even Amy Ruth's IMO, but not perfect.  For me, you still can't beat the Amish in PA for fried chicken and in Westchester I'd still have to vote for my Mom to edge out Alvin. Still it is very good & worth the trip.  The service is friendly & helpful and the side dishes were familiar but just different enough to be fun. I'll be back.
I thought the food and service was excellent. The Mac and Cheese is amazing. The fried chicken is also very well cooked and seasoned. Appetizers all very good. And dessert was spot on. Would definitely recommend this place. Only reason it's not 5 star is because it's a bit pricey. Probably a 1 time a month kinda place because of price  (I live nearby).
Every once in a while you pass a place and then do a quick about face and walk in and find a gem - this was my experience with Alvin & Friends. Great vibe - clean - crisp lines - love the artwork on the walls and the owner was personable and greeted us with interest.  Quick drink at the bar and listened to some quality jazz before sitting down in comfort for a good meal. Service was good and the food better than average to match the price.  Really interesting twists.  Really plentiful and really good. The best part of this place is the story - and the story abounds.  It makes the food better.  Look around and take in the story. Looking forward to a brunch there and many more enjoyable visits.
The corn muffins they serve are warm and amazing. Alvin, the owner came by introduced himself and shook hands with guests, the servers were all very efficient and responsive, warm and welcoming. Nothing else quite measured up. Both drinks and food were a big disappointment. The thought that crossed my mind as I tried to get through dinner was that the chef couldn't possibly eat what he serves. I ordered the fried chicken, if not the worst I've ever tasted, definitely close. The collard greens that accompanied it were actually tasty but for the occasional sand like texture grinding against my teeth. The Mac & cheese that came with it, I can definitely say was the worst ever. Tasted burnt with way more salt than humanly palatable. My husband had the salmon, that was decent. As for the drinks, note to the bartender- there is a glass for every drink, they are not supposed to be inter-changeable. You know something is terribly wrong when you repeat a drink and it shows up in a different kind of glass, neither of the 2 suited for the drink. Salt rimming a glass is also so much easier with the right glass. Cocktails have measured ingredients that make them what they are, over pouring, mixing instead of shaking will show in appearance and does actually taste different. The chef redeemed themselves somewhat with the dessert. We shared a dessert to be safe, the apple and peach cobbler, it was fresh, warm and tasty, personally I prefer a little less generous helping of cinnamon. On the bright side, the ambience is clean, cosy and friendly, there is a live band playing. Very interesting light fixtures both at the bar and in the dining area.  anyone paying attention...bulb need replacing.
I must admit that when I first went to this establishment, I was convinced that this  was TRULY a gem in New Rochelle.  The food was great and the cozy ambiance was great.  Alvin is AWESOME.  He remembered us and greeted us like he does with all of his other guests.   However, by the 3rd or 4th time we went there... and tried the different dishes... we realized that the food was overpriced and only average.  The portions are also pretty small (and we have relatively small appetites). Honestly, its not Manhattan and $25-$35 entrees are not called for in New Rochelle.  Neither are the $9-$12 wines by the glass. Catfish- Great. Fried chicken - Average (at best) Mac n cheese and other sides - Average Portions - Small Bottom line,   Awesome service, Average food, Above average ambiance for New Rochelle Overpriced.   Alvin, we love you buddy, but I can only give it a 3/5.
We just moved to the area from brooklyn so we are a bit of dining snobs, when it comes to dining options.  So our first night in new rochelle, we dined here and were very impressed! I had the salmon dish and my boyfriend had the fried chicken.  Both dishes were exceptional, well prepared, very fresh and and served hot. To add a nice touch to our dining experience, as our food arrived, the owner stopped by our table to let us know to to personally ask him if we need anything........that's when we knew we were in a quality establishment.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Took Mom here for Mother's Day brunch and everything on the menu looked good. Alvin remembers when you've been here before & welcomes you back with the warmest of smiles and hugs. Raymond is a gifted chef and puts his passion into every morsel of food. Service can be a bit confused, but they are helpful and quick to rectify any of your concerns. Parents had the grilled catfish, eggs and fried kale (plates were cleaned, but Dad didn't like the new aged kale- I ate it). I had the Jerk shrimp, with peppers ad onions over grits. It was spicy and awesome!! We got unlimited bloody mary's or mermosas for $15 (great deal especially if you like a few/ some cocktails with your meal). The Bloody Mary's are potent and spicy- great brunch to celebrate Mom! If you come here on a regular night you have to order Alvin's special Rum Punch! It has layers of flavors and you better not plan to drive if you have more than 2. Always great!!
UPDATE: As expected, this place delivers on all counts at its new location on Memorial Hwy! If i could give this place 10 stars I would. Food is some of the best I have ever had in all of New York, Alvin is probably the nicest owner out there, and the ambiance, bar, and live jazz music makes this restaurant the perfect place to bring a date before a movie. I can't emphasize enough how great this restaurant is for downtown New Rochelle. Thank you ALVIN!!! Old Review: This place is probably the best quality you will find here in New Rochelle. I mean, Top-Chef Quality! Alvin, if you are reading this review...HERES A TIP... you should definitely figure out a way to provide OUTDOOR seating in front of your new location on Memorial Hwy. It would add a ton of much need style and class to downtown New Rochelle....not to mention, it would probably bring you in more customers on those warm summer days and nights.
What Do you get when you take 1 part Soul 1 Part Caribbean and 1 Part Southern Cooking? Alvin and Friends I Have Been There a Few Times and now It is in my regular rotation of Go to Places. The Fried Chicken is Fantastic No Doubt Winchester Magazine was Right for sure get the Sizzling Kale and the Munchers on the Side. But I Everything on the Menu Is Great In fact the Real Sleeper on the Menu Is the Jerk Rubbed Duck Breast Juicy Jerky and Just Good I think its Better Than the Chicken Myself and Save Room For Dessert The White Chocolate Red Velvet Bread Pudding steals the Show at the End. Drink Menu is also a winner The Rum Punch Makes you Feel Like The Caribbean is 30 Feet away. on A Side Note if you don't know what to Try first Go on Tuesdays for Caribbean Night Fixed Price Menu I think $25 a person but don't quote me but for about $25 a head you get 3 proteins like fish or meat or Poultry and 2 or 3 side all on 1 big Plate All with a Caribbean Theme or style to them its a great Value for an off Night.
Alvin & Friends brings some soul into the Westchester restaurant scene.  The owner was just wonderful and the ambiance is cozy yet elegant.  The owner's art is on display on the restaurant's walls, adding lots of color and depth to an otherwise more muted and refined setting.   As for the food, some of the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  Perhaps THE best!  The collard greens were amazing as well.  We also enjoyed the fried chicken and the salmon.  For dessert, we had the red velvet bread pudding, definitely a spin on a traditional southern dessert, and it was great!   Not really a place for the lightest meal, but I was told that the offerings would be lighter for spring and summer. In sum, this is a place where innovative, Southern cuisine is served up with a welcoming staff in a beautiful setting.   I will be back for more!
I gave this place 3 stars because the food is incredible but the service is awful. I've been here several times and have tried various drinks and entrees. My personal favorites are the rack of lamb and the coconut martini. Alvin is a sweetheart and comes around to the table to greet everyone which is nice. The place is plastered in paintings of his family which gives the place a homey vibe. It just takes forever for the food to come out even when the place is empty. I might order for pickup in the future but I would never dine here again due to that reason alone.
Service is still very spotty, I'd give them 3.5 stars. Our cocktails arrived halfway into the meal. They should make note when you make your reservations for a Tuesday night that its a limited/ special menu. Our party of 6 was subjected to a more Caribbean influenced menu for a birthday party. Suffice it to say, I have nothing against Caribbean food, but we were expecting Alvin to serve his regular menu that evening. Of course, Alvin was as gracious and friendly as usual.
The ambiance is great!!! Live pianist, beautiful paintings and very friendly wait staff. Problem 1. We sat down at 4:30 and didn't get our food until 5:55.  Perhaps that would be something to get over but I can't say the food was worth the wait. We came on Mother's Day with a family of 6 adults and 3 children so we shared our meals. 2.After a 1 hr  wait, our food was not sizzling hot but lukewarm. I will say I the tried duck and it was excellent. Unfortunately I'm tempted to believe it was a freak accident as I was the only one who found their food acceptable. 3. Yams were a tad hard, starter of chicken wings seemed to have been made by an amateur (literally I've had better frozen wings) I have to say the customer service was great and after seeing our faces wanted to make it right.  In conclusion, I'll say this. Taste of food is subjective however the fact is our food was late in coming out and was not warm. Conversely the ambiance and music have a feel of sophistication. So I'd say if you're looking to impress maybe not,but it's not a terrible place.
I was taken here for my birthday a few months back. Service was slow,-it was a busy Saturday night. The wings were awesome. Entree portions were small. Great ambiance and the owner was friendly.
We've been trying to get here for the past year with our friends and were very excited to end the summer with A&F. The food is full of flavor and presented in a very energetic atmosphere.  I agree with the majority of the 5star yelp reader reviews below plus I'll give you my summary based on what we experienced too. -our waiter was great and always attentive.  You know a good staff when another waiter will swing by and have a genuine look of care for the place. -DRINKS = top-notch and came quickly -APPS/DINNER: great and portions were plenty.  We ordered - wings, caprese, caser, 2x steak and 2x fried chicken. -SIDES: For me, the stand outs were the sizzled KALE and mac-n-cheese -DESERT: red velvet bread pudding & chocolate cake Besides the menu, two things to note The first thing we noticed was the well crafted cocktail menu of martinis and specialty drinks. It was printed on a separate paper so you know they put some thought into drinks which always scores high on my chart and it's where I'll usually do my drink ordering for the night.  I think I tried every specialty drink they had and each hit was a perfect mixture of booze and fun that a cocktail should bring at place like Alvin & Friends. Second, Alvin works the room with a huge smile which makes everyone feel welcome in his restaurant.  It's a very nice touch and I personally like it.  He spent a few minutes talking with us and some quick laughs.  What he seems to realize quickly, is how little effort this must take to go over and thank a few strangers who have come into his "home," to share his food and drinks and how BIG the impact will be for the future of his establishment.  More and more owners should do this; take a genuine interest in what their patrons are experiencing.  I'm sure there are tons of issues going on with restaurant at the moment but Alvin is out in front making sure everyone is happy and enjoying their moment in his little heaven of New Rochelle. This place is class all the way and had a great time with some great friends. We'll be back soon and hopefully they'll get some cornbread in those baskets!
I ve visited this restaurant on more than one occasion and every time the food was good. The menu prices are a bit pricy and the space is slightly small but the ambience and the food are good.
My wife had a thirst for fried chicken last week. Looked on Yelp and elsewhere and found that Alvin & Friends was rated best fried chicken in Westchester County. This is a time when the reviews were spot on. We met Alvin and he is truly a gracious person who runs a wonderful place. All the art work on the walls were done by him. The service was excellent and the place is a gem. Highly recommended if you don't believe that KFC is the place to go for fried chicken, then come here. It's crispy and tasty and not to be missed.
The food is great. My husband had the oxtail which fell right off the bone with great flavor. The fried chicken has a great flavor and was very moist. The Mac n cheese was great. The kitchen was backed up and we had to wait extra time but the live music really compensated for it. The owners were attentive and extremely accommodating. First soul food experience and we will definitely come again!
Alvin and Friends is by far , one of the best restaurants in Westchester. Do yourself a favor and try it! The new location is fantastic, ambiance is superb and for all those folks missing Manhattan, you will feel right at home here. The community table is my favorite place but I am sure once they put tables outside, that will become my new favorite place to dine, hang out with old friends, make some new ones,  or sit and read a book and sip a glass of , ice cold island rum punch. The fried oysters, chicken wings and the duck are my favorite menu items, but the Pineapple upside down cake is one of the best desserts I've ever had!
Their weekday lunch specials are value for the money (less than $15 per person).    Other than that I feel like food is a bit overpriced.  My family went here for Fathers day and was so disappointed spending $30 each person for brunch with not a lot of food to choose from. But the new location is beautiful.  I would love to come back but only for weekday lunch.  I love the fried chicken, the corn muffins and the greens!
Phenomenal! We had reservations for 6:15 made in open table.  We were seated as the restaurant was empty at that time.  More people filled it up later.  We had the fried green tomato, which was delicious.  I had the oxtail, which were enormous and incredible! Very flavorful.  Hubby's catfish was fantastic.  I highly recommend the apple shortbread with the powdered sugar. Yummy.  The decor was lovely as was the ambiance.  We are definitely returning here. Close to home, you can't beat it.
My family and I were talking about Alvin and Friends and we've come to the conclusion that there are limited, multicultural restaurants in New York with cuisine leaning more towards the afro-carib palate. We have soul food restaurants and Caribbean centered bistros, but we never had elegance and harmony on the tongue, until... Alvin and Friends Restaurant. I have never been to a restaurant where despite my knowing it is a business, I was not made to feel like a customer. The staff gives off an aura as if they want to be there and they are glad you came. Their cheerful greeting is genuine, almost so real you feel like family. The mood is right, the lighting is right, not like most restaurants where the light shines bright at the entrance giving everyone five seconds of unwanted fame; you come in under the moon light in mid-day. You're escorted as opposed to pointed to your table. Your waiter doesn't keep you waiting before introducing him/herself, soon there is fresh water and basket of the most tasty mini-cornbread that will make you think twice about your own "momma's bread." It is cozy and intimate for two but just as festive for groups and family functions. What I love best about this restaurant goes beyond the Art on the walls, the music in my ear, the taste on my tongue but unity of people, great food, good company and sometimes the nuances just disappear, that's one reason I will keep coming back. If you are a part of a festive group or a family function, as I was on February 1, 2014 celebrating my mother's 70th birthday. I must say that Alvin & Friends, not to mention their staff went over and beyond exceptional service, to ensure that it will be a night my mother and all whom were in attendance will long remember. * The food and dining staff were courteous. * The entertainment we provided; was embraced and accommodated. * The food quality was great, if not great beyond magnificent. Alvin and Friends Restaurants proves that a restaurant does not have to be on Madison or Park Avenue to be a 5 Star, come to New Rochelle. The Service was timely and efficient, ample time between appetizers, main course, desserts. Everything was civil, we booked a certain time and when it was near departure, no one came to tell us at the last minute to get out. We were properly reminded and with the help of the staff gradually transitioned.   Gwen and Alvin, we thank you for all that you and your staff have done to make the event a success. My mom is still on cloud 9 :-)  Well done! I highly recommend Alvin and Friends Restaurant
We thought this restaurant was a great find in the heart of New Rochelle business district.  The staff couldn't be nicer, they were very professional.  The place has plenty of tables with a nice bar area.  We went there for dinner, and had the following: Shrimp &  Grits, the Grits were creamy parmesan with sautéed shrimp and seasonal vegetables which we thought was delicious tasting.  The Westchester Best Fried Chicken was good, however I am not sure they are the Best in Westchester, the Macaroni & Cheese side was just ok, it was a little dry and the cooked greens were tasteless.....I was sorry I didn't order the Shrimp & Grits.   The Crispy Fried Catfish that my friend had looked great, and she finished the whole plate and said her meal was great.  Now for the Dessert, we shared the Molten Chocolate Lava Cake which was sweet and good.   The Start Sharing menu had lots of  choices from Crab Cakes to BBQ / Jerk Chicken Wings.     I will defiantly came back here when I am in the area, but we will sit in the bar area for the Start Sharing Menu.
Wish I could give 6 stars. Wonderful authentic food, served with pride.  Drinks and wine list were excellent, try Alvin's homemade punch!!   We were a group of 6 and nothing was short of fabulous.  Highlight of the evening was chatting with Alvin himself, one of the most gracious hosts I've yet to meet!  Wonderful all around!!
I loved this restaurant. We were immediately struck by the beauty of the restaurant especially the gorgeous artwork decorating the walls. We visited for Sunday brunch. They had live jazz music which provided a pleasant backdrop to our meal. The owner, Alvin, personally visits each table to make you feel welcome. His warmth is very inviting and friendly without being intrusive. It's immediately obvious that Alvin is very detail oriented and oversees everything with a keen eye. As for the food, Alvin's fried chicken deserves its award as best fried chicken in Westchester. It was crispy and juicy and not greasy. The waffle that accompanied one of the fried chicken entrees was the best I have ever had anywhere and it was accompanied by genuine dark maple syrup.  The macaroni and cheese was juicy and had an unexpected spicy bite and the collard greens were perfectly prepared. The broiled catfish entree was also excellent. We also ordered beautifully executed peach Bellinis and the Jamaican coffee in lieu of dessert. I will definitely be returning to Alvin's and cannot recommend them highly enough.
Reunion with friends while in New York. We were greeted by Alvin before we even placed our order and were impressed with the warm and friendly service.  My friends and I shared the crab cakes and arugula salad and I ordered the shrimp and grits as my dinner entree.  Everything was really great.  We shared the red velvet spoon bread for dessert.  We had a great time and were happy to be able to use Alvin & Friends as a wonderful location for food and atmosphere.
"Return to Alvin and Friends" - Well I went back to to Alvin's today and the food was great and the service was wonderful. Great decor, stunning finishes. Alvin was of course as hospitable as ever and the Rum Punch is still to die for. Kudos to his charming wife. I also found out that Alvin is the artist for the great artwork that adorns the walls. I hope we can buy prints in the future. Congratulations on a successful transition to this great larger restaurant. Brunch today was exquisite and my friends would like to go back. I Recommend this restaurant unreservedly. I will be back around Thanksgiving weekend with the gang, if I can get a reservation.   Jason White Plains
The space is very nice, with top-notch decor and high ceilings. There was live piano music on a Friday night. The prices were high but could be justified by the cost of running a top notch business. The crab cakes were ordinary, and the fried green tomatoes were not memorable. The mac and cheese and collard greens were just ok. The beets green salad was the same. The real let down was getting served instant coffee though.
The food was good but a bit overpriced for the quality. The service was good. The wait staff was very attentive. Alvin himself, made a point of visiting each table to thank every diner for coming, which I thought was very nice.
What a wonderful addition to Westchester!   Ambiance The room is very elegant and relaxing.  You can't help but admire the fabulous artwork gracing the walls, all created by the owner.  Very intimate and casual setting. Food I really enjoyed my meal--I had the tamarind shrimp and the frito entree, which was very flavorful.  I had the chocolate cake and ice cream, hard to go wrong with this dish.  I would recommend that they consider improving the bread basket.  As others suggested, it was a little odd to see slices of raisin bread.  Biscuits or cornbread would be a welcome addition. Service The staff were very friendly and had great attitudes.  However, service was just okay--I had to wait occassionally for water and request my check from the staff. Special Place I have been to hundreds of restaurants around the world, ranging from dives to the most expensive fine dining establishments, and I have never met an owner more passionate about the experience of his guests.  He sits down with guests and engages in thought provoking conversation, which is unheard of in my dining experience.  Alvin really enjoys meeting his patrons and you feel as if you are indeed a "friend" at his home.   Bravo to Alvin.
Struggle between a 2 / 3 star rating with this place. We decided to try this place based on the reviews and menu.   We were greeted by a friendly hostess who seated us quickly in a nice room in the back.  The waiter was nice but they seemed short staffed as he was the only one.   Busboy was great with filling our water and getting us more of their delicious mini corn breads. Appetizers were good - fried oysters came on clam shells so it made you wonder where the clam went.  Jerked chicken wings very tasty and bit spicy.  Oxtail spring rolls delicious.   Now, next is the problem or disappointing part.  We waited 45 minutes for our entrees-  kids were getting impatient.  Food was just okay -  while the plates were hot,  the food was only lukewarm.   Maybe it was a problem with the kitchen service the Saturday night we were there. The owner, Alvin, stopped by early to say hello and was very friendly - the artwork all painted by him was amazing and gives the restaurant a great atmosphere.  But food is what makes a restaurant.
I wish I could give Alvin & Friends a higher rating but the venue is still new and there's a lot of room for improvement. I'll start with the PROS: 1. The  venue is small and cozy, and the decor is lovely.  The bathroom is nicely appointed (I only mention this because I've been to a few places where the restrooms were more suited for a gas station - SMH).   2. If you live in So. Westchester, it's easily accessible by car, train (Metro North), or bus. 3. There is something for everyone on their menu.  My Mom had the Curry Crab & Corn Chowder appetizer - it was DIVINE!  I'm ordering that next time!  Her entree was the Smothered Pork Chop w/pearl onions and kale chips. I don't eat pork so I didn't try her dish, but she really enjoyed it.  I did try one of her Kale chips (interesting).   4. Alvin was at the restaurant that night, and he was very gracious.  He stopped by every table that night to personally welcome all guests.  Very nice touch!   Now the CONS: 1. I started with the Fried Oysters - MAJOR FAIL!!! I've only had fried oysters twice in my lifetime and both times were very enjoyable!  The oysters at Alvin's were slimy and bland.  Quite frankly, I wasn't sure if I was eating oysters.  It could've been anything fried in a thick batter.  Needless to say, I won't EVER order them there again. 2. I had the Catfish with black-eyed peas, and I substituted the grits for Mac & Cheese.  If M & C is on the menu, I HAVE TO TRY IT!  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  It looked and tasted like Kraft Macaroni & Cheese.  Hey, there's nothing wrong with Kraft Mac & Cheese -  I just expected more at a Caribbean/SOUL food restaurant.  The catfish & peas were nicely seasoned and pretty tasty. 3. The service definitely needs improvement.  Our waiter was a little slow and not knowledgeable about the day's specials.   4. Alvin & Friends is definitely over-priced (especially for it's New Rochelle location).  There's really nothing spectacular or mind-blowing about the venue or the food to warrant the steep prices.   Despite the weak service and pricey bill, I would consider going back to Alvin's for Sunday Brunch.  Their brunch menu appears to be a little less expensive, and I would like to try a few other items on their menu.  I will definitely post an update after I check out their brunch... stay tuned! ;-)
I was so happy to discover this place in New Rochelle! The owner is a delight and the menu delivers! Tried a little bit of everything -- mac n cheese, fried oysters, collard greens, fried chicken, and seared catfish. Everything was perfection! I can't gush over the red velvet dessert like the other reviews, just wasn't my cup of tea.  But I can gush that they mix a good cocktail and Alvin's rum punch is a must-try! I can see myself becoming a regular.
Written by Brian's wife! :-) We have meant to try Alvin & Friends for ages - have heard consistently great things about it for some time now and have walked by and noticed that it was always full and lively.  Finally last night, we tried Alvin & Friends with our family from Manhattan - we all LOVED it!!  Best meal and experience we've had in recent memory, and we all travel widely and enjoy dining out. Our meal included the absolutely wonderful duck (best I've ever had), the grilled porkchop with wonderfully flavored and textured polenta and nicely prepared cauliflower and onion, the fried calamari appetizer with a light slightly fruity sauce and onions (yum, yum), and the tasty (if somewhat small) crab cake - my step-father enjoyed the braised chicken, as well.  My husband said he has had better fried oysters but he liked them (they were the only thing I didn't like).  We had the Acacia Chardonnay which was excellent.  For dessert, we tried a warm chocolate soufflé, which was a sweet cap to the meal. The service might have been a bit untutored at times but it was fine, our bill was on the high side for New Rochelle (about $200 for four people including wine) but well worth the money, and the ambiance and Alvin made up for any discrepancies - Alvin is a consummate host, and his art and enthusiasm, great attitude, and passion for food and his guests, his commitment to staying local, and his restaurant make you even happier that you have found a new favorite place to add to your roster! We will all definitely be regulars from now on, and my family says they will be sure to bring friends from the city.  Can't wait til their new location opens sometime around the end of January & Alvin says they will offer outdoor seating on Memorial Hwy Plaza and a club with live jazz!!  Very exciting and a great addition to the local offerings.   Congratulations to Alvin & Friends and best wishes for a wonderful and long future!
This is a wonderful gem of a local restaurant.  Southern favorites elevated with caribbean style.   The sides dishes are creative and wonderfully executed.   The fried chicken is just amazing. cant wait to go back.
Fabulous... if you are looking for great food, and excellent service.  Not much privacy for a cozy date.  But perfect local restaurant, good ambiance.   Where a jacket.. it's not formal but there's a classiness that you want to maintain for that environment.  Alvin painted those pictures himself!!! #Impressive.   Wonderful restaurant.  Owner and the chef are not shy!   Make sure you taste that mac & cheese!
A little to fancy-dancy for my taste. White table clothes, brighter lighting, Bow tied servers. If that's your thing then it's worth your visit. Food was definitely well prepared, fresh and unique. Expect to pay 20-30 bucks a plate.
I came to Alvin & Friends for a girlfriend's wedding rehearsal dinner. I never really dined in the New Rochelle area so I can't compare Alvin & Friends to other restaurants in the area. What I do know is that I enjoyed their cornmeal fried oysters and my duck breast order was cooked to perfection. I loved celery root puree that came with the duck. Definitely would come back if I'm ever in the area.
Alvin came right to our table to greet us. The food is fantastic! We started off with the fried oysters..to die for! And then of course the creole fried chicken is a dish of heaven. My husband had the seafood pasta..it was great too...Can't wait to try other dishes on the menu...but I don't know if I will ever make it past the fried chicken...it's just that good....
The new location is absolutely fabulous!!!  I live in Manhattan and felt like i was in a cool chic spot in Soho or Tribeca.  We had eaten many times in the old locale across the street and this open, sexy, softly lit space is wonderful.  Alvin told us they'll be putting tables out front for sidewalk dining once the weather warms up...how fab is that???!!!  :-) The food Saturday was absolutely superb.  My boyfriend had the infamous fried oysters which were delicious.  I had the special fish entree of a sea bass which was out of this world!!! Congrats Alvin!!!!
Went to Alvins 4/27/13 and it was great. The food is always a winner and so is the new location. Alvin is in the dinning room making sure every customer is getting what they expect clearly he understands quality in every respect. I will go back there on a regular basis as the food and the experience is consistent.
Went back a week ago and the service and food were just a good if not better this time... the black bean soup was extraordinary!
We were pleasantly surprised when we got to the restaurant. The ambience and decor were elegant because we expected a southern Caribbean style multi-pastel painted, sandy floor style hut. High ceilings, smooth Doric Style posts, large paintings, indirect lighting, wood floors, tablecloths, and a live pianist ( not too loud) set a nice mood indeed. Alvin himself came out to greet us and advised of his specialties. he recommended the fried oysters and jerk Duck. As I couldn't order them all I tried the oysters and fried chicken ( which I read about and wanted to try) . The oysters were fantastic, lightly drizzled with a tangy white sauce with jalapeño peppers and grape tomatoes. Some of the best I've had ( like Broussards in NOLA). The fried chicken was moist and tender with a light crust. It was accompanied by a Mac n cheese and greens. The latter was too sweet for me and the former not quite creamy enough, but they were only sides and both good. My wife had the curry corn chowder which she loved as well as the caeser salad. Bread pudding desert was delightful. An enjoyable dinner.
This place is located in downtown New Rochelle  but you would never know it.  The atmosphere inside is laid back.  The owner, ALvin personally came over and spoke with us several times but not in that annoying sort of way.  He was friendly and courteous.  The artwork and music was also a plus.... Now for the food...My wife and I's meal is as follows The bread and butter starter was not good...pretty much wheat sandwich bread with cold butter that wouldnt spread.   The fried oyster appetizer was good but the size and flavor of the oysters did not compare to the ones I had in New Orleans a few months back...but that is not a fair comparison. The fried chicken with mac and cheese and collards was good.  I never liked collards in the past but this one made me a fan.  The chicken was good but not great.  The reviews were too generous if you ask me.  The mac and cheese was also good but not great.  I also think the price is a bit high for fried chicken The catfish over what I think was polenta was delicious.  I really enjoyed it.  It was moist, flavorful and well cooked. The white chocolate red velvet bread pudding was delicious.  It is the only dessert that sticks out on the dessert menu but its a must try.
Excellent food and service! Definitely one of the best restaurant in this part of town! ... The front of the restaurant is very unassuming but the ambiance inside is very warm and inviting. I highly recommend the lenchoe (shredded pork with beans and  yucca) ! its one of those dishes i will be craving for...
There is no question about the friendliness of this restaurant.  Chef/owner Alvin greeted our large party at the door with an ice melting smile and personally sat us.  Alvin's new digs is airy, uncluttered and elegant with Alvin's own painting adorning the walls giving the place an almost art gallery feel.  Rudi, the Maitre'd, continued Alvin's trademark friendliness and attended to our large group with professionalism and patience.  Fresh baked mini corn muffins, a nice departure from plain bread, were brought to the table as orders were being taken and we opted for four different appetizers to be brought in pairs and shared across the long table.  The Jerked shrimp was both smoky and tangy, crispy fried calamari was classic,  the crab cakes were rich and savory and my favorite...the breaded fried oysters were like savory marshmallows bursting in my mouth...I could make a dinner of just a few orders of that.  Main courses included their grilled salmon which I did not have but tasted a sample off my neighbor...creamy soft and perfectly flaked.  My wife had the oxtail which melted off the bone, and I had the fried chicken, I'll admit the batter and seasoning were superb but the chicken was a tad on the dry side but I was rewarded with the cajun spiced mac n cheese side.  We had their dessert platter which sampled everything from ice cream to bread pudding and all were great although we did not get the red velvet dish everyone is raving about.  The best part of dessert for me was the coffee...I dont know what beans were used but the coffee was perfect.  Now for some constructive criticism...first the chicken was not moist as mentioned above and one other at our table had the same issue...I'll give another try next time to see if they get it right.  Next, I was bit disappointed in the beer selection, nothing on tap and Stella and Sam Adams were their most boutique offerings over Bud and Corona.  I'm a sommelier and own a boutique wine shop and normally always get wine but I felt the cuisine was a nice match to a good draft micro brew...not to be.  Considering that micro brew draft beer is exploding on the dining scene these days I sincerely hope Alvin takes note and expands the set up.  One last tip to Alvin...I was offered only whole milk for my coffee, half & half was not offered or available, this I only found out after the coffee was served..it took a little cajoling to get the waitress to go back to the kitchen and scrounge up some cream for me.  Improve the beer selection, offer H&H and be more consistent on the fried chicken and I'll raise my score to 5 stars.  One thing for sure though is that we will be back soon for this gem in New Rochelle.
Still same great food, but iffy on the service.
A warm and wonderful place that lived up to the reviews. Alvin is a gracious host and the food is delicious. The fried chicken is the best I've had and the jerk shrimp were a tasty appetizer. The country caprese, which includes fried green tomatoes was great. The service was a bit inconsistent, but it didn't spoil the evening. Worth it!
Pros: Food was tasty, staff was attentive, piano player, decor, Alvin the owner greeted us. Cons: pricey for new Rochelle, not too many tables
I have been to this restaurant two times and in the process of looking for an excuse to go back a third time. So far, every meal has been enjoyable. We have been able to experience the ambiance inside (wonderful paintings!) and outside (sidewalk tables) of the restaurant. I have had the Jerk wings, Fried Calamari, Shrimp and Grits and Fried Catfish. The calamari with the mangoes are my absolute favorite appetizer. The grits in each of the dishes have been incredible. I normally have grits as a cereal option for breakfast but I have no problem making an exception. My hubby loves the Oxtail dish and has ordered twice so far. We've been seated promptly and the service has been great. The owner has greeted us very warmly and there is a genuine passion in his voice and overall presentation to ensure that everyone has a wonderful dining experience. We consider it a tad bit pricey for our current budget, but we just make sure we have a little money set aside because the food and atmosphere is worth it!
Just got back from having dinner with a friend at Alvin & Friends.  I must say it a beautiful place and the ambience was nice.  The food however was quite pricey when you consider portion.  We got one tiny crab cake with a tiny side of julienne sliced onions n peppers as an appetizer. The chef special was a Mahi-Mahi with sweet potato mash, delicious but again small portion. Red velvet bread pudding was just average. After having a three course meal at A&F I was left a bit hungry and I'm not a big eater. I would return for ambience and wine with friends not for dinner.
Went the other night for dinner, we live in the apartment just next door and had been waiting for them to open up in the new location, never having made it when they were a few blocks away.   The decor and the service were top notch, but i was surprised to see how expensive the food was.   We had wanted to just grab a lite bite and so we shared the fried oysters which were pretty good and fried catfish which was also pretty good but nothing really special.
Alvin and Friends is amazing! Alvin make you feel comfortable and is welcoming to everyone. The fried chicken was fantastic and corn and crab bisque is something I will return for!
Fantastic on every level!  Service was great, the owner Alvin came by to see how everything was doing and to check in on each of his guests.  The crab cakes were amazing, the southern Caesar salad was yummy, and the fried chicken and jerk duck were out of this world delicious!!!! I think it may have been some of the best duck I've had.  Having frequented many southern restaurants this was a new favorite of mine.  Don't miss out on the desserts - the sweet potatoe cheesecake and the redvelvet bread pudding were a great end to a terrific meal!
For a soulfood/caribbean restaurant this is about as good as it gets!  The ambiance is upscale and the service is attentive but not obtrusive, this is a classy spot and not your average "soulfood" restaurant. Alvin is simply lovely.  The food is very good, mostly cooked perfectly.  Portions can range from large to not very big but executed very well.  The fried oysters were amazing, the lamb shank extremely tender and the duck (albeit not a large portion...my BF said he would be still hungry if he ordered it) was cooked perfectly.  Greens were wonderful, as was the cabbage.  The only complaint foodwise is that the mac and cheese wasn't the best, it was "soupy" and not held together, it needed to be baked (IMHO).  The artwork (by the owner) is really beautiful and original.  We will definitely be back and I'm definitely a fan!
Excellent service!  I would highly recommend that you order the duck.  It is my favorite.
Took friends to Alvin and Friends in New Rochelle tonight. This new southern fusion restaurant adds a whole lot of style to the southern Westchester dining scene. The food was delicious, the wine list was concise with great selections and Alvin is a wonderful host. Everything we ordered was great -- BBQ salmon, catfish, fried chicken, wings, soups and salads. Save room for dessert as well. There are some sinful chocolate choices!
This a great restaurant!  Every part of the experience was exceptional.  The owner came over and introduced himself and gave us some background on the choice of dishes on the menu.  He gave us some homemade hot sauce to sample.  The sauce turned out to be an amazing compliment to the salmon that I ordered.  The red velvet bread pudding was very delicious.  My friends allowed me to taste their desserts and the chocolate & cheesecake were both amazing as well.  I will definately visit this restaurant again.
This spot isn't far from my house so we go all the time. They have amazing food and the workers just love to see you coming in. The Owner, Alvin will even come over to check on you!
Four of us had dinner at A & F two weeks ago. Alvin is a gem. The food is consistently excellent and the variety gives you something for everyone. The fried oyster appetizer was good enough to make me happy and I served fried oysters at my own restaurant. The service was very good. The small touches were greatly appreciated. The hostess came by the table to remind me to put more change in the meters (they are required 24 - 7). The duck was perfectly cooked and sauced well, not overpowered. The oxtail was the best I have had outside of Jamiaca. The jerk wings were as good as they can get without a beach and some pimento wood involved. A request for "plain" salmon was perfectly executed. The small charming spot was the perfect place to spend an evening with great food and friends. We had some home grown tomatoes with us. Alvin loves local foods and tried to turn my friend into a supplier! We will return.
