I HIGHLY recommend Jessie!! She has been doing my hair for quite some time and 5 starts does not seem to do her justice. No matter what I need...whether it's a cut, color, style, or highlight I always leave feeling beautiful because of Jessie's talent and expertise! Jessie is always up to date with the styles and trends ..and as a perfectionist, she always makes your hair look great!! I cannot say enough good things about her..she is the best!
I had my make up done at 730 am for a wedding and it looked beautiful and lasted all night until I took it off at 1130pm! I would definitely go back.
First time there, my hair is very damaged and I didn't want a short cut but had no idea what to do with it. Heidi is an excellent stylist and did a great job. She is also very fun to talk to! I highly recommend this salon! All the stylists were very friendly and passionate about their work. I will definitely be back! Plus side is they were not as expensive as a lot of high end salons but had the quality you'd expect from one.
Di Lusso has great, talented stylists that are super friendly and good to work with. I believe a good number of them came from Euphoria (in the Galleria Mall). They use Eminence products, which I am not too familiar with but I've heard great things about. The only downsides - it's a little crowded (but very clean and well decorated) and we had a small communication problem in scheduling, which was annoying. But it could have happened anywhere. Tip: it's in the big plaza on the north side, near Marshall's and the Sally Store.
I love it here! All the stylists are really nice and they do a great job. Highly recommended!
Decided I needed a change from my barber; was a bit trepidatious switching from my normal spot. Was won over with amazing Service. Worth every penny.
I love this place!  All the stylists are friendly and talented.  They offer massage, waxing, facials (eminence organics from Hungary), manicure, pedicure, airbrush makeup application, and hair services.  They have plenty of parking and I love that you can book your appointments online.
