I didn't care for the atmosphere but it is what it is.  I understand what they did and why they did it.   I'm sure it's quite popular.   We had a reservation and our table wasn't ready when we got there. The service and food were very mediocre.  Our martini's were inconsistent...the waitress was really late with getting our orders in for the entrees as we were already done with our appetizers before she came back to ask us our orders for our main course. My salad was smothered in too much dressing, the chicken parm was not that good.   The pasta was overcooked.  I won't go back.  Nothing special.  The 4 of us ate and had 1/2 drinks each for about $150 which isn't too bad I guess.
I would argue this is the best restaurant in New Rochelle. The atmosphere is awesome right when you walk in. To the left there is a lounge a great spot for a pre dinner drink. I found the staff incredibly nice and the food was amazing. The seafood pasta is HUGE. It is the perfect blend of flavors. This place will be a New Rochelle cornerstone for a long time. Cheers to the management... you guys are spot on for what New Roc needs.
The food, ambiance, drinks and service here are top notch!  We love going here to have friendly service and a great time overall.  Definitely a New Rochelle hot spot.  The décor is beautiful as well.
My coworkers love this restaurant , loyal customers so I joined them for a birthday dinner. I loved the decor and ambience , we ordered the calamari , and polenta appetizer and it was delicious . Then our pizza came out, I was dissapointed and sad . The margherita had no flavor. The crust was hard and crumbled into hard crackers. I looked forward to an amazing pizza and I honestly have had better pizza at the California pizza kitchen and that's very sad. I will go back for the apps and drinks but not pizza . Our waitress was sweet , bartender had in Italian dialect u modo, was very nasty and he needs to get an attitude adjustment. Couldn't be bothered. Sorry we bothered you on a Monday night .
came here for their new years eve bash.. it was great!  the food was delcious... they had a great DJ... staff was super friendly... bathrooms clean which is always a good sign..  i loved all the appetizers that they offered delicious they did not have sangria on the menu that night apart of the fix prix for the menu  but the bartender hooked us up and he made a great white sangria!! cant wait to come back again!!
The food is the same as it was on Russell Ave.  Service 100 times worse.  These servers and bartenders need an education.  You upgraded the place, it does look beautiful but it stops there.  Sat at the bar for over 5 minutes with 3 bartenders on and no one came over to us.  Finally my husband gets one of the bartenders eye by waving his hand and he tells us "just a minute" - really - we left. Other friends have gone and say the food is good, but the service is horrible.  One group was there over 2 3/4 hours to have their dinner.
Checked the new location for lunch and really liked the decor and what they have done with the space.  I do miss their old location with the bricks and the walls being filled with history, but this new location is more Modern and the extended bar/lounge is a great space.  The downside is the new location also has limited parking, but at least there is a municipal lot across the street, which I recommend over parking on the street.  FYI, the parking lot for Modern Hardware is not for Modern Pizza. As for the food, my family got a whole pie with half primavera and half Hawaiian.  Both sides were great and one why I still feel that Modern is probably one of the better pizza places in New Rochelle.   I also ordered a veal parmigiana and noticed the veal had a sharp gamey taste.  I ate half of it and shared it with my family who all came to the same conclusion that the meat was definitely not good, so I sent the other half back and got it replaced with half meatball sub which was ok.  I should have just stuck with the pizza at that point. Despite this, I still plan on going back again to check out the bar and hope to enjoy a few more meals there and will update this review.
Place is excellent. Located in the heart of new Rochelle MODERNS Food is fantastic, friendly service, and great ambiance. I have ate here several times and have had a party in the lounge area. Always on point. Must have the chicken scarp!!!
The service at Modern is horrible.  It took the waiter over 30 minutes to take our order and when he brought our food it came out wrong.  We ordered rice balls, he forgot the rice balls.  We ordered a chicken dish, he brought a fish dish.  Then on top of it, the waiter is doing double duty filling glasses with water, isn't that the busboys job?   The fish dish tasted like it came out of a box.   The decor is the only thing good about this place.   Find another place to dine, Modern is not worth it.
Good stuff
Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Same great food plus more BUT like old restaurant there is no feeling to dress up. Great place any night of the week.
Food was good. We had lobster ravioli and veal parm. Service was terrible. First waiter came and disappeared returned 20m later and was mad because another waiter took our drink order. Staff was not very friendly and it wasn't busy at all. It's Mother's Day weekend and not one staff member said happy Mother's Day. Overall not a great experience. Wouldn't go back.
I love this place they always make me feel like a Pisano...lol. That being said there are reasons I come over and over again to Modern and those reasons are consistently great food great service and a staff that greats me with a smile from owner to bus boy. Most timesI go I there I like to sit at the bar and grab a  drink creation from their  awesome drink menu but other times I'll sit at one of the tables in the beautiful dining room with 20 ft. Ceilings. I'm definitely a meat eater so I enjoy  the pork chop contadina with spicy cherry peppers most times I eat there.The chops are always moist and tasty with enough peppers and potatoes to keep even me content.Sometimes I'll go for the sweet peppers but either way you can't go wrong!  I like to finish off my meal with an espresso and a piece of homemade strawberry short cake that is prepared by a 90 year old woman who has been making cakes for them for over 25 years to my understanding. I can't say it enough I love love love this place!! See you guys soon.
Went to modern with my husband. They wouldn't give us a reservation for only 2 so we were ready to wait at bar. We come in and a hostess with a head of wet hair told us "sorry there are no tables!!" And so we had to say to her "we will wait at the bar!" She asks us " are u sure? Ok! It might be like 15 minutes!" We assure he it was fine. We have one drink at the bar and the waitress comes over yo take us to our table. She walks us into the empty back room. There wasn't one person in that room!!! I start laughing and tell her "I am so sorry I don't want to sit back here by ourselves!!" By the way the back room lacks all the charm of the front room. She apologizes and says "oh I am sorry then u will have to wait longer!" I look around the room quickly and see there are many 4 seared tables empty. She says we can't have those bc we are only 2. We continue walking and I find an empty two sweater empty. I ask if we can have that  one. She leaves us standing there to ask a manager. She comes back to tell us ok. Let me also just say we were dressed nicely- we are in our thirties and we are decently good looking people.  I don't know why they seemed  to not want us there!!! Lol! We finally sit and our waiter comes over to get our drink order which we had already from the bar and then he disappears for 20 minutes. There were a lot of families there with kids. The kids were loud and ancy and every parent looked like they were tired waiting for food or the bill. We heard the food was good so even after 20 minutes we decided to wait it out.  Finally we order. Rice balls were amazing. I got a pasta dish it was amazing. My husband's veal he loved. I ordered dessert and a full cup of coffee and 20 minutes later I still had no dessert. Took forever to get the bill. Although there were cons- I hope these service kinks can be worked out because the food is really great! I will be back!!! Get it together modern!!!!
Great food.. :-)
We needed a place to eat for 21 people and fast after my daughter's graduation. They were willing and set up a room with 3 tables so the young ones( under 28) could sit together and the other tables were for the older adults so they could talk easily. The service was great and it was easy to park. Will go again when visiting New Rochelle.
Went to modern for a date night. It was great from start to finish. The entire staff was so friendly from hostess to waiter to busser to manager. Everyone was nice and accommodating. Pizza was the best I've had in New Rochelle. Pasta was delicious. The stuffed artichoke appetizer special tasted just like my grandma used to make. We got a free order of zeppoles for dessert for checking in on Yelp and no surprise ... They were delicious. Love this place.
We were looking forward to trying this place we'd heard so much about.  The atmosphere and decor is nice (a bit loud) but the service was not.  Our waiter came to take our order after we waited 15 minutes for anyone to greet us, then he came at the end to give our check and that was it.  The food was ok but the salad that comes with the entrees was inedible.  Wilty, brown lettuce, soggy cucumbers and a few black olives...no flavor and very unappealing.  They should do away with a free salad if they aren't even going to try to make it decent!
The amazing service at this place is what gives it a 5! We sat at the bar for dinner and got some drinks. The bar staff and manager were so attentive and provided us with exceptional service. They were so accommodating with our meal choices and they came out delicious. The antipasto app was delicious. Friendly and fun atmosphere for Friday night
Same old modern with a quite extensive facelift. Though I liked the old setup being quant with an old world feel, I love the new setup with its sleek modern (no pun intended) decor. Came here for my girlfriends mother's birthday. It was jam packed, but we were seated promptly (we did have reservations) food ranged from good to great. Im not sure about the other reviews about the bread. I think the fresh bread that they make in house is always delicious. I ordered, like I have for the past 10 years the chicken scarpiello, hot peppers with vodka sauce on top of my side pasta. Chicken scarp was good as always, though the vodka sauce was mediocre. (even with the pancetta that they threw in) My girlfriend got the shrimp scampi which was good but nothing special, her sister ordered the pork chop, again good but nothing to write about, their grandmother ordered spaghetti and meatballs which she enjoyed, and her mom got oysters which she seemed to enjoy. They messed up an appetizer and gave it to us on the house in addition to what we actually ordered which I thought was nice. With drinks, appetizers and main course for 5 of use plus one  dessert including espresso, came to a bit over 200 before tip.
Today I ordered farfalle with broccoli rabe and grill chicken, though when the food came I had to remind them about the chicken... Because it was forgotten.. Still was excellent! And the staff is great!!
Ate at the old location for years...and it was...how do I put it..."OLD."  The new location is awesome and is one of the nicest spaces in NewRo for sure.  Just like the old location, parking is a DISASTER as there is no where to park.  Love the lounge and the big airy dining room...which is now always packed.  Wine list is WAY TOO SMALL and they should...for their quality...have much better wines and a bigger selection. Def worth a visit
UPDATE: Awesome!! I am UPGRADING this restaurant to 4 stars from 3 stars because after trying the food again at the new location everything on their menu other than pizza was greatly improved and absolutely delicious!!!!! Meatballs, Penne a la Vodka, red wine steak were all excellent! Their new location on Huguenot is a giant leap forward. I came in for a dinner a few days after opening and the atmosphere is EXACTLY WHAT DOWNTOWN NEW ROCHELLE NEEDED!...a  cool spot to bring friends/family visiting to with a great atmosphere, great bar, and great food. Also, my number one pick in New Rochelle for a date before a movie at Regal Cinemas. Now, if only they could make a better pizza with fluffier/thinner crust, less greasy cheese, and fresher tomato sauce I would easily give this place a 5 stars. Postives: -Excellent food (other than pizza) -Great Service (Owner is very personable) -Great Atmosphere (feels like the city, great bar, good seating, nice decor, large space) -Great Wines -Great Date Spot -Great Location Negatives: -Pizza could still use massive overhaul (read old review) - but I will update as soon as I see that they changed their pizza for the better.
Great food.  However, you need earplugs because it is extremely loud.  Service needs improvement.  Food was good enough to make us go back.
I am impressed! And I am not easily impressed. We live in the area and decided to check it out on a Friday night. We arrived at around 7pm and were told it was a 40 min wait...which surprised me, but I'm patient. We got beers from the bar and waited in a nice waiting area. About 20 minutes into the wait, an adorably gracious little old man came out to the waiting area with several pans of small pizzas and bruccetta for snacking on while we waited (he may even have been one of the owners). Awesome! And about another ten minutes in, a waiter approached us and asked us how long we had been waiting and then took it upon himself to check on our wait status for us. Awesome! Once seated, I took in the absolutely gorgeous decor...industrial meets modern...kind of feels like you're in a beautifully renovated subway station...not overly pretentious though. Prices are moderate, American Italian food mostly. Their pizza is delicious! Our waitress was wonderfully attentive and went above and beyond for good service. I am proud to have such a fantastic restaurant with so many years of history, right in my backyard! The service and food are outstanding, and I can't wait to go back with friends. Two thumbs up...I totally recommend!
EXCELLANT FOOD, EXCELLANT DRINKS AND EXCELLANT SERVICE with a smile.  They wer very attentive without being annoying.  They kept brining delicious Hor Douerves, The best italian pastries I ever Had.  GREAT  GREAT JOB!!!!!
Terrible, terrible, terrible!!! I cannot say it enough. I attempted to make reservations and was hung up on multiple times by a very rude man. I figured I'd give it a shot anyways, and was sadly let down. I arrived there at 6:30 and was told that there were no available tables so I would need to wait 15-20 minutes. I informed the hostess and she apologized without remorse. We sat at the bar to get drinks, which were way overpriced for simple gin martinis. We waited for almost 45 min and finally decided to be a little assertive and asked the hostess how much longer. She said it would only be another few minutes. We waited for another 15 minutes until I had enough and asked the bartender for a manager. The manager was unapologetic and stated "he can't just ask people to leave", which is obvious!! We understand that, however if people are taking longer then expected, at least let us know. The hostess saw that we were talking to the manager and "had our table ready". We decided to decline the table after all this time and said to the manager we didn't want to stay. He simply said ok and watched us walk out. We went and enjoyed a delicious meal at Posto 22 down the block. I have a relative that owns multiple restaurants in NYC and will be letting them know all about this incident to spread the word amongst their friends.  Needless to say, we will never step foot in Modern again and advise anyone who is considering Modern to never go there!!!
Older facility was much better in terms of food and service. New place has bad service and food is average.
I would surely return to Modern.  The food wasn't extraordinary but good. The decor was very nice. The servers need some training on how to serve and clear.
Very simply put, the atmosphere is very lively and a fun place to go.  The food is not the best Italian you will ever have.  Posto-22 around the corner has better food for sure.  I do like the bar area at the Modern Restaurant.  I just wish the would improve on the quality of their food.
Last night was my third and final time eating at Modern.  I'm done, and will not be going back.  The only reason I am even giving it two stars is because the decor and ambiance is truly beautiful - it's the only reason worth going.  As for the food, anyone claiming the food at Modern is "amazing" or "the best Italian" etc either 1) knows the owners or 2) has no clue regarding Italian food.  The food at Modern is decent AT BEST, and I can say this without reservation having eaten there 3 times.  It's bland, boring, and unmemorable.  However it was our lousy service last night that irritated me enough to actually sit down and write a negative review - the food simply isnt good enough to tolerate rude and unprofessional service.  Not once did our waiter even look at us while we were ordering - his attention was everywhere else but on us, and it was obvious he did not want to be there.  It took him 20 minutes to bring us two glasses of wine.  I had asked for lemon, he forgot it.  He offered us another round of wine while our glasses were still half full making us feel rushed.  When we got around to ordering dessert, he told me they were out of the chocolate lava cake - which I do not believe.  I think he did not want to wait the extra 20 minutes that it takes to make it - mind you it was 930pm on Sunday of Labor Day Weekend - the restaurant was still half full so it's not like we were the last table holding him up, not to mention it was a holiday weekend.  Then, when my friend and I ordered the rice pudding to share, he literally came over and took our spoons away without asking us, and before we were done.  There was half a dish left of the rice pudding, and we were in the middle of a conversation so had put our spoons down for a few minutes to talk.  We were both so shocked when he just came over and grabbed everything that we just looked at each other in disbelief.  Then, we figured we would adjourn to the bar for an after dinner drink so we could finish our conversation, and there was no bartender to be found.  The restaurant was open, there were people still eating at tables, people hanging out at the bar, but no bartender.  Dirty dishes were stacked all over it, and after waiting 5 minutes for someone to show up so that we could have a drink, we just gave up and walked out feeling annoyed.  Oh, I should also add that after our waiter brought us dessert, he promptly brought us the check, saying "whenever youre ready ladies", and returned 10 minutes later and literally asked us to "pay now" - we were not done eating our dessert!  I am at a loss for how anyone can give this place a rave review, which is why I say the people that do either know the owners, or have no clue regarding true quality food, or a dining experience.  As someone who IS Italian, cooks Italian, and has eaten my way all over Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and Westchester, I am telling you that the food here is average at best.  I could easily name 10 places off the top of my head that will give you better food, prices, and service.  The owners at Modern seriously need to get their act together, hire new staff, and get more involved in how their restaurant operates...cause pretty decor is not what keeps people coming back, and you've lost my business permanently.
Ever since I moved to the area, Modern has always been a favorite. This new location is one of the best things to have happened to New Rochelle in a while! The restaurant is big, with high vaulted ceilings but they have managed to retain an intimate and comfortable atmosphere. The whole place has a classy, upscale vibe that it totally unpretentious. The food has always been top notch and that remains the case since the move. The bolognese has always been my go-to dish, I can never order it elsewhere because it can never compare to Modern's. I can also highly recommend the Sandra Special pizza, but I can promise you will not be disappointed with anything you order here. Also, the valet parking definitely makes life easier!!
Picked up the in-laws from Amtrack and shot over to Modern because it looked cool and was close. We did not make use of the valet parking but parked across the street in a town lot.  The  place was pretty full but we were able to get seated quickly. I found the service good, They quickly took our drink order and got bread to the table. I liked the fact they filled glasses with water, and left a carafe of ice water on the table. We had Mozzarella en carozza  as an appetizer, it was good and a larger portion then I expected. One in our party had Penne a la vodka which he liked very much, another had veal parm which was large too and it was good also.. The only complaint I had was the pizza was not cooked well correctly (burnt on bottom) and was just not very flavorful. I would go back, but would not order pizza..
Absolutely amazing experience here! The girls and I went to modern a few months ago for dinner and everything was delicious.The chicken scarp was good, too spicy for me but my friends enjoyed it. I had the special which was a mushroom ravioli and I was blown away!! Great experience I can't wait to return.
Place was fantastic when it first moved into the new location, living a block away, we dined in or took out at least once a week.  Unfortunately, went down hill quickly on service.  Pizza is good, the rest of the items we have tried are very average.
The staff was awful I waited 45 minutes after my desert to get the check and not only that but I found 2 hairs!!!! When I told the waiter he asked me where and I showed him and he said ok? What do you want me to do? And I said take it away....it was just bad. Sure enough I won't be going back there and telling everyone else not to
Just had dinner there the other night and I have to say the food was delicious. I got the Veal Sorrentino (highly recommended) But what made my experience so great was the service. Our waiter Billy was on top of everything and recommended some good dishes to us. I will definitely be back here. Good job to Moderns staff and of course our waiter Billy :)
Great food, great drinks, friendly bar staff and managers....food coming out of the kitchen is a little slow but still an overall great time!! Will be back soon!!
My family of 4 which includes 2 kids 5 and 7, went to Modern Pizza for dinner tonight.  We had a 30 minute wait which almost made us leave, but, the manager offered us a comfy seating area for us to wait, brought us apps for us to eat while we waited, we had a drink and before we knew it our table was ready. The space is beautiful,  our waiter was great, the food was great, the owner Anthony came to say hello and make sure we were happy (we were!)...it was a fun night out with the kids, we will def go back (maybe without them next time).
Went to Modern for their New Year's Eve party and had a great time.  I know Modern has been a fixture in New Rochelle, and many of their faithful seem uneasy by their move to Huguenot Street, but I must say the food and drink are better than ever.  Their new space rivals any Manhattan restaurant, and the bar area is stunning.  I was even impressed by the pizza, which I have had delivered many times from their old location.  The crust and cheese were cooked perfectly, something you only see in the city.
the best place for italian food in NEW ROCHELLE!!!
The food here is very good. The service is very good. But I am a bar person. The bar atmosphere is great. But, they REALLY missed the mark on the bar itself. Corners were cut with the cheap "faux wood" formica. It always looks dirty with streaks from dirty bar towels and the smell of cleaning solution in the air. I would also prefer a bar napkin with my glass of wine versus the free Heiniken coasters by the hundreds. A real wooden or brass bar would have made a world of difference to this patron. A very low mark for an otherwise great place.
I was very disappointed with the new "Modern" as it is now called.    The old place was homey and welcoming for families.    We went often and never needed a reservation.   The staff felt like family and knew what good food and good service were all about.     On the plus side, it is much easier to park at the new location and the space is gorgeous.   That is were the positives stop.   You now need a reservation and the hostesses have no idea what they are doing.   Our party of 4 waited 50 minutes for a table, though there were 5 tables within sight that were available.   Apparently they were being held for the folks with reservations, for 50 'minutes?!?  We were finally seated in the bland, noisy, back room, so much for the nice decor in the front.    The bread was lukewarm,  and the portions smaller than they were before.  The bar size soda glass was comical it was so small. We did try and address our concerns to the manager, particularly why we had to wait when tables were available, he left to check and never came back!   I hope this is just growing pains, but from many of the reviews I have read at other sites,  my experience was not unique.   What a shame.
First, the new place is beautiful. The space was designed really well and the atmosphere is excellent. Unfortunately, the food experience left a lot to be desired. For starters - they need to get some REAL Italian bread. The bread served was similar to the French bread baguettes you get from a supermarket. We ordered the eggplant parm and chicken pizzaiola. Both dishes came with salad and pasta. The salad was the run of the mill garden variety and, for me, ended up being the best part of the meal. The penne with tomato sauce was swimming in water. It was obvious it was not drained well after it was cooked. The eggplant in the dish was a little too "al dente" for my taste and lacked real flavor. It was draped with a sheet of melted cheap mozzarella over the top. The chicken pizzaiola had some flavor but the chicken was dry and at that point everything just tasted the same. The table next to us ordered a pie, which is what I would do if I ever went back. Go for the atmosphere, share a pie and some appetizers, but don't go if you want really good Italian food - that's my recommendation!
We popped in for dinner on a Friday night. The restaurant was busy but not packed, just humming. We had to wait about 5 minutes for a table, no biggie. Once seated we enjoyed their delicious warm Italian bread, and ordered drinks. I had a nice pinot noir, a little on the warmer side of room temperature. Next time I would like to get one of the cocktails they have on offer! I ordered a grilled chicken caesar salad, my fiance had the bolognese with gnocchi. Both dishes were delicious and very filling. The decor and ambiance is nice, lots of candles, nice large booths for big tables and very comfortable seating and tables for smaller groups. Service a little slow due to the restaurant being very busy, but over all a good experience. Valet parking an added bonus!!
This place is beautiful! You have to see it! It's an old bank with high ceilings, wonderful terrazzo floors, subway tiles, and sharp lighting! The pizza sucks. The pasta is poorly dressed. The staff is clueless...poorly dressed as well. I had to witness a pushy, change of shift close out across the bar... Kidding me? No thanks.
Great ambiance . Great service- your water glass is always full and they're quick with cleaning the table and checking in on you. The food is just "okay" but the chicken francaise is par with other places and the pizza isn't anything to write home about. The red pepper ravioli was worth ordering , both the sauce and ravioli are good . They have an extensive dessert menu of pleasantly normal items. The chocolate mousse cake was a winner , the texture was very nice .
Wonderful spot nestled in New Rochelle, NY. My brothers and I frequent this place together, as it reminds us "just how mama' used to make it!" Also - their sangria is superb!
We walked in this evening at roughly 7PM on a rainy Wednesday evening for dinner. The place was surprisingly packed!  We got seated pretty quickly since we had a reservation. The staff was very attentive and appeared to know the menu very well. We started off with a hot antipasto plate which was awesome and surprisingly filling. We actually had to have them hold off on our dinner entrees for roughly half an hour while we enjoyed our wine. For dinner we had veal Marsala and a breaded Chilean seabass..... Both of them were excellent! We had the chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream... Also good but nothing worth coming back for. Overall I was very happy with the experience.
Great place for happy hour and to meet professional people who work in Manhattan and live in Westchester or whatever! I stopped by here last week to check out the atmosphere and have drinks with friends. We had a wonderful time. The night was so fantastic, we decided to sit and have dinner. The service was quick, the staff friendly and the parking was a plus. It's def a hotspot.
My husband & I have been here numerous times, and always left full and happy! Our favorite waiter Anthony is amazing, knowledgeable, and professional.  Sebi, is one of the owners and amazing!! The ambiance is sexy and sultry and the drinks are fab as well! Favorite Appetizer is the chipotle calamari.. PARTY in your mouth!!!!! My Favorite Pasta dish is the tortellini prima vera... My FAV and when they have the specials, if your a seafood fan... I highly recommend the Mahi Mahi.. PERFECTION!!!!! If your in the area and looking for a sexy date night or girls night.. Go to Modern restaurant... You will NOT be disappointed.
Well, we walk in and are "greeted" and I use that term loosely, by a a young girl seated behind a desk who is chewing gum and is rude from the outset.  Sorry to interrupt your texting time hun.   The restaurant looks nice inside, nothing mind-blowing.  It is freezing out and it could use a carpet and a make-shift foyer to keep the cold air out but no one has thought of these touches.  So wherever you are seated in the dining room you are blasted with ice-cold air every time a patron enters or exits. Waiter was ok.  Food was mediocre. Hostess sat on her phone and drank booze from a plastic cup all night while texting.  Weird.
Terrible service. Waitress was rude and unorganized. Unfortunate because the food was very good. I came with a large group so I was able to try a wide variety of items from the menu.
Bread was raw with no crunch Salad was over dressed and soggy clams on the half shell were fresh cocktail sauce was bland Scungilli  was perfect fra diavolo sauce was watery Spinach was drowning in oil no garlic   Glass of red wine was bitter and cheap The music, atmosphere, and lighting were brilliant. The space is massive and at $100 for dinner I felt like I was paying rent. Modern was among the best and affordable restaurants in New Ro when it was a tiny hole in the wall with putting green carpet. Many happy family dinners here when I was young. The food at the new location is so disappointing and over priced.  This was my third and final try. Won't be back
Garlic. Pizza. Thats all I have to say.  It is amazing.  Go order one NOW.
We went for dinner mid-week, and Modern was jam-packed. The interior is worth a trip on its own; the space is beautiful, and the lighting will make you beautiful, too. Service was speedy and attentive, if not super polished. The food didn't quite live up to the room. Dishes were competently prepared, but flavor and complexity were lacking. The pork special was in desperate need of a sauce, and carbonara was bland. The floor is managed pretty aggressively, so a party of two may enjoy the bar while a few four-tops sit idle. Thankfully the bartender was efficient and the tap list is solid.
Poor service-waitress had a bad attitude -- she had no customer service skills.   This is not the best place for families with small children.
The ambiance and decor is great. Can't say the same for the bartenders. Went last night, which was Friday, and the wait was about 30 minutes. My friend and I decided to get a drink at the bar while we waited. Good luck getting the bartenders attention! The one woman bartender wasn't paying attention to any of the customers. She stood there wiping off wine glasses instead of tending to the packed bar. After sitting at the bar for about 10 minutes, a creepy man with a slicked-back pony tail finally came to ask us for a drink, but not before serving people who came to the bar after us. Once we got our drinks he then continued to talk to himself, slam things down, and drop F-bombs. I don't know about you, but when I am trying to enjoy a glass of wine I don't want to be around a crazy bartender who is cursing uncontrollably and makes me question my safety. We finally get a table and order the cold antipasti to start. According to the menu it is supposed to come with prosciutto. Instead it came with DELI HAM! Come on Modern! You have actual Italians coming into your restaurant! You should be ashamed of yourself serving deli ham instead of actual prosciutto! Once we get our entrées the host decides to seat a group of drunk men next to us who did not leave us alone! We were seated right behind the hostess station where the Manager was standing all night. He saw the men bothering us and did not step in to tell the rowdy men to calm down. I think the Manager needs to be more attentive to the customers who are right in front of his face. Not sure if I will go back to Modern again. Maybe once they start serving authentic Italian food and the bartenders learn to handle a full bar as well as watch their language.
The service was so bad here that we didn't even stay long enough to try the food. Our experience was disappointing from the moment we tried to make reservations. When calling to make reservations, we were hung up on not once but twice! Deciding to give them the benefit of the doubt, we went and put our name down and were told there would be a 15-20 minute wait. To pass the time we headed to the bar. The bartender was friendly enough and the martinis were mediocre at best. An entire hour goes by while we watch group after group (who came in after us, mind you) get seated while we were still waiting. Feeling a little miffed to say the least, we asked the hostess how much longer it would be. She said she "didn't forget about us" and that it would be "no more than 5 more minutes." Fine. 15 minutes later we had enough and requested to speak with the manager. Instead of trying to rectify the situation, he flippantly said that he wasn't going to kick people out of their seats if they wanted to stay and chat. The minute the hostess saw we were talking to the manager, she magically found a table and told us we could follow her to a table. Too late. When we said we no longer wished to stay, the manager made no attempt to offer us any incentive and simply said "ok," as if our patronage meant nothing. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. There is an excellent Italian restaurant less than a block away that would more than satisfy anyone looking for a good Italian meal in the area. Unless you have 3 hours to kill on what looked to be average food at best, stay away.
Modern DOES live up to the hype! Good old-fashioned Italian American food in a 'modern' setting. This old Ford dealership has been converted to house the new Modern, which used to be a small pizzeria on the south side of New Rochelle. The outside is alluring, even though you are on Huguenot, but once you enter, you forget entirely. The decor is urban, industrial, and a throw-back...and I LOVE IT! The fresh baked house bread - Worth the carb calories. Just stop counting. The Chicken Scarpariello (off the bone, sweet peppers, and diced potatoes) - One of the best around. The Gnocchi Bolognese - Definately give me more. And I don't mind that the pasta is not homemade by grandma. The Eggplant Parmagiana - As good as it gets. Order the House Sangria's - both the Red and the White are fantastic, but not offered as pitchers. You won't find them on the specialty cocktail list, although other sangrias are listed. So ask for them. Only pet peeve: Misspelled food on the menu (Gnocci, Tortelini, Perchiatelli). Even though the food police was happy, the grammar police was not.
This is a gem in New Rochelle. Went there for a dinner party a few weeks ago. I loved the decor, food, and the service.  I've been back three times taking different family snd friends there and every time the food was awesome, the staff was very pleasant and alert. Dishes I've tried and loved: chicken parm eggplant parm garlic bread bruschetta (my fave) fried calamari, popcorn shrimp (tasty but a bit salty) buffalo wings (sauce ok, on the BBQ/sweet side) mussels in white wine (soooooo good) Caesar salad (delicious with fresh parm cheese) escarole and bean soup fried zucchini lobster ravioli (the bomb.com ..the sauce was delicious and had shrimp and scallops pieces in it) cheese ravioli with meat sauce was pretty good (meat sauce could have been saucier) Drink- had the zinful sangria ....perfect fruity liquor mix. annnndd for desserts I've tried the warm apple tart  with ice cream, tiramisu (this is the best I've tasted in a while ) and the warm chocolate cake with ice cream I can't forget about the deliciously soft and crispy Italian bread they serve as you're seated. Ughhhh delicious.  I didn't try these all at once now lol. My family and friends  order and share meals to get a taste of everything.  So far, I have not been disappointed.  Great spot for business lunch, dinner date night, girls night out, or large group parties. Love when I find a triple threat restaurant (great atmosphere, food, service) this will be my go to spot for now. Cons: parking gets a little tight during the evening but they do offer valet
3.75 stars....I thought that the ambiance here was a solid 5 stars. The type of warm atmosphere that makes you want to keep coming back. Dirty Gin martini was made perfectly, pizza was delicious, salads were prepared well, and our main courses were fantastic inc. Gluten free pasta w/ Marinara. For dessert was the Gluten free flourless chocolate cake...also delicious. The owner came over to our table and answered questions about some of the entrees. Would have given 4 stars except for the fact that the waiter was a little off his game and forgot 2 salads when the rest of our party were eating there's, I don't like it when a lot of employees are hanging out at the hostess table, and it was our first visit here. Will definitely be back when visiting that area again.
Brought some friends from DC to this place and were blown away by the food and service. Modern Lounge is long over due in New Rochelle, whose night scene died in the early 90's. Chic upscale decor and generous portions combined with high quality and freshness. Easily the best Italian restaurant in New Rochelle, combined with a hip lounge vibe, saved us a trip into Manhattan. The calamari fra diavolo was like homemade, the penne al dente.....I posted the pic. My friend had the penne with broccoli rabe, seasoned generously with roasted garlic. The veal parmigiana portion was enough for three! The prices were reasonable for the portion, and Modern is generous on the protein part of the meal, leaving the side pasta as just that; a side. You won't pay $25 to eat five cups of pasta with two oz meat like most places. The dessert list was extensive and impressive. Everything was homemade and fresh. The red velvet cake was as good as mine! Our friends had the cannoli, strawberry shortcake, and a large bowl of ice cream. Everything was delicious, except the cappuccino. But you can't have it all. The restaurant is in an industrial part of town with no parking, so the prompt and courteous valet service was a huge plus. This will be our new spot for nights when Manhattan just feels too far. UPDATE 6/28/13: Brought hubby here for lunch to cheer him up after surgery. Food and service were excellent. Our server, Maggie Sanchez, was warm and friendly. Note to the owner: Please don't change a thing. Portions, quality, service, and ambiance are all on point.
Came here with some of my friends for a Girls Night Out. Every other month, we find a restaurant that will offer us a pre fixe menu for a few hours. For  $25, we got 2 hours worth of wine (red and white) and appetizers (including very generous portions of fried calamari, bruschetta, and four different types of pizzas). The food was delicious, and we got our own private room with plush chairs to sit in and TV. The restaurant is large and spacious, with an impressive menu and extensive bar. I plan to return, whether with a large group (which they could definitely accommodate) or for a romantic, intimate dinner with the hubs. Modern somehow works for both situations.
A cool beans kind of place. Very trendy decor in a roomy space. I would imagine that it's perfect for a date. The pizza is your standard thin-crust, pretty tasty, I liked their sausage. But other than that, nothing about it stands out, at least not during lunch. Maybe I'll try in the evening?
Really 3.5/3.75 stars but rounding up instead of down. We went to the Modern this evening by accident after having a nightmare trying to have dinner at Maestros restaurant on North Ave. let's say we had a completely opposite experience here. The decor is lovely, the service is great and they are very very toddler friendly. I asked our server to put in my daughters ziti right away and she completely understood why, rushed the order and it was on the table in 5 minutes...anyone who has ever had a starving 16 month old gets how important that is! The meatball in the ziti was super supple a great kids meal. Onto our entrees, lasagna was hot and full of meat and a big portion. (All important criteria for the hubby) the scunguilli was  tender, angel hair pasta perfectly cooked and not too soft and fra diavlo was spicy and tasty. Spaghetti with hot sausage was flavorful as well...moly complaint was that the calamari was a bit bland in the scampi sauce and the antipasto (cold) was uninspiring. The wine list is average but we were bummed because they were out of 2 Pinot Grigios by the bottle. All in all solid southern Italian food in a nice setting with fair prices and kid friendly. We will return.
I had a lovely time here last night. The wine selection was delicious, the service was attentive and friendly. I had the lasagna and it didn't disappoint! The lounge room in the back looked like it was hoppin', and that's always nice to see -- adds to the atmosphere, which was pleasant already! I enjoyed my first experience at Modern! :)
Had dinner here last week with a group of old co-workers. I think they did a wonderful job of decorating the place and I saw they even had a private room for parties. Lovel decor...wine racks behind pretty glass doors. The food was good. Drinks were great. I had the white sangria..2 glasses which I enjoyed. We all had pizza. The pizzas are quite generous in size and we ordered way more than necessary. If I had one complaint, it would just be that I felt a little hurried by the server. She came over quite soon after we were seated to see if we were ready to order....we were still saying our hellos to each other. lol  My only suggestion would be to let people settle in a bit before asking for their orders. Otherwise, it was quite good and I would return!!
I really, really want to love this place and I do love the décor & ambiance but I am not in love with the food. The quality is mediocre, I would describe it as Italian bar food. With so many incredible Italian options around Modern is more of a cool place to hang then a place to bring people you're looking to impress with the food. They have great event space - amazing even - but book early as they reserve fast.
Just went here for lunch.  Service was excellent.  Meals very good.  Atmosphere was unique and gave an overall warm feeling.  Definitely would return!
Best Italian Restaurant In New Rochelle. Elegant, Great food, great staff, good service. I am definitely coming back again. Next time I want to seat at the bar and try some of the specialty drinks. "Try the Tuna Tartare..OMG it was really delicious"
