We found out about Burke's on Groupon. We were entitled to one appetizer, 2 burgers or sandwiches & 2 beers. We started with the mushrooms. Although VERY good, I was a bit disappointed that they were battered & deep fried. (I let my boyfriend order the appetizer). We got 10 fried mushrooms over a bed of greens. For dinner, we each "built our own burger". I had mine on a pretzel bun with Irish bacon, sauteed onions & mushrooms with Swiss cheese. He had his on a Hawaiian bun with sharp cheddar, bacon, and onion. The burgers were outstanding! They were as ordered (medium for me, rare for him) and absolutely delicious! We each had a Founders All Day IPA and were very, very happy. :) Side Note: Those who wish to celebrate their birthdays there eat for free! If you have a large group, you can sit at a table with tap handles. Call ahead of time and they will have the beer of your choice available at the table. I love this place...
Best Hot Wings I've ever tasted delicious! The Chicken Pot Pie is good but they we're out of it the last two times we went. Great place very nice staff
I bought a groupon for Burkes for a night out with my girlfriend.  I bought it thinking it was a good deal because it covered 2 burgers/sandwiches, an appetizer, and 2 beers.  When I got there and looked at the menu, I said to myself. "Oh... thats how they get you.  5.00 burger and all the add-ons cost extra." still, I thought it was a good deal because the app and the beers alone would cost the total amount.  However, I was mistaken.  The fixins were all included in the groupon. 1. The service was fantastic. 2. The food was great! I liked the boneless wings. 3. I was able to watch the yankee game without uncomfortably moving my head (and I would have been able to from any table in the house) 4.  We didn't feel singled out or any different from any other customer because we were using a coupon, as some experience in other restaurants. 5.  The beers tasted great too.  There was a decent selection of beers, not craft (Goose Island was bought out by Inbev, so Its up to you if you want to still call it a craft beer).  But what I mean by this is that the taps were clean.  A lot of the time when you go to a bar for the first time you may be weary of ordering a draft beer.  Sometimes theres a faint taste of eggs, or just staleness, or gunky hoses.  The beer here tasted very good. I was extremely impressed with the service and the food here at Burkes.  I even told my coworkers about the deal and they bought one too.  When they came back, they said that management was extremely flexible with substituting menu items and sodas for the beers (they aren't really drinkers).  They were also extremely happy with Burkes.  The only problem I had with this restaurant is that we were served SO MUCH FOOD and it was all so delicious that we had to eat it all and it was a bit uncomfortable walking back to my car and up the stairs back home.  But thats not their fault :)    I will definitely be coming back, with an empty stomach.
This place! Best groupon deal ever plus they offer free beer with checkin. However, it's a hole in the wall. The place has great burgers(and they're free on Thursday evenings) but the place looks like a hole in the wall. The staff hangs out all the time and party's and the service is pretty terrible. The place is falling apart hence why everything is pretty much free. It's hard to give a review with such great deals but such a can. Oh and they do wrist bands on weekends for open bar. They'll do it all to get you in!
I keep coming back for the Parmesan crusted chicken and wedge salad. These two plates are amazing! They have coupons and a free drink also on yelp! My bf and I love this place! Great food, good atmosphere and so reasonably priced! We will be back soon!
Great place ! Service is good , very fast . Good for catching any type of games. I would recommend getting the voucher first if your unsure . I haven't tired anything that I didn't like there so far !!!
Good burger and good wings. Beer selection needs to improve..it's 2014, there's way too much great stuff out there so there's no excuse for the same crappy Millers and Coors. I hadn't been here in a while because the service was so awful last time, but I enjoyed our experience more this outing.
Pretty good for a local spot. Best potato skins! Decent beer selection too. DJ played great music when I went on a weekend night... Classics, 80s/90s and 2000s! Awesome.
Great hit n run. Friendly service. Bar food and burgers on the side of the road beat any fast food joint. Just watch your crossing cause parking is across the street. Its kinda like the game "freeway!" Excellent place to get your rocks off. Love hanging out with my cronies .. Nuff said
Went back on 05/02/14 and was pleasantly surprised. A total 360 from our last experience, all of the meals were deliciously prepared. I ordered the burger and it did come out hot and medium rare as i asked. The crunchified option for the burgers is now a little different with thin cut roasted potatoes instead of regular potato chips, definitely a nice touch. All of the apps were tasty and we did not wait long for our main dishes to arrive. Burkes is once again in the rotation and a big shout out to Brian for making a wrong a big right!!
Dining experience only: I was craving a burger and decided to walk here since it is very close by. Saying this place has the 'best' burger in Westchester County is subjective, as everyone has their own personal preference. I left kind of disappointed, I'm not going to lie. To me, this was definitely not the BEST...or even close. Although the meat had a nice char to it, that was all it had to offer. The flavors did not deliver and it was quite bland. I appreciate the fact that the bun was not soggy! The fries were cooked well and good. We were given complimentary fried green beans with a chipotle dipping sauce. The green beans did not offer any spectacular flavors either. It barely tasted like anything other than the dip. The breading on it has a nice crunch though. As for the mac and cheese appetizer, my beau chose the buffalo chicken and it was pretty good. The food was okay; nothing really stood out. However, I thoroughly enjoyed their scone they offered at the beginning in the bread basket. The service is friendly, but a little lacking. Our waters weren't refilled until the end of the meal and their water glasses are tiny. Mind you, it wasn't even busy.
Burkes has a large and inviting interior. The staff is friendly and helpful. However, I think the burgers are overrated. They are good, but not the best. You have to build-your-own as they do not offer any pre-built house options. The steak sandwich is also good, but has less steak that you would expect. It can get pretty packed on nights that college students decide show up. I was most impressed that I was served my Stella in a Stella glass instead of a boring pint glass.
I totally hate bars and the sleazy bar scene, drunk guys chatting you up or trying to slip you a date rape drug, or just kind of sitting or standing around drinking..Its just always a dead eerie sad  vibe, desperate looking people and a drab feeling I get when I think of every and any bar ive been to in life. Totally NOT my scene! Burkes offered nothing of the reasons why I hate bars. Well lit, well ran, and actually quite fun! The staff is awesome. I was there last night for the amazing women's UFC bout & the place was packed, they had drink, and food special, really great patrons and even though I dont like bars I wouldnt be opposed to returning / its a kind of restuarant hybrid.. lots and lots of table space, a small 2nd floor reserved area .. with yet even more TV screenage for watching sporting events. A DJ comes out to rock the house after the sporting event and win or lose you'll feel great because they were giving FREE  shots. Really hype and fun ambient, I wasnt expecting all that!
best deal for  happy hour (although wish it went til 7pm)and all day $5.00 burgers!! The best bartenders there as well!! Steve & Roz rock!!
One of my local watering holes.  I don't do much drinking, so I usually come to eat.  The turkey meatloaf is my usual plate.  mmmmm!  comes with a nice sized portion of mash.   If I don't get the turkey meatloaf, I'll get the chicken curry with rice.  another tasty dish.   Beer is beer, so they can't really mess that up!   I did take off a star because I usually go in the evenings on a weekday and have noticed that they only have one waitress and it could get pretty busy, which has left us wondering where our waitress went.  There were a few times when we needed something, but the poor girl was running from table to table trying to take care of everyone.  Can't blame the waitress if it's busy and they only have her working.  They should have another waitress.
I went to Burke's on Bronx River Rd in Yonkers yesterday to meet three girlfriends.  I was the first to arrive and was immediately attended to.  A waiter graciously pulled two tables together for our "party".  Everyone else was late.  I sat for an hour alone.  The waiter couldn't have been nicer.  He'd check on me periodically to make sure I was comfortable and didn't seem annoyed that I ordered nothing until my friends arrived.  The food was delicious, and was made exactly to our individual requests.  I'm definitely returning.  It's a relaxed, welcoming atmosphere.  Very casual.
I only had appetizers so far, but they were all delicious and the atmosphere is great. Great place to watch UFC! Will definitely visit again.
Great venue, great bar food.  Burgers are nice with a little bit of a confusing menu, plates, and vessels which they serve. Very dissatisfied that when i asked for a pint that I got a cheater glass.  If you ask for a pint they don't give you a full pint and the glasses are all different as they think they are fooling you.  If you ask your waitress she lies as management probably doesn't tell them and you got one guy as a manager that thinks everyone is stupid and he is earning money by shorting beers. That's a good idea if you don't want people coming back.  Great bar that cheats it's customer base.....so sad!
This is a fantastic spot.  The big, bright red sign is a beacon that begs you to stop in and check the place out. Upon entering, the vibe in this place is just...awesome.  Big bar with a giant TV for games on one side, and tables for the restaurant surround the rest of the place.  There's also a room in the rear of the restaurant that's available for parties. The food.  Yum!  How many choices of Mac & Cheese?  DAY-UM!  I tried the lobster mac & cheese...and let me tell ya, they don't skimp on the lobster.  Big ol' chunks of claw meat...wow.  Cheesy goodness.   The staff was super friendly and helpful.  Service was great.  Will I be back?  Hell yeah!
Best Burgers in Westchester!
I have been going to Burke's Bar for years. Great food every time except once when I stopped in for lunch. Maybe they had a different chef that day??? I only eat there when I am visiting in the area and meet up with friends midweek. Many of my friends grab a meal there before the bands go on Saturday nights. No complaints as far as I know, they keep making reservations for dinner. I have to defend Burke's bar after reading Patrick F's post. I noticed Patrick F. has posted about Burke's on here and on Urban spoon stating he has been there a dozen times. His posts are from March, May and now on Yelp from July. Why does he keep going back if he hates it so much? I have to disagree about the crowd. The crowd is very diverse, all ages and races. I have also never seen any women w/wife beaters and their hats on at "odd angles".  I think he is confused about what bar he was in because it was not Burke's. Also, you can't group 1 person dressed that way and say it is the entire clientele...Patrick was there so does that include Patrick? Just sayin' If Burke's is crowded when there is a good band playing, yes you will wait a little bit to get your drink at the bar but they certainly won't ignore you...the bartenders acknowledge that they see you standing there. Burke's is a nice place to go...give it a shot, then decide. Anyway, that is my two cents...
Been here two times and loved it on each occasion. First time was New Year's Eve 2004 with a few friends for dinner and drinks. We had a big table and the waitress was very attentive to us on the busiest night of the year for bars/restaurants. She kept getting us our drinks and making sure our food was good. Then after dinner we hung out had drinks by the bat and overall it was a great NYE. We returned to Burke's in May 07 and it was another good service by the waitress. Delicious steak and baked potato. I highly recommend the place if you are in the area.
Burkes' is a cool little spot off the BxRiver Pkway. They are known for their steaks, which do happen to be really good. They always get my steak right, perfectly rare and not cardboard. Burkes is a great date spot or maybe I just end up on dates here all the time, whichever the case it is worth a visit if you are in Yonkers. The good but not so great are the quesadillas.  I would stick with the steak and beer.
Waitress was very friendly, and although its also largely a bar, the dining area was not too bar-like. Warm bread served as you wait and it was great! Fried pickles were 3/5- the breading slides off quite easily and I think pickle chips are the way to go for fried pickles vs slices. Wings would get a 3.5/5 for me; I thought they were just a little rubbery? Was told the burger was great; my steak was cooked medium, although I ordered it med rare, but the overall flavor was good, just a bit drier than I prefer so 3/5. Garlic mash and veggies were delicious, as was the gravy that came with the steak -  5/5 for those. I would say that especially with the yelp deal ($20 for $40) Burkes is worth a try.
the $5 burger can't be beat
Purchased the Yelp deal and had a delicious dinner with my bf.  I ordered the fish tacos and they were soo good.  Plus, they were only $9!!!  After dinner, we split an adult shake - amaretto Oreo - it was one of the best shakes I've ever had.  I hope they do takeout orders because those tacos are my new fav n so reasonably priced that I'm going to want them more often.
This is a great Irish pub.  My girlfriend and I are huge fans.  There are plenty of TV's for sports and they're all visible from every angle you sit at. The staff is attentive, the prices reasonable, and the atmosphere is fun.  They had a live band playing the last night we attended.  The huge portions of food will definitely satiate any appetite.  I like how the locale makes it seem like a secluded joint yet it's right next to a highway. Overall, a better than average, bang-for-buck establishment for those wanting some elbow room from your typical NYC Irish pubs.
Sooo I have been to burks before & the weekend bar crowd for the most part is good, dispite being sorta in the middle of nothing...it's a nice bar but between a 1983 closed down citgo & a little cemenary surrounded by residential homes....not a real happening area...I bought the $19 groupon for 2 beers,2 burgers & 1 appetizer & decided to dine on a Monday night with my fiancé....ok place was a ghost town (and next to a cemetery how ironic) one person @ the bar & 2 tables becides us....we waited 5-7 minutes for the waitress to take our drink/app orders & atleast 10 minutes for our beers to arrive....app was good & beers were cold....now here's the burger deal...I guess burks wants to be a burger place now & advertise all over a "famous $5 burger"...soooo for $5 you get a burger...choice of bun (they were out of the pretzel bun) & onion rings....everything else is extra....lettuce,cheese,peppers,tomatoes....For $19 groupon the meal wasn't bad but I don't see it as such a good deal otherwise....Oh after my beer I ordered water & we got brought 2 more pints of some mystery beer instead...I drank it & smiled.....all in all burks is just ok,I'd say go on a Saturday night for the brew & grab burgerking during the week if you want a burger!
This is the worst bar in Westchester. The wait staff are hired based on looks rather than skill. They spend all their time talking to friends rather than serving. When you do get served it is with attitude . The food is mediocre, the drinks nothing special. The clientele is mostly ignorant cretins. If you are not ALREADY one of them, don't bother. Mostly hats on @ odd angles, "wife beater" tee shirt types, & those are the females. There are  so many other bars within 2 miles of this place, go elsewhere.  McLean Ave has several just like it on every block, difference is the service  is good, & the clients do not seem to have swung down from the trees 10 secs before they scraped their knuckles through the door. That & consistently bad service, why go in.
I was helping a friend DJ on September 20, 2008 and the night was going well. By all accounts the food was good and the party was going well. However at midnight when the groom offered extra money to keep the bar open because the good times were flowing the manager said no. Everyone concerned thought no big deal we will just buy our own drinks. The first person to walk up and buy his own beer was charged $12 for a bottle of Coors lite. I was then charged $15 for a Guinness. From that point on anyone having to do with the wedding was charged a crazy fee and none of us have been back, and no one should go there in the future!!!! I hate this place!!!!
I've Been going to this place for years now.  The bartenders are all great and the waitstaff is friendly.  The food has gone a little downhill over the last year or so but, it's still good This place is pure Yonkers.  A few Irish and commuters who work in the city but mostly Yonkers locals.  Cops , Firemen, teachers and of course Yonkers Guido's and wannabe tuff guys. Hands down the best place to watch the Yankees and football, on Sundays during the season, in the area.  The specials during the games are ridiculous and you definitely get your moneys worth on food and drinks. The TVs are set up so that no matter where you are you won't miss a thing.  I can't say enough how great this place is for big games. The weekends are hit or miss.  Depending on what band is playing, it could be great or kind of lame.  The place clears out after the bands finish around 1 or 2 .  It's  difficult to get a cab at this time of night so,  it's a problem then if you want to head somewhere else and you're not driving. During the week the place quiets down quit a bit.  It transforms into a nice cozy and easy going spot.  Great place to hide out for a quiet drink with a date or few friends.  The guys behind the bar are great and you get a chance to chat with them during the week.  Big Mick and Kevin have been there forever and are truly nice guys and great bartenders. A little off beaten path but worth the trip. Random observation- What's the deal with the creepy manager hanging out in the shadows ?
yummy burgers!
This is my second home. Don' t fuck around in here.
So I moved in down the street from Burkes, I m not fond of the crowd (baseball caps and ginny Ts), however the wait staff is quite nice, the wings are great and the vibe outside the clientel is superb for a neighborhood pub.
Rotten service.
Great times...awesome food, great food and awessome batenders! will come back!
This Irish bar is great. The atmosphere is fun and alive. There are tv's to watch football, a DJ that plays good music, good service, and the food very good. We ordered a REAL sampler platter that had wings, chicken tenders and potato skins all homemade, none of those heat up in the microwave. Absolutely amazing! For an entree, I shared the chicken curry with my boyfriend. The size was good for 2 people, and it was delicious, and I'm not a big fan of curry to be totally honest. I will be back to this place again soon.
After a great sushi dinner, Cori and I decided to grab a drink and fingers crossed a delicious dessert. We walked around the area where Haiku was, but we really didn't find anything good, so we decided to go to this place were her and her finance visit when they feel like going out for a couple of drinks. We got in around 9ish and it was pretty dead. There were only about 3-4 tables set and no one at the bar. No worries, all we cared about was catching up with each other. So anyway we sat down and ordered two rounds of drinks and the chocolate cake a la mode. The drinks were good - not that strong and super cheap. The chocolate cake was by far delicious. It was actually molten chocolate cake with a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream with chocolate and raspberry sauce. So rich and moist - I could have eaten two of them! Other than that, not much more to say about the place.
My husband and I went there to just check the place out. Great place! Very strong flavorful drinks, attentive waitress. We only had the burgers- excellent- cant wait to go back and bring friends! Try the other stuff on the menu!
Great atmosphere and good food. Nice local pub and friendly staff. Their steaks are always top notch! Be sure to get the deep fried oreos for dessert.
It's a bar, sometimes too noisy for a conversation during dinner, depends and time of day and whether or not there is a band.  Good staples, wings, burgers, Love the cuban pork quesadilla, and their steak isn't bad either.  Late nite weekday (wed/thrus) there is a lovely dark haired bar keep who name escapes me but she is efficient and friendly to her regulars and her new customers :-P
I went in the other night and had my heart set on an old fashioned, but instead, I was given some whiskey and lemon juice. Upon stating to the bartender that this wasn't what I ordered, that I ordered an old fashioned, he said that's what he gave me. I pointed out that it contained no bitters and what i got was basically a whiskey sou. It was not until then that he confessed that they were out of bitters. It was amazing that h he thought I was dumb and didn't know the ingredients to a drink I ordered. Of course he charged me full price for something I didn't order and was horrible at that.
Friendly staff, good food, good beer, what more could you want from an Irish pub?
Its a okay place. everytime i've been there there isn't really a crowd. Burgers are real good here. the 2nd time i went i decided a quesadia (sp?) but idk why i did it was okay but this is more like a bar food kind of place, my boyfriends phily cheese steak wasen't even made with philly cheese steak cheese it had chedder. just stick with bar food nothing extravagant. i would go again. & plus with the deal on yelp you can't go wrong. spend $20 pay $10.
A great place to grab a beer & bar food. Also, there's a nice restaurant I'm the back. It's a little loud up front, but more family oriented in the "family area"
Our server Jessica was awesome and the food was great! I love the atmosphere and draft beer selection. This is my new spot for Sunday brunch.
