Champagne wishes and Caviar Dreams is what this high end strip mall is all about.  I park between the Mercedes, BMW's, Range Rovers and Lexi (Lexususues??) Just to find that special little gift for someone special.  Tiffany! Gucci! Prada!  Hermès!  Oh My GAWD!  I mean like totally!  Uh, like reallay who can't live without a little luxury in their life, ya know.  Totally rad.
I've always been a fan of the Americana. Many of us here are probably way too young to remember, but this mall has very humble beginnings as just another '60s vintage strip mall. However as the demographics of the surrounding area began to change (in the form of a huge influx of high net worth individuals) in the '80s the developers got the idea to turn this into a high end open air mall. So now we have the Americana Manhasset, with a Prada, Gucci, J. Crew and other high end stores. I'm particularly fond of the Coach store here, so we find ourselves here quite a bit. Whether you come to shop, eat, or car spot (Mercedes-Benz and BMWs are like Hyundais here, and a Ferrari or 3 is not an uncommon sight) you're sure to enjoy it. Just make sure your pockets are deep, unless you're just sight seeing. Truly one of my favorite places to shop.
I have lived in Manhasset a loooonnnngggg time.  I have been here maybe 4 times.  Because I have daughters who want to show me things I will not buy. God has been good to my family.  We have a little money.  I can afford to shop here.  I do not.  Why?  It feels like everyone is judging you, sizing you up.  Shoppers, shop keeps, everyone. I like Tiff's on Fifth in the city.  I spend money at some of these same establishments elsewhere.  I'm not a fan of...  here. I love Apple.  Geeks who spend money like bright, shiny Apple products.  Here, it's another status thing.  There seem to be a lot of non-geeks and people are not nice in the parking lot.  i go to Garden City. Listen: if it's your scene, God bless you.  It's just not mine.
Went to the annual auto show yesterday. While I was impressed and loved seeing this menagerie of cars, the Americana itself is a mess. There was no parking, and there are no sidewalks around the mall, so when we parked across the street at my sisters dental office we had to walk on the side of the street with traffic right next to us, it was very unsafe. Also, a friend who lives right behind the mall was upset the mall had given no notice of the event to neighbors and she had cars blocking her driveway so she couldn't park in her own driveway. The parking lot needs a lot of work and you would think all the money this mall makes it would undertake that project, but of course not. It's a headache.
The parking lot here is like a European car show. Apparently, the people in the neighborhood who shop here have more money than God can print and want to make sure you know it. Surprisingly, there is quite a selection in the clearance sections of places like J.Crew or Urban Outfitters for some reason. I guess the person in the Bentley isn't shopping in the clearance section. Good for me and my Toyota!
My family was trapped in a elevator at this location for over 1 hour.  The elevator company refused to call the management , they refused to call 911 and the Mall Manager of Operations did not have a clue.  THIS IS A HIGH END Mall were its patrons are at risk   We were stuck in the elevator for 1 hour.  We rang the bell and screamed nothing happened until miraculously we got one bar and we were able to reach 911.  The Mall Manager and the Chief Marketing Officer seem to think, 'sorry'  :-( is OK.  Well I say, get on the elevator at your own risk.  When I told them I would be reporting this the response is what do you think that will do........ It will totally enforce  CARPE DIEM !
Those who enter the Americana Manhasset zone will come in contact with a noxious attitude.  If you've heard about Long Island snobs, here's where they come to shop---it's Rodeo Drive or Madison Avenue in a strip mall, albeit a beautiful one.  Louis Vuitton, Van Cleef & Arpels, Fendi, D&G, Ferragamo---all luxury brands are here.   Make sure to drive your Italian or German car when you come to visit...I think your car must be of a certain worth to even cross the parking lot threshold.  Please get over yourselves. Have a peek at my David Yurman experience: yelp.com/biz/david-yurma… There is what seems to be a separate wing of the shopping plaza that houses your mall standards like Sephora, H&M, and Victoria's Secret. While the mall itself is accessible, its shops will vary.
A tiny Slice of Manhattan. Think of your favorite upscale stores along 5th, copy and paste them into a stretch along Northern Boulevard and you have the Americana shopping center.   Located along the "miracle mile" (what the miracle is/was I have no idea), it is easy to get to and way less crowded (sometimes) than that mecca of shopping - 5th ave. Be warned:  the parking lot is usually jammed with knuckleheads driving too fast for their own good.
As other Yelper's have mentioned... this is a strip mall. But a strip mall on money steroids. There are no large anchor tenants, yet,  Americana's numerous store fronts house some of the best brands in the world. When I come into town to visit family, I always look forward to my time with them AND taking the time to cruise through the stores along this little shopping oasis. It's just lovely! Americana Manhasset in music: youtube.com/watch?v=lp4U… youtube.com/watch?v=iBbo… Enjoy!
An upscale strip of designer brand name stores in Long Island.  It's like Fifth Avenue in the surburbs.  It's extremely clean and will definitely break your budget.  I'm sure Billy Joel, the Baldwins, and other famous elite Long Islanders shop here.  Indeed upscale stores/restaurants employees are snooty and rude treating customers lack of respect looking at you if you can afford to pay for a Burberry $500.00 hand bag.  Shoppers come here to browse and to add "I've been to Manhasset, NY" on their TripAdvisor travel map rather than actually making purchases. N.B.  You get what you pay for.. the more you spend the better quality you'll get though as no doubt about that.
New Rule: If Billy Joel sings about a shopping center, it automatically receives 5 stars. The idea that a high end shopping mall is included in a song is pretty cool in my opinion, particularly because it is now part of the cultural lore of the area. The Americana indeed boasts some high end shops, but in recent years, stores like Abecrombie & Fitch, H & M, and Crate & Barrel have moved in and it's "elitist" reputation as a shopping center (I never knew inanimate objects like clothes had a reputation haha) has given way to a more we have something for everyone type of feel. There are also two really good restaurants in the shopping center: Toku, a high end sushi restaurant which is possibly the best in Nassau County, and Cipppolini, a great place to go during the summer as they have outdoor seating and you can look at all of the fashionistas and tourists attempting to look way too chic when locals like myself roll up in flip flops and funny t-shirts. Great customer service, products, and environment, especially in the summer, make The Americana one of the best kept shopping secrets on Long Island. The prices may be high, but if you want the best, or at least what products our society holds in high esteem, you are going to have to pay.
This is a nice high end strip mall in Manhassat,NY. Loses one star,  for its snooty store managers and equally snooty customers. Also loses one star because unless you live nearby, you probably won't venture here, its in Manhassat, Long Island! Among the stores: Tiffany and Co., Victoria's Secret, Burberry, Gucci, Hermes and about 25 more high end snooty yet extremely nice shops. They do have a Gap, Banana Republic, Athletes Foot and a few other down to earth priced shops for people that do not have 1k to blow on a Saturday afternoon.
I like the Americana. When I actually plan on buying something, if the Americana has the store, I would prefer going here. It is less crowded than any other shopping center, and I find the staff to be friendly, even though others state otherwise. Its an outdoor shopping center so if the weather is nice it can be a pleasant experience, shopping or not. my boyfriend likes coming here with me because he likes checking out the cars in the parking lot and thinking he is cool because he knows the model, make, and price tag. ***HM is not here anymore, which sucks because it was the least crowded HM I have ever been too and I love the kids clothes.
I would say this is Manhasset's version of 5th Ave but with a nicer ambience. Flowers, walkways, seating areas. I've watched it change over the past 9-10 years since going as a little girl. A few stores have disappeared while new ritzier stores have moved in. I remember visiting as a child with my grandparents while they picked out trinkets at Burberry and LV and picking out kitchenware with my mom at Williams Sonoma or Crate & Barrel. Hassling my mom to hurry up while shopping at Hallmarks, Gap and BR. I often stop by across the street at Whole Food's to pick up groceries afterwards. During spring time, the flowers are always blooming and the winter decorations are always fabulous. Even if you're not there to shop, It feels like a winter wonderland during the colder seasons.
Being that all the malls in the local area have gone to the way side, example Roosevelt Field Mall, Americana Manhasset is a nice relaxing place to shop in the Nassau area. The only down fall is you have to have big time cash to even consider shopping in some of the stores. The Apple Store is a dream compared to other locations.
This is one of the malls that take much of your budget+look than just walking into a regular one hoping to find sthg under half of your pocket. i mean, you may find "some" few great deals such as h&m (close down) or gap and rarely abercrombie tho!. otherwise, Don't even think stepping inside other stores if you not willing to spend over $500 or so...that includes gucci, louis vitton, juciy curture and daffy's for last which is closing for business. i think this luxury mall is exclusively built up for white people. (sorry if i've been too directed). The place is really cool, i give it 4 stars because i love being around the brand name designer labels.  apparently it is like a mini-opened camp sorrunded by shopping houses. you will find either a parking space of your choice or do a rather a walk. even though most of the stores are somewhat highly overpriced, still is woth the visit if you ever wanted to lean the high-class people. by the way, i would never ever drive in with my honda civic 96  to that place again!
Really expensive, pretentious shopping. They also close really early. Nice to walk around though, and very pretty!
It's a Saturday afternoon in the Summer. The sun is shining, birds are chirping and I've got 5 hours to kill before meeting the gang at Nautical Mile for drinks. What's a south shore girl to do? Put every piece of designer clothing & accessory you own (it doesn't matter if you match) and hit Miracle Mile! Remember since we drive beaters always park far out in the lot by the other beaters, aka "the employee lot". Seriously though, the Americana is a gorgeous strip mall filled with some very high end shops. I do stop at Crate and Barrel often (ugh I have such a soft spot for home goods...). The mall is VERY well maintained and has art placed sporadically  throughout the walk.  During the spring the landscaping and flowers are out of this world.
As far as upscale shopping goes, it's perfect. I love this outdoor mall, full of high end retail stores with excellent service.  Even if you just want to window shop they keep the landscaping very nice and they have 2 restaurants and a snack bar if you want a good lunch or to or just a quick bite. Another reason it's a great mall is because in the mix of chanel and gucci you can also find a banana republic, gap, sephora, bebe, lululemon and other more affordable choices.   So if you don't have a huge budget you can still find something pretty for yourself.
When shopping is what you crave of high-end products or brand names, Americana Manhasset is your one-stop wonderland without the rush and hassles of a typical shopping mall. Brands are numerous, Lacoste, Prada, Juicy Couture, Ralph Lauren, Brooks Brothers, Hirshleifers, Burberry, the Apple Store, etc to name just a few. Staff at the Apple Store, Hirshleifers, and Juicy Couture are the friendliest and most helpful, thus making the shopping experience pleasant.   With plenty of parking, its a good option for those who don't like going to the malls...
Bad idea coming to americana during Concourse d' elegance, parking will be impossible and the supposedly special cars that they showcase during this event are very much similar to the usual parking lot here
This place has got a bit of everything. You've got your high-end stores all linked together to make shopping extremely easy. For those looking for the not so high-end, there are plenty of popular stores for you to shop around. Ample parking and convenient in all ways.
Best high end shopping area outside of 5th Avenue. The biggest draw about this place is the level of customer service. Because of the amount of traffic to this place, the help you get is much better, at least it feels that way. I do get annoyed with Louis Vuitton and Prada. LV because I feel the staff there is a little snotty and Gucci because they are always really packed. But I went to Burberry last night and had the most pleasant service not just from 1 but 2 of their staff there. Added plus for dog owners, they are very dog friendly.
I really don't understand why the workers at the stores are so snobby and rude.  They swear they're in Beverly Hills making big dollars, working retail.  If you don't dress to impress, the sales people will give you dirty looks and be very rude.  Especially at Burberry, Polo and Gucci.  Next time, I'll be sure to get their names!  Makes me hate the brand as they represent them.  They really need to train their employees and train them all over again on customer service 1 on 1.  The stores are nice, but really, makes me not want to go there, but shop at Park Ave instead with much better service all around.
Well...this is about as high end as you get. I mean, you want Gucci, you got it. You want Tiffanys, you got it. But if you want BR, or J Crew, or H and M, or Sephora, or Vicky's, you can also get that here. I like shopping here b/c there is not alot of people. And...they do have sales, and they have a good collection thats not picked over. So its nice to shop and be at ease, and find some good deals.
Come on, 5th Ave and Madison Ave lux shopping WITH plenty of parking and WITHOUT  the annoying tourist traffic?!  Need I say more?!?!
Top notch shopping center. It does have a nice Apple Store amongst other high end shops. It is not as crowded. They have hired folks to direct traffic during peak times.
I like coming to Americana because they have top notch high end designer retail. This shopping center is located in a beautiful area, and across the street is another little shopping area (Bed Bath &Beyond, Benihana's, and Whole Foods).  Nice mall if you have money, and if you don't have much of it, prepare for a huge mouth drop!!
I don't know why some people are giving the Americana bad reviews. It's the Americana, people! High end stores that you'll love (if you can afford it). Expect no sales, but the stores have the latest fashions. Parking is great, but since it's a strip mall, you wouldn't want to shop in the rain or during the winter. It's tooo cold to walk around!
Unless your name ends in Madison or Wilson don't expect to do your christmas shopping here! On the bright side, this place has beautiful lights and store displays this time of the year.
Great for upscale shopping! There are lots of high end boutique inside this mall. Friendly staff. Parking is fairly easy to find.
very upscale shopping center. every store is well-organized. Especially when you go to those very luxurious places like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, or even Coach, they have special edition bags and newly arrived bags really early and they are all presented nicely. It is especially nice when you come here on the spring, and walk around with some shopping bags in your hand, maybe grab some lunch outdoor (I forgot the name of the restaurant though..) Only con is that they don't have much affordable clothing stores here. But I only come here when I want a really nice bag for a special occasion or just head to Abercrombie & Fitch, Banana Republic, and Gap and just leave most of the time :) hehe wide stretch of parking lot!!! Love it!! :)
The americana is amazing, The highest end place to shop in nassau county. But this place has CHANGED. I live right nearby and where the brooks brothers is now there was a waldbaums years ago. Crazy how things change. Hirshleifer's is amazing, best store there.
There is so much to say about the Americana.  So much.  Too much.  I look at the 5-star rating above this text in disbelief because here I am actually conforming by giving one of Long Island's most posh and expensive shopping scenes a 5-star rating.  But, guess what?  It deserves it!  Bring up the Americana in a conversation and most Long Islanders will blow it off as "such a scene" or only where the rich people go shopping.  Well, it is a scene, but in all reality the Americana is a place where people of all walks of life either go shopping, out for food, just to browse, or even just to walk.  Tourists even come here from NYC for a day out because of the Americana's reputation.  I myself enjoy just walking around and then ducking into one of the restaurants for lunch or a drink.  Why people need to apologize for coming here is beyond me.  The grounds are beautiful, maintained well, and clean,  The stores are exceptional, and comparisons to Rodeo Drive could be a little over-done but are certainly not unfitting.  I used to come here with my parents when I was younger, at a time when the "Miracle Mile" had a more local vibe with Swensons and more every-day style.  So, I have seen this shopping area grow with time (and with the increased affluence of the North Shore of Long Island).  But, the Americana is not all high-style.  You can come here to shop at Apple, J.Crew, Gap, Brooks Brothers, Cole Haan, amongst other stores, all of which are very buyable for anyone with a job in New York.  The Americana really is still a pretty well-rounded strip mall, and a far more pleasant experience than dealing with the chaos in larger malls like Roosevelt Field or Walt Whitman.  Instead of getting jealous of the two Ferraris and one Bentley parked in the front row, appreciate success and work a little harder.  None of this should take away from the Americana that it is a beatiful, chic, stylish, and pleasant shopping experience for anyone during a nice day.  Come here.
nothing better fav stores...one stop shopping !!
the best upscale shopping in long island.  has all the high end stores and plenty of parking.  think of it like mini rodeo drive/beverly hills meets north shore long island.  there are also good eating options around.  i like coming here on a nice spring/fall day to buy some stuff.  be prepared to spend or just peruse around...
Hate the people. Love the stuff. There is no better place to bring mommy and daddy's credit card.
If you like shopping around obnoxious rich stuck up Long Islanders, then you should shop at Americana Manhasset. Just about every store I stepped into, every sale rep gave us dirty looks and a pissy attitude as if we're not welcomed into their store to browse. The Rolex store for instance, they gave us zero customer service until they noticed 4 out of 7 people in our group were rockin Rollies. I decided to tell my visiting relatives "F this place" after the sale rep suddenly approached us and started talking nice. We ended up going to Torneau a few days later. I've been to Americana twice and both times were just bad experiences. All of the shoppers looked like bored to death housewives looking for something they really don't need in their already fancy lives, spoiled teenagers (w/ their mommy and daddy's credit cards), and husbands/boyfriends who stick to their wives/girlfriends like glue and zombie walk as a human shopping bag.
I recently received a gift card to the Americana Manhasset and when I went to use it in CWonder & White House|Black Market .... I was denied:( Apparently, any store from Sephora down to Crate & Barrel is considered "The Gate." Which means your gift card is NOT ACCEPTED. Gift Cards are for stores like Tory Burch, PRADA, Chanel, etc.....(this information is not disclosed when buying the gift card...so I'm letting yah know!)
I love that it's on the outdoor stretch when the weather is gorgeous out. You don't necessarily have to spend your precious buck in every store (good for you if you have it!). The shops can get a little judgey, there's no doubt about that, but it is what it is. If they don't think I can afford half the things there half the time I am there, they're not entirely wrong. I'm there for the visual. The occasion does rise that I can't let go of the itch of wanting something buttery-leathery and I may indulge. Just not often... Most of the time it's to spend an afternoon in the sun walking up and down the shops with a Little trailing behind because we have time to kill. The hell do I care what they think... :). We spent $8 on a bottle of water, a cup of iced coffee (for mama), some snacks and a solid 4 hours in the sun. Well spent I would say. On all counts.
I LOVE shopping here- Hirshleifer's, Loro Piana, Zegna, Tiffany & Co, Van Cleef and Arpels and hen lunch at Toku is a favorite way to spend an afternoon. Top notch shopping and cuisine!
If you're in the Queens/LongIsland area and traveling to the city to get to the high-end stores on 5th ave seems like too much of a trek for you, Americana Manhasset is your godsend. A strip of pricey and upscale stores await your perusal. If you're looking for an impressive gift for your mom, your spouse, someone you dearly want to suck up to, etc.... this is the place to do your shopping. But please, don't dress like a bum, appearances must be kept! The strip itself is always freshly manicured with decorative pieces (horse statues, seasonal flower beds). The lots are filled with Beemers, Benzes and Bentleys and your pockets better not be empty. (Thanks Lloyd Banks!) The shopfronts are gorgeous and most of the salespeople are polite, informative, and helpful (as long as you are being a courteous customer and/or look like you're about to drop a fat load of cash). My mom loves to go here to "window shop" and she's always been treated nicely. Just remember your manners when checking out the stores, even and especially if you're not buying. Expect most of the big brand names- Gucci, Prada, Zegna, Chanel, LV, Ferragamo, Apple, Hermes, Cartier, Tiffany, Lululemon...etcetc. Their stores close pretty early although the specific closing times might vary from store to store. Check their website for a full list of stores and daily hours.
