Before I ever had a pedicure, I had a mental image of what the experience would be like: tastefully decorated, modern yet comfortable atmosphere with relaxing music, comfortable chairs and a glass of wine in hand. Finally, I found the salon that matches my dream pedicure experience. This salon is two stories, converted from a house.  The nail salon is on the second floor.  Gorgeous high ceilings with sky lights, beautifully decorated with a small dry bar.  Wine was immediately offered to us - YES PLEASE. The technicians were incredibly professional.  Just enough "small talk" but also allowing us to be quiet or just chat amongst ourselves. They provided all the services I've come to expect in a pedicure, including lengthy massage, exfoliation, hot towels, etc.  My feet have NEVER felt so smooth as they did after this particular pedicure. A pedicure costs $46 which isn't cheap - but if you are looking for the full relaxing experience, this is the place to go.
Best spa around. Great staff, clean facility, and relaxing atmosphere! A+
For a while, Toscana Salon and Day Spa was one of my favorite spas to goto in the area.  Toscana has refurbished a beautiful home in Clarence, New York and transformed it into a classy spa with a Tuscan feel.  Over the years, I have utilized most of the services here including their massages, pedis and manis.  I even took a chef-friend for a mani/pedi who has hobbit-like feet and hands that reflect his years of searing and chopping in the kitchen.  It was the day before his wedding and all the girls were getting their hair did.  While he was skeptical as to the masculinity behind mani/pedi's he was quickly won over by the skilled hands of the staff.  (A good leg scrub and massage can quickly turn the hardest of hearts.)  Even more impressive the girls didn't bat an eye (or lose their lunch) as he dipped his Frodo-pods into the warm bubble bath in anticipation of the horrors that awaited. I always like Toscana because it had a warm, family-like feel.  The owner always greeted me at the door, offering wine, coffee or water as I would wait in anticipation for my massage.  One time, around Christmas, they even offered me Cannoli as I waited.  Mi piace!! Every time I go to Toscana I would request Gina for a massage, though I'm not sure if she's still there as I have not been to this spa in quite some time.  Gina has amazingly skillful hands and a wonderful touch that makes for an amazing massage.  However, my problem with Toscana, as most spas in the area is that they do not have any changing rooms or showers.  I HATE going home dripping with massage oil and getting it all over my clothing and car seats.  As much as I love Toscana, it was much easier to go to Excuria which is closer and has those facilities (along with their amazing steam shower). While I truly miss Toscana, I would highly recommend their services to anyone who isn't as picky as I am about a shower after a massage.
Yesterday was my first visit to Toscana Salon & Day Spa. Wow, this place is so beautiful! I felt like I was at a 5 star resort in Tuscany. It's beautifully decorated and has a very relaxing ambiance, the minute you walk in the door. I was greeted by the friendly receptionist, offered water and was quickly taken upstairs to their beautiful large room (where they do spa parties) to begin my day of pampering. I started with a manicure which was wonderful.  Uzma was my manicurist and she did a wonderful job. Very personable and attentive. Next was a pedicure. I've had many pedicures in my life but this one topped them all.  Diane was so friendly and took her time.  About an hour was spent and my feet look and feel great!  I love the chairs they have, with built in music/headphones and a pulsating vibration to the beat of the music.  Although the shiatzu massage chairs are still my favorite.  I was offered a glass of wine while having my services done.  If you're ever thinking of doing a spa party, this room is perfect.  With many nail stations and pedicures spa chairs, there's also a relaxing room and a full bar where you can bring food and drinks to set up, it's very nice!  I didn't have a chance to get a massage in, but I did meet Joelle who just gave me a 2 minute feel of her touch and I can't WAIT to go back and see her!  Everyone was very friendly and made me feel so pampered and special.  Thank you and I WILL be back soon!
