The only large grocery store in the area, so it gets the job done. Pros: cheap prices, has pretty much everything you would need, lots of parking Cons: sometimes only a few cashier's open at a time, produce area is DISGUSTING
99.9% of the people that work here are a nightmare. I've never seen so many angry people under one roof. It is not the cleanest but they often have decent prices on the groceries I shop for which is the only reason I make the trip here, only for things I can't find at Fairway.
This is a review for the rude baker on August 23rd 2014 at 10am - i ordered a thomas cake, and i forgot my ticket but i knew exactly who the name was under and i paid for it when i got there so obviously its my cake, i paid for it This is what the rude baker said to me "Next time have your ticket because pick up time was not until 12pm- but its ready" I said excuse me? And she repeated herself, i said why would i pick up the cake at 12pm, when the party i am having starts at 12pm that does not make any sense?! Your staff made that mistake on the paper and even if that was a mistake the cake is ready, what does it matter if i pick it up now or later if the damn cake is ready! First do not talk to customers that way, rude tude!!! It gets you a shout out on yelp for being unprofessional!! Needless to say, i got my cake but i have to stop entertaining ghetto rude attitudes!
I swear I was almost crying when I visited this supermarket - it looks ugly, the quality of food is scarce and you really force yourself to buy something
10/31/07 As the snow flies On a cold and gray chicago mornin A poor little baby child is born In the ghetto... In the ghettooooo! The only saving grace is the 24-7 availability. No matter what time you go, expect long check out lines. I used to shop often and redeem my free turkey around Thanksgiving (spending $300 is easy) but now I come here randomly for cold beer. The 50% of the time clean restroom has been a lifesaver to me on a few occasions. There is plenty of parking on the "2nd floor" since the early birds fill up the spots on the ground level. 2/2/08 UPDATE Yes, I saw some good sales in this week's circular (4 pepsi 12 pk + 2 bags of Doritos for $12) so I had to return. I drove and could find parking on the upper level. Since I am a fool I ended up buying Red Baron frozen pizzas, yogurt and hot dogs. I waited at least 30 minutes on line, behind patrons with OVERFLOWING carts. There is a Dunkin Donuts in Pathmark now. A cup of joe would help my through the experience of navigating through shopping cart gridlock. Crap, the checkout lines really do suck. IFHTP 3+
Oh, Pathmark, how do i love thee... let me count the ways: 1) A zillion register lines, but only a handful open no matter how crowded it is. 2) Produce that looks like it fell off the back of a truck, and then was run over by another truck, before making it to the shelves 3) Customers who block the aisles with their overfull carts and then look at me like i'm an ass when i try to squeeze by after waiting 5 minutes for them to move 4) Employees with that vacant, bovine stare 5) Constant reminders over the PA system that register clerks should not leave circulars in the carts and baskets 6) The insane markup on organic items 7) The way it looks like someone crawled into the ben&jerry's ice cream case and had a massive seizure 8) The in-store pharmacy that has to special order even the most mundane of prescriptions ...but it is open 24/7, which is handy.
It's the closest supermarket to where I am and yes, like all the other reviews say...the produce is not the freshest. However, if you plan on eating your foods quickly as in the next couple of days, you'll be okay. It's the closest, local supermarket so I can't complain too much because I have to shop here. It serves my basic needs and I have a savings card which helps, but how I yearn for a Trader Joe's or Safeway. Prices are a bit high than a regular grocery market and selection/variety is decent. One big pet peeve is the layout of the check out area. When lines form, they block and overcrowd the area. It's a big pain so avoid peak shopping times such as weekday, after work.
This is the only supermarket in this area. A big plus is that it's open 24/7. A big negative is that since it's the only one in the area, everyone goes to it and the lines are always really long.  They have plenty of aisles available, but only seem to open about 5 of them any given time.  Opening up more cash registers would greatly help with this congestion problem.  The cashiers (on the 12 items or less line) are REALLY slow for some reason and it's just annoying, especially when it's apparent that there's a long line just waiting.  Everytime I'm on line, someone is always complaining about the long wait.  I've been here in the afternoon and after work (5pm-ish) and both times, lines are pretty bad.  It's better if you come later at night (9pm) as not as many people shop then. The supermarket is huge and you will probably find whatever you are looking for here.
Alright so this place is definitely not a whole foods. Nor does it claim to be. This is the kind of place where you can find your basic supermarket items plus more random things when it seems like a warehouse misplaced an order like cheap leather jackets and carpet.  they have  semi-not really fresh fruits that spoil faster than you use to. they do, however, have good deals such as 3x 12pack sodas for 8 bucks. and 88cent celeste pizzas. 88 CENTS!! i've been eating those my whole life and i've only seen it go down to 99cents. as for the lines, you can expect it to be busy, when you would expect it to be busy: after work, on the weekends, and late at night when there are only a couple registers open. anyway. they have a website and you can view the weekly circulars online so thats helpful. it's a convenient place to go if you've got no choice/transportation. sounds delightful right? the produce is no good. 3stars.
the only I reason I would go here is because they are open 24 hours (for that 3 am ice cream run), otherwise  I would recommend avoiding this place like the plague. It is filthy beyond belief There are about a hundred employees working here, but only 2 of them work the registers ( why bother having 20 checkout lines if you are only going to use one of them?!?) And when you actually get to the checkout stand, the clerks who are  snippy and curt, always seem to be making change or going on break And did i mention how disgustingly filthy it is, seriously when was the last time this place was cleaned?
This supermarket has two major flaws: 1) The produce is often not very fresh, especially fruits.  To add insult to injury, the produce is also more expensive than other supermarkets, and rarely are there sales on vegetables or fruits.  However, you can always count on a sale for soda, chips, cookies, and other junk foods. 2) Many (but definitely not all) of the cashiers are not very friendly or efficient.  This is most frustrating when the lines are 5+ carts long.   Do not go to this market on a weekday after work (around 5pm) because it is super crowded. Other than that, it's your typical large-chain supermarket.  They recently bought new shopping carts that are so much better than the old carts that required a quarter deposit to use.
I grew up going to pathmark because it's the only place my mom would shop and now it's the only place I shop.  I don't come here unless I ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO.   It's ghetto and always crowded.  I have a few secrets to avoid lines, but I'm not going to reveal them because it wouldn't be a secret.  Their produce section, no matter which pathmark I go, no matter what day of the way, sucks.   I love their prices and when they have sales, but to be honest, I shop at the pathmark in yonkers behind best buy.  It's emptier and way less ghetto.   Their produce section still sucks so I like to buy my fruits and veggies at a local farmers market.  I love pathmark, but this one is kinda crappy.
I hope they can get there parking lot in order, put up sign that will let these people know how to park and what not to do in a parking zone, the line in the supermarket are forever and the store is a mess when it come with the shoppers, i hope that PM can get there rules set in there business. other then that its cool to shop in.
It's no wonder they are closing PathMark stores left and right.  At any given time you can enter this Pathmark and only 3 registers will be open.  I would rather pay a bit more elsewhere than visit this place.  Might as well just close this place now because I can see it happening in the near future.
