Inexpensive Free People. This would be worth five stars, but unfortunately the abysmal staff--the manager especially--who would really prefer you not ask anything of them, drop the rating way down. They had two skirts I wanted, but one was ripped and the other wasn't in my size. There's another Fox's not far away, and I asked the manager if she could call that store and find out if they had the clothes. "No," she said, "We don't do that." Another customer had gotten a fitting room started, but a staff member had removed all the clothing from it and put it away. An employee told the woman what happened, and the woman asked if the employee could help her retrieve everything she wanted to try. The employee said, "No." A little while later, the woman returned to the fitting room with a few of the things and said she'd be back in a moment with more to try. The employee snapped, "I know these are yours. Nothing is going to happen to them." Really. I would like to point out that there were four employees in the store, and six customers. They really weren't overwhelmed. They just didn't want to work. To sum up: Clothes = Awesome. Five stars. Staff = Rude and lazy. One star.
If you're not a regular shopper here, you'll either be ignored or treated rudely, as if the saleshelp would rather be doing anything but assisting you. The older salesladies are especially laughably nasty. They definately pre-judge you on how fashionably they think you dress. The problem is that their clothes are cheaply made and gaudy. The store has 2 basic styles:frumpy 'suburban soccer mom' and 'trashy girl' whose idea of style in studs on everything and ultra-short. BTW, not a single item s from a designer, their sole claim to fame. Give them a call and name a designer you're interested in- see what they say. If you do have style and taste, just about anywhere but Fox's is for you.
this is a nice store, but be warned, I was twice hit with a parking ticket even though in both cases the meter was not expired.  The police officer hides (as you never see when he puts the ticket on your car) and then puts a ticket on your car even though again the meter is not expired and to make matters worse, the ticket is hidden among your car wipers so you don't immediately see it when you get in car so that you can actually take a picture of the unexpired meter.  Now I know the Town of Eastchester must be desperate for revenue even though rich people suppose to live there but this low down tactic is really sleazy and smells of harassment.  I will not go back to Fox's until this despicable practice is rooted and exposed.
Hit-or-miss type of place, but agreeing with past reviews the staff isn't very friendly ...needs a total renovation also. The carpets are dirty, the store is cramped, and it always smells funny...
The store overall has great things and price is reasonable for a boutique.  Quality is great. Staff is friendly.   Store is a bit cramped, but again they do have great dresses and accessories.
i will never shop in this store again sales girl Rosanna with her rude and unprofessional is such a  horrible person i will never shop there r again called corprorate office to complain talked to Shelia she was just as rude as the sales girl both accusing me of wearing a dress and returning it none of it was the truth i guess that were trained by this Shelia and another thing i have been in there were people shopped paid for something left and the sales pepole were taking about the customers very mean and hatful women that work in that store they need all new people including the coporate
The review I wrote yesterday seems to have disappeared. I was in the store yesterday. Not one of their staff members could be bothered to say hello or ask if  I needed yelp. This wasn't the first time this has happened. They have some nice clothes in there but I won't be going back as I don't spend my money at place that are rude.
This place is a major bust.    The help and the manager are no help at all. talk about not helping you at all.   I made a purchase, I had 3 days to get my cash back, and they refused.   Gave gift card back.   and oh did I forget to mention the fact that the pants were ripped when I bought them. The one star rating is for location only.   Great location, horrible staff, inattentive, could care less if you shop there.    Oh well, it is places like this that makes me appreciate places like Macy's and lord and taylor, who by the way have better clothes for better prices.   One would have to be desperate to shop here
What was once the best place to find higher quality fashion at bargain prices, is now a messy store filled with odds and ends that don't make it possible to buy an outfit from the same line. Sizes are small (0-4) overall. Most of what's in the store is junky - you can find better quality and selection in Loehmann's.
I am a little surprised by the poor reviews regarding customer service. I no longer live in the area but every summer when I come to visit I make it a point of stopping here. Each time I have found very unique, high-quality clothing and accesories at very reasonable prices. In my experience the service has been perfect - they don't bug you but are accessible to ask questions and help you find what you need. Last year I came in two days before a friend's wedding in need of an outfit and walked out with a perfect dress and jewelry - all for less than $100 total. The salesperson spent about 15 minutes with me picking just the right jewelry to complement the dress. Hopefully the owner / manager reads the reviews and ensures they provide a consistently good experience to all.
I've been shopping here for a long time. The store layout is well organized and the sales people are terrific. They don't hover over you, but are always available to help - they are knowledgeable, helpful and very pleasant. Lisa
This store is not worth it. You think you are getting a great buy, but in reality the prices are so low because most of the clothes are "misfits", they are either sized incorrectly, damaged, or from 2 years ago.  I've worked in high end retail, so this is how I know they are selling plain old CRAP.  If you look closely many items are slightly damaged, which is again most likely why they are such great prices.  Also the manager is horrible. I believe her name is Graziella. As I stood near the register I witnessed her yelling at an employee about using the restroom. She seems awful.  One sales woman was very attentive, a little annoying at one point, hovering around me too much.  The other woman was sweet and one was very loud and seemed to have an attitude. Overall, I wouldn't come here again and I would advise everyone else if you want low prices go to Marshalls. This place isn't worth it.  Also, there seemed to have been flooding so the store stunk of mildew.
As others have mentioned, you have to have to have a tough skin to shop here.  The inconsistent service is hard to take and the atmosphere is toxic.  The staff seems to have their obvious favorites, based on who knows what, and you just have to ignore them and go about your business.  That said,  I have found some very interesting buys here.  The prices are fair and you won't look like everybody else.  There are just a few items in each size and the racks change very frequently;
