I've been a member of new york sports club for well over 10 years and this particular location is one of my favorites.  They have an awesome location and all of the staff is very friendly.  The pool here is huge and under-utilized...which is a good thing.  You'll find a mix of people here.  You'll have your high society folks who roll up in their benzes and spend all day in the steam room.  You'll have rich college kids who use the basketball courts all day. You'll also have your "above average" joes who just plain and simply take their fitness seriously. The gym is very well laid out and the towel service is a huge bonus.  My wife is a huge fan of the classes which always appear to be fully booked. For the most part, there is very little "chit chat' at this gym unlike other gyms *cough cough* LA Fitness *cough cough*.  Yes this gym costs significantly more than what you would pay at Retro or at Planet Fitness, but you get what you pay for.
I'll preface this review by saying I've been a member of NYSC for about 1 year, and have also been a member of Equinox and Retro Fitness. I also checked out Planet Fitness when I was making my decision between gyms. The NYSC in New Rochelle gives you the best quality for your money. Yes, Equinox is luxurious and beautiful, but you're shelling out $150/month for the privilege. Yes, Retro Fitness and Planet Fitness are cheap, but you're working out in a dark basement, or waiting 15 minutes for a machine. NYSC in New Rochelle is the perfect mix. It's big, bright and airy. Has ample machines (although a few treadmills are occasionally broken), has substantial studio and floor mat space, has dedicated members, friendly staff, all for a modest $70ish /month. As a woman, I've never felt uncomfortable or unwelcome in this gym. The male members have always been respectful and friendly (not overly flirtatious or aggressive). My workout is centered around Yoga and floor mat exercises. This NYSC location is perfect for it! NYSC's group classes are pretty good! The Yoga classes in particular are great for beginner-intermediate students. Advanced students will not find them challenging. The trainers here are all very nice and engaging (although I think NYSC is becoming lax with their hiring requirments - several of the trainers are not in shape themselves... I just think it's odd to be trained by someone out of shape. I digress). The lockers are pretty clean, although there are these weird looking moth/gnat/flies in the showers. The towels are a bit rough, but eh, it's a gym. The sauna is legit, and the pool is an incredible feature that is very much so underutilized. The music is Pop Top 40 (ughhh) but that's pretty much the standard at most gyms. Oh, they also have a daycare which is awesome for moms and dads. Overall, I give NYSC 4 stars because it's a damn good gym.
I Think its ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS that this gym or any NYSC does not offer free WiFi to their customers! None of the their TVs ever work for any of the treadmills therefore leaving me to use my iphone to stream Netflix at a million dollars worth of data a month!!! For the amount of money we pay in fees a month they should splurge for the $25.00 and get this damn place WiFi! The gym down the block (Planet Fitness) and almost every other gym at this point, has free WiFi! MCDONALDS offers its customers free WiFi for God's sake. Get your act together NYSC! Get your head out of your ass, and into the year 2014! Use some of the already too much money I pay you every month and get something we can use. Also, the trainers stand around like pre-madonnas all day looking like they have a stick up their ass and their noses in the air, the towels feel like sandpaper, and there are 1 billion gnats flying around the showers in the lady's locker room.  God only knows what they are coming from but they need an exterminator!!   Definitely canceling my WAY TOO EXPENSIVE membership to go somewhere else.  This place is overrated and pretentious!
My favorite gym in New York.  Fine, "New York."  Either way, the gym is good enough that when I was living in the Bronx I would wake up at the crack of dawn to make the 15 minute (each way) drive to get my workout in.  I've never used any of the trainers or classes so I can't speak on that aspect, but almost everything else is top notch. The first thing you notice when you walk in is that the space is huge, well-lit and looks clean.  In addition, the staff at the gym works to keep everything clean as you will constantly find them vacuuming and putting things in order.  A lot of the equipment is new and the equipment that isn't new is still well kept.  The gym also offers a swimming pool (never used due to crippling fear of water) and a decent basketball court.  The basketball court is great for pick-up games and with ample space on the sidelines for sprints/cardio workouts, which is an underrated aspect that many "NY" gyms lack. The only real complaint I have about the gym is that I wish there were more tvs throughout the gym and that the attendants were more useful as far as getting specific programming on the tvs (I just think a NY area gym should show Yankee games in baseball season and Knick games in basketball season.  There should never be a time when one of those two are playing and the game isn't the default tv station).  One other downside is that you have to pay for parking (.75 an hour)...but if you work out early in the morning there is no parking fee.
Pros: -Very open and efficiently used space -Clean and spacious locker rooms -Nice sauna -All of the weights, machines & cardio equipment are new -Space to spread out and set up circuits -Basketball court and pool -Local strip clubs definitely send their A squads -Eclectic mix of fellow gym attendees (very friendly- never had a problem finding a spotter or switching off sets on some equipment) -Very engaged management. I was doing a back exercise with sort of a makeshift free weight approach. A manager noticed and asked if I would be interested in a machine for that specific exercise. Within a week it was there. -Parking is always available Cons: -Only one free weight squat rack -Local strip clubs also send their B and C squads -Not enough pull up bars -Only two rowing machines -Parking costs 75 cents This is a very well set up and run gym. Working out here is a pleasure and I don't ever plan on changing as long as I live in the area.
So far so good. I've been wanting to join NYSC for a while & finally I broke down & did it. I'm a former Planet Fitness client & in my opinion the gym takes away a little motivation. Waiting for machines, loud talkers, lack of space. But NYSC is heaven to me! The space is huge, and the gym offers everything. So for $60 a month (which may sound pricey) you get access to plenty of machines to work out any & everything, a pool, basketball court, space with kettle bells mats and plenty of freestyle space, a boxing room, classes from Yoga to Kickboxing, trainers walking the floor & friendly knowledgeable staff. What more could a person ask for. The gym is spotless, airy and bright. Not dark and depressing in someone's musty basement. You don't have to feel ashamed or dumb in the gym, the staff is willing to answer any question & help in any way they can. When you join you get a complementary 45 minute fitness evaluation(see Alex) where else can you have that? If you want to join see Jessica or Jamel. They're informative without being pushy! I'm glad I joined. You can waste $60 on other crap but I'll sacrifice plenty of things because this place is worth my money!!
Pros: -I enjoy basketball and one of the main reason i joined this gym. The court is really nice and it has big windows that allow light to come in.          - The layout of machines are well spaced.          - plenty of treadmills and elliptical machines with TV's for cardio.          - Hope it stays like this but very very clean bathrooms, pools, and saunas.          - 2 years is not a long time, but the machines and everything looks new.           - The staff are really friendly and they are " Chill"            - MOST IMPORTANT, the place makes you want to work out. it's a very nice atmosphere. Blue walls nice design fresh look. I remeber going to ballies, axon, other gyms, and the style of the gyms were just like a plain ol warehouse with a few mirrors and machines. When you walk around you have a feeling thats it ok that your paying a little extra for the membership because u can tell the difference from other gyms.   Cons:         - like most gyms around 5pm through 8 pm the gym can become very crowded... might have to share a bench press.                - the price can be a bit heavy. anywhere from basic 64 to 100 a month.         - a bit selfish on my part but there are times where the basketball court is shut down because they have activities for children such as tag football or basketball games.....
I'm glad to be a member.  Convenient to the train/commute; most machines work and the place is clean.  The staff is friendly, and as a relative newbie to a committed workout schedule, this is a good choice.  The long hours they are open help me get there 4-6 times a week on almost any schedule.  Although I no longer have small children, it appears that it's a very family friendly place, and that's nice to see.
The only con is that you have to pay for parking (.75 for 45 minutes).  Other than that a pleasure to work out.  Great staff, so very clean and smells great.  One 3 ft deep pool for pool excercise and then a regular olympic size one.  Full length basketball court boxing area and much more.  I love this place.  For the Moms there is a child care area!!  They thought of everything when they created this gym. They also have swim training, which is great for me because I can finally learn how to swim.  One on one private sessions are surprisingly inexpensive.  When you go to join ask for Jessica, she is not one of those pushy gym people that make you not want to join.  She went through everything with me and continues to be helpful!!  Aldo plenty of classes including Zumba!!  This gym makes it a pleasure to sweat my butt off.
I love this gym except for paying for parking. but otherwise its a great gym
Best NYSC I've been too. Very clean, spacious and a great atmosphere. Only 4 stars because NYSC is a little pricey to begin with and wish it was open later. Overall i love this gym.  I work in Westchester so I go before or after work. Very convienent.
Gym is overall pretty, good. Not crazy how sometimes I feel like it's a play ground for kids.  Sometimes, depending what time you go, it's filled with young H.S. kids who like to mess around and leave weights all over the place.   Also wished they played good music, which would be louder.  Price for me is great, it's close by and has what I need to get the job done.
i went there to try and join... the club overall was great... but the staff had a sarcastic demeanor ... and they try anything  to get you to join,, by telling u that their prices beat all the other nysc ,,uhm guess what they didn't  .. so like i said the clubs great, staff i dealt with ,,, eh
