Playland holds many memories to my heart; I used to come here when I was younger, and it holds a special place for my dad, too. Over the years, the rides are still the same, a tad... dirty? But still awesome. My only complaint is about the staff. I'm not generalizing here, but a lot of them are very unenthusiastic. They don't really seem to care about much. I noticed that when kids needed help off the ride, they obliged, but not enough to make sure that they were okay. I work in customer service, and i understand that it can be hot and they may be bored, but at least try to smile, cmon! Don't be rude.
I used to come here as a kid so a lot has changed. The last time I came here was 4 years ago. They have a Casino Beach Front on the Beach itself. That's Crazy! As for Parking you have to pay an admission Price of $5. They Boardwalk goes all the way out Sea. If you walk on it walk alllll the way out past the Pier and you'll see that your so high above the Ocean. God-forbid that Boardwalk collapses and you have walked all the way out... your finished. Make sure you eat before coming because this place is hella expensive.
OMG one of the best places on EARTH!!! Its website has lots of useful information. To check its schedule, go here ryeplayland.org/plan-a-v… To check the price, go here: ryeplayland.org/plan-a-v… It is open til 10pm on most days in July and August. It is closed on Mondays. Why 5 stars? 1. Less crowded than Disneyland. The wait time in line is SO MUCH shorter. I don't mind waiting 2 minutes for a fun ride. To wait 20 minutes for Disneyland's tea cup ride? That is a bit too much. 2. Price is fraction of what you pay at Disneyland. Last time I was at Disneyland, each ticket was $100+ depends on what kind of package you get. Here, you can come on Tuesday or Thursday nights and pay $15 for unlimited rides! Alternatively, you can pay for individual rides but I highly recommend the unlimited option. The points can add up really quickly. 3. Many staff are actually pretty nice. I didn't really have a bad encounter like I did at Disneyland. 4. They accept debit/credit card for snacks/food stands and admissions! Better than Disneyland! 5. It offers just as many rides as in Disneyland! Lots of options to choose from. Some have height restrictions or limit. I thoroughly enjoyed the giant slide and horse riding. Some cons: 1. I personally didn't feel too safe at some rides. For example, the big wheel thingy was not very safe. Neither was the playland yo-yo. For the big wheel, I didn't really understand why the staff asked each rider to sit on one end away from each other. As we went up, I quickly realized how imbalanced the ride could get. At one point, the ride was swinging/tipping so much that I was literally holding on to the pole instead of enjoying the view. I am sure the ride is safety proven but I just didn't feel safe. For the yo-yo ride, I constantly feared for being hit in the face by the seat in front of me or hit the person behind me while in mid-air. 2. Many rides seem outdated and dirty. Definitely wash your hands afterwards. Some of the seats are dirty or have already turned black. 3. The mirror reflection walk was kind of worthless. It was really hot inside and made it hard to breathe. Some other notes - 1. It is accessibly by bee-line bus or Metro North. 2. Its staff totally lied to me when I inquired about Log Flume. I was not completely ready for a soaking wet ride just yet so I asked the staff at the door how wet would I get from the splashing water. He said no, not wet at all. I believed him without observing the ride first. When I was about to get on the ride, I realized that the entire boat was filled with water and I would in trouble. As the log came down, I got so wet that I was not too happy. No biggie. But the Payland Plunge will for sure get you EXTRA soaking wet. 3.  Don't bring bag/purse/backpack. Some rides don't allow you to bring your bag with you and you would have to leave it unattended. Locker is $6 or $8 depends on the size. Just leave everything at home. 4. You have to take off your glasses at some rides. 5. I used the bathroom next to the boat house and it was pretty clean. The bathroom next to the Plunge didn't look too clean from the outside so I didn't go in. 6. When you exit the park from the other end, there is a lake. You can either pay $20 for a paddle boat (up to an hour ride) on your own. Or you can pay $5 for a 15-20 minutes cruise boat with a "tour guide". When I was up there, the cruise boat operator was with two younger staff. Here is how the conversations went down. Me: "You guys are open?" Old boat operator: "No! We are closed!" Young staff #1: "Are we?" Young staff #2: "No! We are open!" Old boat operator: "We are closed. It is 6:22pm and I leave at 7pm. Who is going to be here?" Young staff #2: "We are open. Come over." I hesitated but decided to go with the young staff. As I was about to purchase tickets, I realized that they are cash only. I didn't have $20 cash with me so I decided to try to cruise boat. I went back to the older boat operator. Me: "So are you open for the boat cruise?" Old boat operator: "Yes. But you really should try the paddle boat. It is so much more fun and you get more for your buck." Okay, I get it. I think he just had a long day. I said thanks and left to go back inside to Playland.
Playland deserves waaaayyy more respect than it gets. And yes, I've been to Disney World several times. But Playland is much more special and meaningful to me, for some reason. For starters, if you're taking public transportation, you MUST get the Metro-North getaway package. If you already have a Metro-Card, from New Rochelle the package is only $27 and that INCLUDES park admission with unlimited rides (It's $38 from Grand Central and $29 from Fordham). You save a butt-ton of money this way. Second, if you are taking public transportation (and this part does suck), you'll have to rent lockers. Fortunately, the small ones can hold quite a lot of stuff so you only need to shell out $6. Third, go when the weather forecast is not particularly hot. Not sure why, but the Bronx/Westchester general psyche dictates that more people go outside during horrible heatwaves rather than when the weather is tolerable. Yesterday's barely-80 degree temperature rendered the park only moderately full. Fourth, enjoy some of these classic rides. The Dragon Coaster is old-timey, unoffensive fun. The yo-yo thing is terrifying as is the Sky Flyer. The haunted houses are cheesy and campy, as are the performances. Fifth, the park is much cleaner than it used to be. I guess it's because of the pay-to-enter policy they now have. The boardwalk, newly restored, is gorgeous and everything seems to be in good condition. Most of the staff was decent, not nearly as awful as some of the reviews made them out to be. I'm docking one star because the food and ice cream are ungodly expensive. $5.50 for a cone? Whoa there buddy. I worked in this county for nearly two years, all those lunches I bought had sales tax that contributed to your maintenance, dammit.
Awsome place.Great for kids and adults.Ride prices reasonable. Best funnel cakes better than Coneyisland. I think you get more for your money compared to other parks. Nothing but Goodtimes.
Went to Rye Playland today and honestly had a good time. We bought the Metro North Getaway passes which you can get at Grand Central, 125th or Fordham if coming from the city- these passes include rail transportation and park admission and are $28 a piece- not bad at all ! The Good: The park in itself is pretty big and actually had a lot of rides that appeal to an 18 and 21 year old "kid at heart". Two of my favorites are the Playland Plunge and Log Flume which are super fun and wet and a reminiscent of Disney's Splash Mountain ! There are two main coasters here- Dragon Coaster and Superflight- we enjoyed them both and actually road the Dragon twice. Thunderbolt, Starship 200 and Wipeout were also really fun. In addition, there is also a huge kiddie area (lol we didnt get to ride here sorry) and plenty of classic arcade style games. This place is reminiscent of a olde timey amusement park and has a lot of character. We went on Memorial Day and were expecting crazy lines but the lines here move pretty past and the ride attendants do their jobs. The Bad: The food- overpriced is an understatement and you choose between Burger King (limited menu burgers only), Popeyes ($14 a meal), Pizza ($4 a small slice) and Nathans ($10 meal, nasty, disgusting made made me physically sick later that day ugh) Water and soda? $4 a pop. I guess these prices are expected of an amusement park but a girl could benefit from a little variety. Oh and since you cant bring bags or purses on most rides (nor do you want to risk cracking or water damaging your iPhone) you have to rent a locker for $6-$8. The Verdict: A fun and relatively affordable theme park option for the NYC area (hey- its closer and cheaper then Luna Park). This is no Six Flags but at $28 its worth it. I plan on returning a few more times this summer.
Play Land park is a great place to visit with family, however my review is about the Food Concessions at Playland Park. Thumbs down Playland when it comes to your concessionaire sites. Prices for food and drink is criminal-$5.00 for a 16oz soda-$6.00 for Carvel Ice Cream-this is robbery in the 1st degree!  Now-Pizza a Village at Rye Playland is staffed with employees who exhibit poor customer service, negative attitudes,  and I was very offended by their service on my recent visit to the Park. I urge management at Pizza Village at Rye Playland to spend more time training employees on kind and proper customer relations, especially when I am paying $5.00 for a slice of damn pizza!
Why is this place and Disney being used in the same sentence?!?!?!?!  Crazy It's a local amusement park.  It's got a little history.  It's been in a few movies, Big, for one, with Tom Hanks, Fatal Attraction with Glenn Close, another. It's got rides.  A couple of them really old.  It's ok.
Went on a tuesday when unlimited rides were discounted to 15 dollars pp after 5pm. It was a great deal for us and a great first "amusement park" experience for our little toddler. Although our choices were limited due to her size, we still found that getting through the rides took a good two and a half hours. There were virtually no lines.  The prices for food is inflated like crazy...like a small slurpee will set you back nearly 4 dollars (wha?!) so pack money-or a bagged lunch accordingly. Don't forget to geek out tourist style and take a picture with the mighty zoltar machine!
Love the place;great to spend it with family;Not expensive..And the kids will go crazy and have a lot of fun..
I came to a concert here and thought this park paled in comparison to Disney land and universal studios which are the two parks I've been to the most. Parking was $10 and they accept credit cards. Carvel ice from was $6 for a kids size with sprinkles and it melted immediately. It was a hassle to get to from NYC. I think I did at least 3 freeway changes.
I love Playland because it is fun for everyone and my two year old was able to get on rides and enjoy herself. The only thing is you must pay for parking, an entrance fee to go inside the amusement park and an entrance fee for the beach it can definitely get costly. We also ate at the restaurant it was very delicious and the drinks were great! I definitely plan on bringing my little one here before the summer is over it is great fun for the whole family.
This place is not bad. Could be improved. Paying a lot of money to WAIT ON LINE. Food is ok nothing healthy in the park. The tiki restaurant is expensive for food at almost a diner level. A steak they said that was a USDA PRIME ( more like choice) For $50 For prime I would have gladly paid 3 times that amount. I told the manager the steak was over cooked he offered %15 off the steak LoL I told them to keep it. But when your in NY with nothing else closer then 40min away this is the spot
Sad. This place at one time was a great day out.  Now POORLY run.  Horrible food and even worse rude, uneducated staff. The place is a gem of the NorthEast but ruined by the staff that runs it.  Came here many times as a child but no never again.  I swear the staff must come from a local DMV office.  I had one moron tell my son he wasn't tall enough because they measure from the back of the head to the line not the top of the head. Total jerkoff. This was just one of the crazy examples.  Save your money and go elsewhere.
Great place for the kids. The amusement park is huge and packed with rides. So many that we didn't get to see all of them. Also the hot dog and icey stand is the best. A little pricey with the 7 dollar parking, but if you go with a car packed with kids its worth it. They have a beach that's right next door that looks pretty nice. Will be going there next time.
Really people!?!?!  you're comparing this dump to disney?  at least write a review and compare it to six flags, etc.  Not worth the price.
Terrible. Not because it's old, not because it's expensive, not even for the people that go here ....but for all the people that work here!!!!! Complete TROGLODYTES!!! Nobody knows how to do their job! Cashiers cant go beyond a simple sale operation. Everybody is extremely sloooooow. You are better off at coney island, and that says it all!
The last time I was here must have been about 10 years...and not much has changed. The rides are better than most and you get a good deal if you book everything through MTA getaways. The food is reasonably priced and to me much better than CI.
This experience has been by far the worst experience we have ever encountered. Rye Play land has a pool that requires everyone to have a bathing suit on , which makes perfect sense. I arrived with my family my brother, sister , 5 year old daughter and 2 year old niece. We changed into our bathing suits and headed to the pool. We were charged to enter the pool. As we entered the premises I was approached by an employee who asked me if what i was wearing was a bathing suit (it was a 2 piece) the girl was very rude and condescending , while she was speaking to me she was giggling with another employee. I followed by saying 'yes it is ". My 2 piece came with these tight little shorts . As she walked away she mumbled ' B**** ' at me. I sat down let the kids get in the pool and i began to search for a number to call in order to report what she said to me.As i was googling for a telephone number the manager of the pool approaches me tells me to get up because he wants to look at my bathing suit. I couldn't believe my ears,it was so humiliating, i got up and showed him and he said that my bathing suit bottom didn't look short enough and i had to leave. I told him i wanted to speak with his supervisor because that was absurd. Instead he called the cops on me , the cops tried to talk some sense into him and he said " its my pool and i want her out" . The officer apologized and said since that man was in charge at the moment he was allowed to remove me and the kids. My family was in the pool for 10 minutes. and we were charged 38.00 . The officer then suggested for the gentleman to provide me with a refund since he was kicking us out , the manager said "no she wanted to talk back to me , I'm not giving her anything this is my pool" and just like that we were escorted out by the police. Horrible experience, and the sad thing is there will be no consequence to the behavior of that man. Do not ever take your family there!! The employees are rude and inconsiderate. These are people who must hate their jobs and hate there life. A place where employees should smile and provide a service for children and families to have fun is really a place were these employees lash out and treat families like they are worthless. They will continue to do so because there is no set standard in that horrible place. RUDE RUdE RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE STAFF !!
What a sad thing it is to have seen Rye Playland -- and several other NY suburban amusement parks -- go through such a precipitous decline since the early 2000s. This place is an embarrassment the minute you walk into it. If you want to get a sense of how this park should no longer be an option for you and your family, then read on, but for now, know this: it is one of the only government owned and operated amusement parks in the country. If you've ever waited on line at the post office, you know what to expect from someplace government-owned and -operated. Rye Playland is the DMV of amusement parks. Look, this place plays the historical card. Historical plaques are everywhere, and back-to-back photos of the old and new Playlands are scattered all throughout the park. None of the rides look any younger than sixty years old, and judging by my lumbar vertebrae after the Dragon Coaster, I'm sure that's true. So if you're excusing this place's many deficiencies because it's a "historic park," then ask yourself why it isn't charging historic prices. At an astounding $30 a person, this place is a few dollars shy than some of the greatest parks in the country. Unlike most Yelpers, I actually applaud them for the $10 entry fee which is meant to weed out the annoying teens, but they have to seriously think about the quality of their rides before charging over $150 for a family to ride these motorized crap-boxes. The log flume broke down several times. The two haunted houses include discount store Halloween lawn decorations popping out every 30 seconds in strip club lighting -- the ten 'EXIT' signs seen along the way kinda take the edge off the animatronic witch ramming a broom in a skull. The Hall of Mirrors literally had arrow stickers pasted on them. And the performances they have are basically just flamboyant, talentless theater nerds putting 'Rye Playland' on their NYU theater program applications. It's worse than community theater. Then there's the employee problem. Unlike ten years ago, today most of the staff here seems to be inner city teenagers making minimum wage, and acting accordingly. Forget the smile; that's a thing of the past. The employees here take it to new levels. I believe it was on the "Music Express" that two employees got into a fight and were giving each other the finger and yelling expletives, including the N-word, in front of children. Then how could I forget the ugly soul working the water gun game hissing at my little sister to "get off" because she wasn't playing. The only show of excitement they have is the guy working 'Thunder Bolt' because he got to play DJ. He thought he was Funkmaster Flex because he got to 'spit' into a microphone. Jesus. Then there's the cluelessness among management (government-owned, remember?). Let's just look at the kiddie section. They have an airplane ride for little kids with the Iron Cross painted on tails of the planes. The Iron Cross, if you don't know, is a Germanic symbol that's been reappropriated by biker gangs and Neo-Nazis. There's also the uncensored rap music playing in the kiddie section, where, no joke, the rap song was about rape and 'bitches.' This was in the kid's section. Westchester County, if you're reading this,  you will probably get sued at some point. Oh, then how could I forget the kid version of The Whip where there's this creepy painting of a clown with gross teeth, and next to him it reads, "Hi Boys and Girls. Welcome to the Whip." If you have any dignity, walk along the beach outside the park and never look back. The best ride, you'll discover, is the one back home.
I tried giving this place 2 stars because of its amazing fire works display, but I couldn't. This was the first time I visited Playland in 9 years and thinking I would want to ride the rides, I was wrong. First of all, all the rules changed (for the worse) for example No more free picnic tables ($100 for a picnic permit fee?) No more free entrance to the amusement park ($10 just to enter the place and you have to pay either 5-6 dollars per ride via "points" or buy a $30 pass to ride all the attractions. The attractions are really poor and they do not seem thrill-tastic to me at all) The fact that you basically have to spend $10 dollars just to have the option to get food is beyond stupid. The lines were ridiculously long and the pool line was closed because it was too huge. The beach did not look so clean from far and the sand didn't looked clean either) I was trying to buy a $10 dollar ticket I was told that I did not look like a teenager, and I looked like a 12 year old and needed an adult with me. For 20 minutes, I tried to explain that I was a teenager and that I left my I.D. at home in my other purse. Didn't believe me and I walked back to my family. You guys just destroyed my childhood, and for that, I'm giving you 1 star.
I can't believe this place had a Burger King! I strictly went here alone because it was the closest BK to my location.  But I Was a little peeved the staff wouldn't let me bring my whoper on the bump cars. And then when I went to go on the whip they said I had to take off my buffalo bills visor. beside that this was a quality fun park to build memorie that last a life.
If you can avoid the crowds and sticker prices it can be magical. Our 5 & 7 year-olds loved it. There's about 20 rides for their size. 42" is an ideal height as that's a requirement for many rides. Witnessed a few 41" kids kicking and screaming because they were let on one 42" ride and not let on another. The park could benefit from doing an official measurement at the door and color code wrist bans to speed up lines and to add consistency. But over all, the small park size and old world charm and lake side setting make it really quaint and manageable. We got the preseason admission plus a resident rate - not exactly sure why - so it seemed like a bargain. If you don't want to overpay for the blase' fast food look into picnicking. We spent 5 hours there and did almost everything. Our kids' review would be.. "best day ever!"
I remember back in the 80's when I was kid thinking this park was marginally ok. Sadly to say that all these years later, it has actually gotten worse. Long lines, ridiculously high prices, rude staff, messy areas are among some of the attributes that this place offers. The biggest qualm people use to say about Rye Playland was that you can't make it from the parking lot to the front gate without getting mugged. It still has that feeling. It's almost as if there is a helicopter that leaves every morning and sprays a fresh coat of outdated ugliness over it. If you want memories, go back in time to when it was average. If you want headaches, rip offs and unprofessionalism then this is your place. To sum it all up, you cannot shine poop. Rye Playland is NO exception.
Came here on a summer camp field trip. It was okay. I was unimpressed. The worst part of this place was the carousel experience with my class of 8 year olds. Two employees arguing ... no no ... fighting, screaming at each other. One goes to get a manager, who comes to argue as well. Now at this point, my class has been waiting for the carousel to start, but they were all busy arguing. I said "do you mind maybe taking a minute from your argument to start the carousel because I've got my kids on there" got a serious eye roll from the "MANAGER"  and then they started to do whatever it is that you do to get the  carousel started. What a waste of a trip. Def. wouldn't return.
I have been going to this place since I was a little girl, and it brings nothing but good memories. I used to go to the pool, and after the pool closes, we used to go to the amusement park area. I tell you in advance, this is not for the average thrill seeker. There are limited flat rides and roller coasters. However, you do not go for that. You go for the vibe, you go for it's historic value, you go for a family outing. Children would love this place as much as I did.  It made such an impact on me, made me love theme parks so much. Ive heard the beach is pleasant as well, but I personally have not been there. The only thing I would request is more thrilling flat rides. Went back somewhat recently (about 3 years before sandy) to realize, the park is indeed small, and you CAN go through the rides rather quickly, but non the less, it's a nice, close,  place to go to on a warm summer day.
Awful.  First, getting charged ten bucks to enter the park to watch my kids (which all purchased bands) is insulting and obnoxious.  The staff are rude, rides are mediocre and prices are too high.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!  I've had more fun getting my teeth pulled at the dentist!
I have been going to Rye Playland since I was a kid  and I only have great memories.  This is a small amusement park in comparison to many others but its old school and full of charm.  The Dragon Coaster is the staple here and its great.  Every time I ride it I am young again.  Lots of games to play, water loom rides and live entertainment.  They put on a fireworks show twice per week and its really great.  Cotton candy, funnel cakes, and Nathan's can be found here.  Beside the amusement park, there is a small beach and also boat rentals.  A day of beautifulness.  Its my escape from reality and I love it!
This place needs a major overhaul from the staff on up. It can be saved and should be saved, but it would take one hell of an effort and someone who knows what they're doing. I've been coming here on and off since I was a kid - though certainly the last 20 years has been more off than on. Over the years I've seen the steep decline of what was once a fun park. As a teenager (a respectful, non-hoodlum one), I had fun here hanging out and such. As a father, I have to think twice sometimes on bringing my child here. I've brought him twice in the last few years - once in 2011 and this past summer. I doubt we're going to be coming back here anytime soon. First off, the staff is among the worst I've ever seen anywhere. This past summer, we've been to places like Dorney Park and Sesame Place (among others) and while the staff at those places aren't 100% great across the board, they certainly show this Playland staff up. Hell, most places show this staff up. About 90% of these "employees" have a permanent stink face on, have attitudes, staring problems, and are downright nasty. I don't know what they're getting paid and I really don't care, but there is no sympathy as they filled out an application to work here and certainly weren't forced - if you don't want to or can't work, then QUIT. You'd think employees of the kiddie world would at least be a little friendlier since it IS kiddie world - but they're just as nasty as the rest of the staff in the park. I understand that doing the exact same thing every 5 minutes all day long can be a pain, but they did fill out the application and there is no excuse whatsoever. This staff should be in a master employee manual on how NOT to act while you're on the clock. Putrid staff and probably the worst I've ever seen as a whole. If this park would hire friendlier, courteous, and just better workers - then half the problem of this park would be solved right there. If you're going for the first time, be cautioned - the worst of the worst are employed here. Another problem besides the staff is the actual park maintenance. One of the smaller roller coasters is on a piece of land that looks like it came out of an abandoned lot.....dead grass, small patches of living grass, rocks, weeds - if they would just pay attention to minor detail like that, it would just look so much better. The only landscaping this place seems to care about is the useless fields in the middle of the park, which looks like they belong elsewhere. The rest of the park needs a serious paint job. As far as rides, the general selection is ok - but while they might be limited on space, they probably should add some newer rides in (get rid of the fields and you have space for 4 at least) and replace some of the older ones. Condense the game rooms (and dump some of the crap ones) and put something else up in it's place. Put up a more appealing mini golf course. Something.....anything. The ride selection is pretty decent, from the usual (carousel, Ferris wheel, bumper cars) up to the famous Dragon Coaster. A decent selection in Kiddie World for the children as well. Food - well, it's theme park food and prices, so be prepared as this place is not the only place with high prices for low quality. The eateries are spread out within the park instead of in one area and if you can find a table to eat on, make sure you have some napkins to wipe or cover the slob who was there before you. Decent variety actually. Merchandise - about what you'd expect as far as prices and selection goes. Parking is $5 and pretty reasonable actually. Admission for me (I'm a Westchester resident) is fine and better than the free admission years ago that attracted the garbage - but if you're a non-resident, expect to pay a little more. As far as visitors here - it's like night and day. During the day, you'll find the families (although some parents need a parenting course and need to tell their kids how to act in public, from waiting their turn to everything else - but that's everywhere and it's just some people that shouldn't be allowed to conceive) and a generally better atmosphere (not talking about the employees here) - at night though, that's where the hoodlums, punks, fight starters and all that nonsense come in - so best you come during the daytime if you're planning on bringing the kids. The beach area and picnic areas aren't bad either if that's also your thing and on a nice, non-crowded day - could be a nice time. This park does have the history, location, and size and should be fixed up. If the right person or people took this place over and gave it the overhaul it needed, both it's reputation and general self can be salvaged. It's a damn shame this place is wasted and it's no wonder that they're in danger of being closed down - and it's pretty obvious why. Worth going at least once in your life to experience it, but probably not much more if you're used to better run theme park.
When I think of Rye Playland, it brings back awful memories that were orchestrated by a priest on me, when I was a wee lad. Get your dirty yelping mind out of the cyber gutter. Years before I was corrupted by the devil, I interned for the Catholic Church Inc. Yes I was an alter boy. I wore the alb (robe), drank the free wine and chomped on the Holy Eucharist 3 to 5 days a week...I was a  good little catholic boy. I worked on Christmas mornings (ruining one particular Christmas for me, as I had to open my gifts quickly, and then head off to 9am mass! Damn it, I wanted to play with my new Ecto 1 and Ghostbusters action figures.) Oh yeah, back to the actual yelp,sorry. So our priest in charge would promise us (or bribe us) every September, with a fabulous trip to Six Flags Great Adventure the following May, if we never missed a mass assigned to us. Eight months later, a bunch of happy preteen boys would discuss what amazing Six Flags coasters we would ride this year. and then we would receive the letter that would crush our alter loving hearts. "Our annual trip to Rye Playland will be held on...", wait what? Rye Playland? Rye F*&$^!ng Playland??? You promised us Six Flags old man...now pay up! I saw you collecting that money every mass...wtf? Oh you see Rye Playland is no Six Flags...it is an old fashion amusement park with maybe one or two great rides, and then a few ok rides. One of our favorites, the scrambler, has since been retired...due to killing a few kids on the ride. That may have been one of the reasons I now consider myself one of those "spiritual, but non practicing" Catholics. If you are out there Father, just think of all the young lives you ruined...bringing them to Rye Playland! But they did have a good funnel cake...so it wasn't all bad. Oh and by the way...if you thought I was crazy to be upset about not being able to play with my Ecto 1...feast your eyes on this bad boy: allnerdreview.com/images… Yeah, that's what I thought...amazing isn't it?
Why I thought it was a good idea to come here for the 4th of July is seriiously beyond me.  The line was ridiculous to get into the parking lot we had to park in the lot for the amusement park. Then we had to wait on line to pay to get onto the beach.  First we were considering going to the pool area but yeah did not seem sensable given the crowds.  The beach was okay I grazed my toes in the water but was not going in. The water is pretty cold and not the cleaniest.  The sand was also not clean and just with how crowded it was definitely no privacy.  We had planned to stay for the fireworks that they were having at 9p but changed our minds and left.  Was not too bad because when we got home we were able to watch fireworks going off on the Long Island Sound.   I do not think that I can see myself coming back here again, If I do it will be only to see what the pool is like and when I know that there will be little to no crowds
I've been going to Rye Playland since I was toddler, and I have proof! There are pictures of me all over Kiddyland having a grand ol time. And even now as I am ___ years old, Rye Playland never fails to amuse. I STILL look forward to going there each and every time. And if you're like me, it goes beyond just getting on rides. It's all about nostalgia. So thats my bit about how awesome this place is. Now on to being useful. Getting In: Everything is spelled out plain as day from the moment you buy tickets. The heights for rides, rules, restrictions, a height ruler, the works. All rides pass-$30 Kiddyland- $20 Non-Rider $10 and you can pay per ride with points. The Rides: DRAGON COASTER!! You must get on it at least once. Its an awesome coaster that rides smooth as butter in comparison to say The Cyclone with the same thrill. You're seated separate from your companion so you're not slamming into each other. The scary houses, swing rides, horse derby, the whip and the log flume are all great rides. My least favorite is the crazy mouse which actually hurts! And the go karts make me sad. Kiddyland is oh so adorable! Games: They're cheap! Most I saw and played were $2 a person. Food: Popeyes- Unless you are seriously tweaking, save your money! I paid $14.50 for a 5 strip meal and a soda. Yes. You read that right. Pizza & Mexican food stands- All the prices were way lower than the aforementioned, so... I learned my lesson. There is also Nathan's and Burger King, but I didn't catch the prices. Cotton Candy is $5, not bad, but not great- however VERY tasty. There are snack stands that sells candied apples, fudge, popcorn, icees, coffee, and a bunch of other yummy treats. Random Fun: THE GAME ROOMS! Filled with lots of old games and claw machines. And my ABSOLUTE favorite- the shooting range!! Shoot at targets and make the old mad play piano or the old lady blow her horn. Make sure to hit the bear and the parrot on the treasure chest!! The Show: Be sure to catch it! The theme is always fun and they always have a super talented cast. They also so smaller shows around the park throughout the day. Note About The Staff: I must say that the attitude of the HORRIBLE staff they had this year was lame. All they rides were run by snotty teens who didn't smile once. And rudeness was abundant. As I got on the Playland Plunge, I scan my wrist band and the young girl begins to scold me and my little sister. "DO NOT RUN after the ride or I will never ever let you back on!!" Real nice manners. Another staff member at the same ride announced that she was too tired and "just wanted to be home watching tv" Sweetheart, be thankful you have a job.This park needs to be re-staffed ASAP by all the really sweet kids who WANT their jobs. Ugh, watching these cranky kids run the park was depressing. *Don't forget about the ice skating, small beach, pool, paddle boats, museum, and mini golf surrounding the park area! All in all, this a great amusement park just outside of NYC and there is no other place like it. It's a historical landmark for a reason, you gotta go at least once!
***3.2 stars rating**** I haven't been here in the longest and it's been for a good reason...I've grown bored of this place. I think it's due to growing up, going here too many times, or the rides are just crappy. They really do need better rides, because I've lost appeal for most of them. I do however believe you can come here and have a good time, but make sure you come with a good amount of people, so you can have fun. I enjoy playing those all those games by the park's entrance where you can earn prizes...there are is some throughout the park as well. They have an arcade too where you earn prizes. My favorite rides are the Log Flumes, Auto Scooter [Bumper Cars], Wipeout, The Whip, and Thunderbolt. They have a side of the park devoted to kid rides[KiddyLand], so there a lot to do with your kids. They will have fun with other kids as well. One ride I will never go on again is that freaking Starship 2000. Went on this with my cousins. I regretted it A LOT!! YOUR FREAKING STUCK TO THE WALLS OF THE RIDE WHILE IT SPINS AROUND FAST. YOU CAN'T EVEN MOVE. ON TOP OF THAT, IT HAS SPINNING LIGHTS INSIDE THAT CONSTANTLY FLASHES AND LOUD MUSIC...IT WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. YOU CAN'T EVEN TELL THEM TO STOP THE RIDE IF YOU WANT OFF, SO YOU FEEL TRAPPED. IF THIS IS HOW THE ECSTASY PILL IS, I WON'T BE TRYING THAT PILL NOWHERE IN THE NEAR OR FAR FUTURE. I SWEAR I ALMOST HAD A SEIZURE THAT DAY INSIDE THE RIDE. They were trying to kill me or something. Try this ride at your own risk. Another thing that I like about this park is the Cotton Candy, Funnel Cake, and the Nathan's. They also have a beach and pool nearby, so you will come here and have fun. And they have this Pay-Once-Price Admission where you pay $30 for unlimited park rides. Parking is $4 on weekdays and $5 on weekends/holidays for cars.
Playland is awesome, no two ways about it. It is not six flags nor should it try to be. It is the only publicly owned amusement park I am aware of and it is one of the first planned amusement parks. I would give it more stars but the management once again decided to do away with individual ride tickets and replace it with an all day pass. This has been tried before and failed miserably. The rides at playland are cool, but not cool enough to warrant paying for a pricey all day pass. It used to be great that you could just buy tickets for the rides you liked the best, not alas, no more. At least you can still wander the park without paying for the day pass, which makes sense since it is essentially a public park, though you do have to pay for parking. Like I said, it is no 6 flags. It is a bit dingy, cheesy, outdated and wonderful. It has a nice beach (where scenes from the film Big were filmed, along with at least one woody allen film), views of long island sound that can't be beat, antique rides (including the worlds fastest carousel, which really is scary fast), a few decent newish rides, a paddleboat lagoon, a good mix of people, great art deco-ish architecture, and perhaps most importantly, close proximity to NYC. If you are a big six flags fan don't bother coming, you'll be disappointed. No slick thrill rides here. But if like me, you like the simple fun of your local summer carnival, the noise, the lights, the energy that they give off, then this place is for you and can be enjoyed by folks of any age.
I've visited amusement parks from Vegas to Ohio to Virginia to New Jersey to Florida and this place unfortunately rates at the bottom of a lengthy list. Main problem? Two words: OVER PRICED!!!!! This is a fun little amusement park. Nice place to go particularly with kids. But the problem is that it costs WAY too much for what is offered. $30 for a Rider band and not more than maybe 3-4 thrill rides worth riding. You can drive to Six Flags in New Jersey, get in for $40 and have a far far better time. Food is also grossly overpriced even for an amusement park. Ordered 2 meals from their Popeyes and paid $20. And then find out that doesn't include drinks which came to an additional $6.50. This is my first time here in almost 25 years and it will probably be another 25 before I return.
I'm not sure why Rye Playland is being given such a bad rap. It is a wonderful place. Let me start off by saying that if your a serious thrill seeker looking for crazy rides this place is not for you. But if your a family who wants to have a nice outing this is the place for. As a child this was my favorite place to go the summer. My family would bring the grill( the have designated stops for barbecuing) and we really enjoy ourselves. There's a beach and a pool for they who want to get wet. What i like the most is that parents can get on almost all the rides with their children. It really is a place for everyone. If you have a 2 yr. old they ride free if you have a band or points. My heart goes out to the families who have lost loved one here, but i have to back Playland in a way. Only  one incident was due to carelessness. The first little boy died because he stood up and hit his head, than drowned on a water ride. There are warning sounds all around reminding patrons to not stand up. Another girl died because she stood up on a ride, and flew out. They say she was too young for the ride, but me and my children got on that same ride for years when they were even younger than her. As a matter of fact i got on that same ride as a child with my own mother. With the same ride a operators was hit by one of cars, i do admit this was their fault, and the fourth was a man who drowned in a lake. May they all rest in peace. still it's no reason to condemn the entire park. Before these accidents the only death was like 30 years ago when a girl chocked to death on a hot dog. Come out and have fun everyone
Top Ten Reasons for why Rye Playland is off the list 1) It's impossible to get your money's worth when the biggest thrill is knowing that you'll never go back again. 2) It's off the list because they forced me to pay an adult fee when I was with my baby girl.  That's like Michael Jackson charging the kids parents for entry into the Never Land Ranch knowing they were never the ones to freaked out from the rides. 3) It's off the list because when you go there with your baby girl you can only go on 2 percent of the rides. Then, in order to make up for the adult fee you paid  for, you freak out your kid and take her on the haunted house ride, just so you feel that you got your money's worth. 4) The highlight for me was watching my kid eating her cherry ice which is a stain show fun stopper waiting to happen. 5) I went during the week with no one around and I still wanted to hide my face for being there. 6) It's off the list because the Dragon Coaster is colder than Walt Disney at a mogul seminar at the Four Seasons in Jerusalem with a young Jackie Mason as the MC.   7) It's off the list because you can't take your baby girl on bumper cars knowing that the sole purpose of that ride is to make a guy his chiropractor's bitch for life. 8) It's off the list because when you go with your kid you're blocked out from all the fun adult rides, it was like high school for me all over again. 9) It's off the list because the guy working the haunted house let me go on the haunted house ride with my daughter without trying to talk me out of it as if taking her on the subway once in Astoria wasn't freaky enough. 10) It's off the list because later in life you realize the sole existence of amusement parks is to scare your kids stiff. They strap them in like mental patients, bound to snap.  I'm getting crazy thinking about it. I'm trying to potty train my baby girl right now yet these rides exist so they can regress and crap in their pants.
Pretty Cool place. Its good if you're bored and want to kill a few hours. I enjoyed myself. Just come here with an open mind and do not expect an amusement ride with thrill rides and monster attractions. Its more of a family fun park. Give it a try. pretty cool little amusement center.
When I was a child I loved Rye Playland!! Being from the Bronx it was the closest amusement park. This isnt a huge place... its a small town type of amusement place.  The dragon coster- the wooden coaster IS AWESOME- my first roller coaster:) and still my fav. Now as a Mom I bring my little ones here. The kiddie land is pretty great. The workers get all STRICT about the height thing... which killed me when my kids were begging to go on a ride and according to the line they were one centimeter under.... but DUE to injuries at the park (not in kiddie land) I guess they do have to be strict.  If you have kids under 7 they will love kiddie land. Oh... one thing to note. Even as a teenager I did not come here on a friday or saturday night - It gets a bit "ghetto." But the rides are good and Playland itself is such a classic it is worth seeing
For the avid coaster enthusiast, I believe this amusement park is weak.  They have many tall roller coaster unlike Six Flags Great Adventure which has Kingda Ka.  Rye also lacks the amount of thriller coasters that Six Flags Great Adventure has.  The funnel cakes are stale yet ridiculously expensive.  American Coaster Enthusiasts (aceonline.org) doesn't give Rye a very high ranking for the quality of coasters, height, deepth, speed, number of drops, or originiality of coasters. Rye Playland is immortalized in Tom Hank's 1980's movie "Big" on the boardwalk with the wishing making.
Wow, this was the worst Amusement park I've ever been to. Quality of the rides, food, and the park itself was disgusting and eye throbbing. Some of the places here smell like Body Odor, and it's also extremely filthy. I'm used to going to parks like Six Flags and Disney World, but when I saw this park, vomiting is a solution. Little Kids will have fun here but any age over 13 would find this place boring. The roller coaster was mundane and weak; the Pirate Ship was crap; the high swings was a waste of time. I will never come back to this place; just horrible, just pay an extra 60 bucks and go to Six Flags, it's SOOOO much better.
I have been going to Rye Playland since I was a small child.  I went with my parents and my grandparents at different times throughout my childhood years.  When I became a teenager, I went with my friends. As an adult, I have taken nieces, nephews, young cousins and my friend's children.  I continued to enjoy Playland as I watch the kids laugh and have fun on all of the rides in Kiddyland. Playland always brings back good memories of my childhood and continues to build happy times through the eyes of the children today!
I've been a New Yorker my entire life and this is my first visit to Rye Playland.  I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised by the area.  The boardwalk and beach area is really nice.  Yes, you have to pay to get on the beach but I do believe that it keeps the area maintained better and keeps the riff raff out.  Parking is $5 on weekdays.  Not bad considering that it costs $15 to $20 to park at other theme parks. The views from the boardwalk/beach as well as from inside the park (the log flume ride in particular) are beautiful.  I went with my husband and 7 year old daughter who is 46" tall.  There were a few rides she could not go on at all.  However, there were a wide variety of rides that she was able to go on and she had a ball!  We went on a Thursday after 5 special.  It is $15 a person.  I received emails with coupons as well. I decided to use a coupon for $10 jr. admission. When I got to the ticket window, the guy told me that it's $15 per person to matter what.  He would not let me use the coupon.  I told him that it doesn't say anywhere on the coupon that I can't use after 5 on tues and  Thursdays.  It only says that I cannot combine with any other offer.  I am a pro at using coupons so I know that I am not combining.  I am not using two offers on one ticket.  Even though I'm doing the $15 deal for me and my husband, I should be able to use  the coupon for the other ticket. After I continued to complain, the guy brought over a woman who also told me that I can't use my coupon.  Both of these people were very cold and unapologetic. I had no choice but to pay the $15.  That being said, $15 is a great price for an adult even if it's after 5.  The lines were not long and we weren't standing in the hot beating sun. There was always a  nice breeze.  There is quite a large variety of rides.  I am not expecting Six Flags quality here...I paid $15, not  $60! So this was a great bang for my buck. . The landscaping was nice too.  I don't know why some people called it a dump. Another complaint I have is with the employees at Music Express.  I believe another reviewer complained as well on another issue but same ride.  I was on line with my daughter.  We were the next group to go.  The group before us  were just sitting on the ride waiting for who knows what!  Turns out the employees were just socializing amongst themselves.  You would think there was a problem with the ride. I think  about ten minutes went by before they finally started the ride. Then it was our turn on the ride. Again, we just sat on the ride for about 5 to ten minutes for no apparent reason.  There was a woman trying to take a picture of her kids.  One employee went up to her and it looked as if he was going to tell her to step back because the ride was about to begin.  But NOOO!  He took her camera and started taking pictures for her...holding up the ride even more!  I was just so disgusted that I could not enjoy the ride when it finally started.  Other than those few negative things, we enjoyed the park itself.
Horrible fucking park if ur Muslim they don't tell u tht u can't ride half the rides because of the hair vail. They take he money first then tell u total bs park I would never go here as I will make it my goal to make sure they get no business from the Muslim community six flags is nothing like this. This is park is too low budget to afford a insurance policy to cover headgear injuries. Fuck rye play land
My first visit to the place wasn't very pleasant.  Mostly because some of the staff members manning the rides were just so inflexible.  Made the whole trip a bad first experience for my little kid and me.  Perhaps we'll stay away for a while...
I can't believe how mixed the reviews of Rye Playland have been.  To me, this place is a real gem--a diamond in the rough of New York where kids can be kids and adults can stroll down memory lane.  For $25 for NY residents and $30 for non-residents, adults have access to unlimited rides for as long as they want to stay, as well as access to the beach and a free game of mini golf.  This place truly has something for everyone, from scary roller coasters to bumper cars, Go Karts, to water rides (including a gigantic log flume that leaves everyone in the boat soaked!), and more.  I can't believe what a value I got here--and for such a decent price!  (Whoops, I am starting to sound like an infomercial here). This place is as charming as it is nostalgic; proof of that can be found by the fact that this place is considered a National Historic Landmark.  I found that the lines were much more reasonable than they were at a place like Six Flags, but, then again, I went on a holiday weekend when the park just opened.  This place is sure to delight kids and kids at heart for years to come, in my humble opinion.
rye playland is actually a fun place to go if you don't want to travel too far fm manhattan area.  They have a good selection of rides for kids who are over 54".  Kiddieland is not great , so I would not recommend for a child under 42" at all! They have a popeyes, nathans, burger king for lunch.   But I want to warn those who are tempted to buy the funnel cake.  THEY ARE NOT MADE FRESH!!  They have them inside these plastic wrap and deep fry them it was gross and they also sell these so called fresh squeezed lemonade which is NOT!! Totally wasted almost $10 on that. But rides are fun, so go and try it out at least once!
Nice local alternative to Six Flags and other such amusement parks. I've been coming here since I was a little girl. I go every year. There's a beach. There's mini-golf. There are boat rides. There's a Kiddie section. There are carnival games. There are 2 water rides. They need to update their food selection to include healthier choices and things for food allergy sufferers. Everything including the Tiki restaurant has only junk food, such as Nathan's and Burger King.
I enjoyed our time and my step-daughter loved it. I think it's a bit pricey to enter and since my step-daughter is a tall kid, her ticket was full price. You have to pay for parking, the beach, the park and if you want to go to the pool that's another dollar sign. Fun park but pricey.
Biggest disgrace to Westchester County, its a dump. Brought my nieces here and realized how disgusting and incompetent the staff is here, No Customer Service at all!!!! Will not come back as this was such a great memory of mine that is now a nightmare. Horrible job Westchester County keep up the great work.
Two different Amusement Park management companies have offered to take over and properly restore this place, keeping the historic value, while adding new attractions.  Do NOT let it be torn down for a Soccer Field!!  PLEASE READ AND SIGN THIS PETITION... change.org/petitions/sav… NO ONE HAS EVER PAID ME TO DO ANY REVIEWS.
With each generation, this place keeps getting better. The Dragon Coaster is the big attraction here. I've been on this coaster a dozen times and it's still a rush. The witch on her broomstick over the haunted house is a symbol Of my early childhood. The lake with its paddle boats map out my teen years. The live performances are very entertaining and fireworks extravagant. Nathan's is still there! The kiddyland section is where I spend most of my time nowadays. The children love it! Inexpensive small quaint action packed park.
When I was in junior high school, we came here once on a field trip, and I puked outside the yellow, "cheese" bus on the way home.  Needless to say, I thought it sucked back then. Fast forward many years later, and I've actually warmed up to this place.  Normally, how it's supposed to work is that you love amusement parks when you're a kid, and you grow out of it when you become an adult.  For me, it looks like reverse osmosis has taken hold, and I've grown IN to amusement parks.  This is probably 95% due to my budding fascination with whac-a-mole. Anyhow, back to Rye. It still isn't the best amusement park on earth by any stretch of the imagination, but you know what, you can honestly have a really fun time here.  Once you get fleeced at the entrance and pay the obligatory entrance fee -- I don't recall how much, maybe $15 per adult, that's even if you're not going on any of the rides.  But, there are packages offered, if you're a big amusement park rides person.  I think that was around $35 per adult, but you get to go on all the rides, all the live-long day -- just prepare thyself for some amusement park satisfaction. There are a lot of the typical games that you find at any amusement park, along with that, are the most non-joyous game operators that you'll ever see, but that's par for the course.  The point is, the variety is manifold and you have the opportunity to let loose on a number of options.  I like skeeball and the basketball hoop game, where for $5.00, you get to shoot 3 balls and you win a prize if you get a ball in the hoop.  This is how I won Ziggy!  They also have whac-a-mole, which is always a plus.  I also reallllllly like the gun shooting games (no, I don't know what that's supposed to mean), but it is extremely entertaining!!!!!!  There's one called "Shoot the Stars" which is something I've never played before, and is pretty challenging and fun.   The rides are mostly kid-friendly, and if you take the youngins here, they will be in heaven.  For adults, who are risk-averse like myself, the rides won't excite much.  But, I love Ferris wheels, and they've got a huge Playland Ferris wheel here, that we didn't get a chance to go on b/c it was doing some crazy fast motion and I didn't feel like being a hero that day (it's no Wonder Wheel, guys).  Instead, we decided to get airbrush tattoos which was for me, a highlight of the day.  These tattoos take no time to apply, and actually last for a few weeks.  The bf picked out a really pretty hibiscus for my forearm, and I went with a TIGER for his shoulder.  Good stuff.  The prices vary depending on the size of the tattoo and whether you get it in black or in color.  The smallest can be as cheap as, I think, $7, and the pricier ones can go up as much as $30.  Just don't get a tattoo on your face, it just seems like a bad idea waiting to not happen.   And be careful of those tricky clamp machines, those suckers are $5 a pop, and they lure you in with photos of victorious winners and their ipod booty.  We must have lost like $20 trying our luck at those machines.  How did those people ever do it?!   For food, there's the Pier Restaurant and Tiki Bar located on the grounds, which is a nice alternative to hot dogs and cotton candy.  Though, their cotton candy is pretty enormous, fluffy and pink!  Hence, classic. Rye Playland has been thrilling people for many years, and from my observations, it has actually gotten cleaner and more enjoyable as time goes by.
Well, I thought it was a nice old fashioned style park.  Lots of history.  Very nice to walk around in the evening.  And admission to the park itself is free.
This place is meant for kids. Little kids. There are a few attractions for the bigger kids and adults as well. My son at 2 found this place to be very fun and we had a good time just watching him have fun. It's a nice, laid back day with the kiddies at a pretty affordable price.
I enjoyed my first visit to Playland, even as an adult. The rides are typical carnival rides with some minor roller coasters thrown into the mix. This place is no Six Flags but should not be compared as it is not meant to be. It is a pier amusement park, like Coney Island or Santa Monica pier in Los Angeles. Meant to have rides all ages can enjoy but dont have expensively huge roller coasters like Six Flags that is dedicated to that. This place has all the traditional rides along with a pier, pool and beach.All the rides seemed safe to me even with the history of accidents. If you follow the rules and the operators follow their safety training, there is not reason someone should be hurt on these rides. The only ride, I felt unsafe on was the Crazy mouse as it throws you from side to side with only a lap bar. I enjoyed the bumper cars. If you want to get wet, go on the Playland Plunge instead of the log ride. Also enjoyed Ride-a-Wave, Superflight. Wished it had a bigger train ride that encircled the whole park so you can view the entire place. Ferris Wheel was lovely and has a nice view of the area. Also features a musical show in the evening for those that dont want to do rides all day. The beach was nice but on the small side. Luckily not too many people on it. If I were to do my day over again, I would have visited the beach first and then done the rides as it was HOT during the first hours and filled with day camp kiddies. In the evening, lines to the rides were very short and it was cool. On the other side, they have a lake that seems wonderful for boating or kayaking. All connected by a boardwalk. I did not walk the entire boardwalk or see the fortune teller machine featured in BIG (didnt know about it until reading the reviews :P). Food- the caramel apple was delicious. They also have the typical junk food- Nathan's, Burger King, cotton candy, funnel cake (did not have one). Pier restaurant looked like a really nice way to end the day. Prices were on the high side. We sat on the patio and the view was lovely. They have an outdoor tiki bar and a large screen for showing sports game. Foodwise- I ordered the Fisherman's combo (big enough for two) as it seemed like a better deal. It came with fried scallops, crab, fish, shrimp, calamari and fries. My only complaint was that it lacked seasoning to the dish on a whole and I had to ask for marinara sauce. They also have a broiled plate. See pier restaurant review. Easy access from NYC without a car- take Metronorth to Rye station with a connecting Beeline shuttle to Playland. Easy!
I came here on Sunday, June 26. The International Latino Music Festival was well on it's way by the time I got there. How fun is that! Great bands! I mean Godmother of Chinatown doesn't understand Spanish but she likes music. It was a great concert..a lot of energy, the crowd loved it, nice sound coming from the stage. If you wanted to just go into the park for the concert...Playland has a spectator pass, $10 which allows you to get into the park but not on the rides. If you want all day ride pass it's is $30. If it's just for kiddyland, $20. I got the "ride all I want all day" pass for $30. Playland is NO Six Flags Great Adventure. Playland is more intimate and rides are not as thrilling as Great Adventures. Well all except for one or maybe two rides in Playland...(1) Super Flight (2) Derby Racer. (1) Super Flight...first off can you imagine...a roller coaster ride where the ride doesn't even stop for you to get on that MF'er?! You should have read my mind when I saw that! I had to run up to the moving....POD. Climb up a few steps to make sure my chin is above a certain point...the attendant closes the pod behind you....I said to myself.....Uuuuuuh where the "F" is the harness?! Well....THERE ISN'T ANY! You should have heard me.....OMFG. I AM GOING TO DIE ON THIS THING! Mind you.....I fell out of a roller coaster before like about 2 years ago or so when I visited Atlanta! LONG LONG story...ask me next time you see me! Super Flight is my first roller coaster ride since I fell out of one...so.....nothing on Super Flight made me feel secure.....It flips your body 90 degrees until you are parallel to the freaking floor....like Superman in Six Flags. Super Flight is crazy because you move around A LOT in this pod...I can't really explain it....it is insane and you would have to go on it to see what I am talking about....My body was REALLY MOVING AROUND. I said to myself...this is it..I am going to die on this ride...but THANK GOD...I didn't. IT IS INTENSE! Superman you are strapped in there....you can hardly move...but in Super Flight...you are bouncing around in the pod. NO JOKING! It flips upside down and your body moves to the other side of the pod...flips back...your body is thrown again...WOW. GEE. GOD HELP ME! (2) Derby Race looks innocent enough...oh..cute little merry-go-round horsies....Until that thing starts to spin and spin and spin out of control. IT IS NOT YOUR CHILD'S MERRY GO ROUND. IT GOES REALLY REALLY REALLY FAST. AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH. ehehhe. The attendants make you lean to your left so you won't fly off. IT IS A MERRY-GO-ROUND GONE CRAZY! ehhehee. They also had a couple of those haunted house rides. Corny but fun. hehehe. Dark. Not for the kiddies! Only one good thing about Playland...it is closer than Great Adventures. I survived the rides and it's fun too.
Playland was a very fond childhood memory for me and my siblings and cousins. And then... well it got a little sketchy there for a while, to the point where you actually had to plan and almost bet on whether or not you'd make it home alive. It seems that the park has successfully taken care of the riffraff by pricing out the garbage - by charging admission to even get in the park ($30 for unlimited rides, $10 for spectators, etc). I found the whole place much cleaner, more pleasant and better-cared for than I have on previous visits in the last 10 years or so. Way to go Playland!
Though this boardwalk amusement park has been met with recent deaths due to faulty rides, there is a certain decadent charm about this place that has kept my family coming back year after year. The park itself is free, so for those close enough who wish to take a little stroll, it's very ideal, though I can't help but splurge on tickets for rides. I haven't been in a year or so due to busier summers, but here's my list for Playland's best features: 1) The Dragon Coaster. This is definitely one of the top woodies in the country, with various dips and turns that I won't mention incase prospective riders are reading this. 2) The Thunderbolt. There's no way to particularly describe this forwards/backwards ride, only that you won't mind the blasting rap music because you'll be having so much fun rocking up and down under the protective clouds of Zeus and his minions. 3) The Skyflyer. You're strapped in and swung upside down as if sitting on the end of a pendulum. 4) The Ferris Wheel: Absolutely terrifying 5) A walk through Kiddyland: The rides are so old-fashioned and cute that they're hard to resist looking at and possibly squeezing inside of. 6) The Derby Racer: This terrific ride with no safety components of any kind has slowed down considerably, but it's fun to just watch the operators jump on and off the spinning platform. 7) The Mind Scrambler: Unfortunately, a little girl died on this ride a few years ago, but I'll admit, when the wind's blowing in your hair, everyone's screaming around you, and you can barely see anything, it's fantastic. 8) The Log Flume: Not one, but two drops! 9) The Fortune Teller from BIG: Freakish little bastard, but an amusing ditty. And be sure to stay on through the night and ride any of the big rides, all of which are lit up and make for a beautiful, eerie picture.
Let me tell you all that the Rye Playland Haunted House during Halloween time, It ROCKED!!! 5x's better than the one I went to in NYC Manhattan. I had a lot of scary fun, not to crowded.. ;). The rides also alot of fun. The park is kept very clean. This is the place where the movie, "BIG" with Tom Hanks was filmed at...
[THIS REVIEW IS OF THE RYE PLAYLAND SCARED OF THE SOUND HAUNTED HOUSE ONLY] Amazingly, I had never been to Rye Playland before I went this past Friday--The Friday before Halloween, otherwise known as "Mischief Night"or "Devil's Night,"depending on where you're from. And it was pretty great!! Luckily, the weather was on our side, and it was the perfect late-Fall evening.  The location in the park, with the rides closed for the season, scary music being piped in, and sea breezes blowing off of the LI Sound lent to the effect that something good/bad/creepy/scary was in store! While the line was a little over an hour long (whoa nellie!), it was worth it.  I was pleasantly surprised by how scary-fun it was, and while there were a few lame moments, most were VERY scary indeed.  I salute the actors, who had to keep in character for HOURS after hordes and hordes of people kept coming through, most of whom were brilliant!  Well worth my $14.  I'll be back... Oh yeah, I saw plenty of kids here, but honestly..I think it would be too scary for any kid under the age of 10.  Does that make me a lame-o?
When here several times a kid with my dad. Nice park but very expensive.
Fun day, short lines, honest friendly staff! My iPhone fell out of my pocket on the dragon coaster, noticed it missing two rides later, went back, the staff had found it and were holding it for the owner! Yay honest, hard working rye Playland staff!
I went with my mother, a 6 year-old girl, and a 46-year old lady.  When we were at the ticket side, I get unlimted ring and the 6-year old girl, Rubelys Castro (who had blood in her eye that time), only got 10 points. Rubelys was so sad and crying by the time I was in the ride, Music Express. The last ride I've been to was the bumping car thingy, and it was hard. And we left Playland by the time it rained.
When I was younger, my uncle had a knack of winning radio station passes here every year, conveniently complemented by a knack of not wanting to go and thus wanting to give them away.  Has a good feel to it and the drive up is nice. Not as crazy as some other parks but still has the amusement park feel. Not sure how they've been doing as of late, but hopefully they're still kickin'...
Went for the first time this past weekend and enjoyed it. Its a nice place with carnival games, rides, mini-golf, funnel cake, ice-skating, fireworks on Weds & Fridays, beach and pier with kayaking, fishing & lake boating. Its nice that its nearby and easy to get to. Can't compare to Six Flags because its just a different type of venue... This is smaller and more like a carnival... but better than Luna Park/Coney Island.  $25 for unlimited rides for Westchester residents, which is okay, not bad but not amazing price. $30 for non-residents. You can also get 5 rides for $15 from Tues-Fri until 6pm.
I haven't been here for years. So we came with the kids. Kiddyland was crowded but the kids were having fun. Prices went up for an all day pass. Big people went on the wooden dragon coaster, derby and flumes. Spent the rest of the day at the beach. Would probably come back for 4th of july.
Lovely, right on LI Sound,  with some amazing classic rides, like real bumper cars and horse steeplechase ride.
Seedy clientele but great still, especially for those seeking cheap thrills and not wanting to leave the NYC Metro Area.  One thing is sure, their long history has proven they've expertise in delivering the kitsch that is required to operate such an amazing facility right on the water in Rye, NY.  Then again, they did go bust as a private operation and now are being run by the city budget so perhaps I'm quick to judge in that regard!
Rye Playland where they filmed the movie Big with Tom Hanks on the boardwalk and historically had concerts on the pier.  You can almost imagine people in their bathing caps and old fashioned swimwear as you walk to the amusement park.  Lot's of people now sunbath on the beach sand, play in the sound, putt-putt and of course, eat Nathan's hot dogs in the summertime.  The amusement park has an indoor ice rink, lot's of rides (Be sure to ride the Dragon Coaster!), games and a center stage with local talent( cheesy singers usually though). One thing you must do before leaving the park.....Go to the fortune machine.  Get your fortune read! :)
This is an absolutely glorious old fashioned park. It is a historic landmark as well as are several of its classic rides such as the carousel, racing derby and old mill. The art deco buildings are lovely and the boardwalk is great. I love that it is unique and not another cookie cutter six flags. I LOVE this park!!!!!!!!
i remember going to Rye Playland for years and years as a youngster. It was my years of maybe 9-12 years old I guess I can come up with the most memories.  I recently went back this year and last year for a picnic.  Now, this year new prices and changes are there. They charge $3 or $5 just for entrance into the park now even if you don't go on any rides.  I was with a big group so I got the $20 all you can ride pass. it was cool but I didn't really get the most out of it. I only went on the Dragon Coaster once, House of Mirrors, Thunderbolt twice. I was basically like I said just there for a picnic outside the grounds. It was still fun though. I really really wanted to go on the train, just to relive some childhood memories but never got around to it. This place is cool but not as awesome as say Great Adventure. It is no means a substitute for a trip there.  Less fun to be had here in Rye than you think.
skate school....terrible!  the actual school is only FINE if you can get your child registered, but it is on THEIR time not yours. they also make it hard to rent skates once you are in the facility.  i have had 3 different accounts of them making it hard for me to sign my boys up for skating.  we will do hommocks in the next session.  good luck!
BEAUTIFUL location right on LI Sound. The tiki bar on th boardwalk was really breathtaking. The place was EXTREMELY clean for such a old establishment. My 7 year old had a blast . Us oldies should have just got a non-rider ticket cuz we could not go on much. Carvel charged 6 bucks for an icecream cone-ridonkulous. The mexican place had a great salad with chicken for 6.50. I did not like that they charge chilren per height instead of age. I had to pay ten bucks more because my daughter is tall? Sure she can go on more rides but as a 7 year old she had no interest in going on the more mature rides. For 30.00 a ticket still well worth it. Bathrooms were clean too- which is very important to me. THE ONE BIG NEGATIVE-THE STAFF HERE ARE SOME OF THE RUDEST, UNFRIENDLIEST PEOPLE ON THE PLANET. NOT ONE SMILE, GRABBED our wrists when we were not scanning them correctly. One guy practically grabbed my wrist like it was not even attached to my arm. They definetly need to have some staff meetings there on how to treat customers properly.
I used to go here all the time as a kid, the last time before yesterday was in high school, and I loved it. This review is solely based on my experience from yesterday, July 31st. I brought my friend with me because I found a package deal with Metro-North. The website said that the package included roundtrip fare for the tran and bus plus ride admission at the park. I asked the man working at the booth at Grand Central and he confirmed that this was indeed the package deal. However the guy working at the admission booth at Playland said the deal only covered beach admission and IF there happened to be a concert there then we would get in. We ended up paying $41.50 to get there and then an additional $30 to get in. It would have been cheaper to pay for each thing individually. When we decided to get something to eat, there weren't many options. We ended up going with Mexican. When we went up to order, the girl running the register said they weren't open yet. We waited 20 minutes then went back to order. I ordered a vegan burrito (only because I don't trust meat from stands) only to be told they didn't have burritos. So my only other option was a vegan quesadilla whoch ended up just being cheese on a tortilla. Another thing-CHEESE is not vegan. They need to  learn the definition of vegan, very misleading (but not a real problem for me since I'm not a vegan). Anyway, it didn't even taste good, but I let that slide despite paying $9.75 on a meal that I barely touched. Later we went to get ice cream, and the girl at that register didn't know how to make change. It was $5.25, I gave her $10.25. She already put in $10.00, and when she realized I gave her a quarter, she gave it back and gave me $4.75 instead of just a $5. I kept my mouth shut, but if someone's going to be on a register, they should at least know how to make change (I know, I'm a cashier part time to help pay for college). The Starship 2000 ride was one of my favorites and it was still cool except it really stank in there. BO, but the kids working the ride could have left the door open longer to air it out. The only good thing was that the lines were short and we got on everything quickly, and although we got stuck on Sky Flight, the guy working that ride had a conversation with us to pass the time until we could get off. But overall, the price was definitely NOT worth it. Six Flags prices for a park nowhere near Six Flags standards. I definitely won't be going back, I'll stick to Six Flags where they are slightly less shady and will give me less of a headache with everything.
