I love this cemetery. Its just beautiful. The staff keeps this cemetery nice and clean. They also treat you nice. I will recommend this cemetery 100 %.
I find cemeteries very peaceful and Woodlawn is a particularly lovely example.  Established in 1863, it is well-maintained and home to many affluent families.  Back in the late 1800s, Woodlawn used to attract wealthy city dwellers by advertising the cemetery as a quiet, serene resting place just 30 minutes from NYC.  Famous residents include Herman Melville, Irving Berlin, Miles Davis, and Duke Ellington (among many others).   Some of the mausoleums have to be seen to be believed - they're enormous and gorgeous works of art. It seems like they are in competition for the nicest mausoleum.  I took a picture of what seemed to be the largest mausoleum.  Serious money has been spent here on stained glass windows, statues, columns and elaborate etched doors.  Some look like church chapels.  One looks like a miniature Parthenon.   The family tombstones are uniform and surround the larger centerpiece memorial.  There's something very planned about the site, yet occupants are allowed to express some individuality.  The family tombstones are uniform and surround the larger centerpiece memorial. The abundance of trees, green lawns, and streams adds to the loveliness of the setting.  I half-expected to see some Goths lurking about the angel statues but it was too sunny for that. It's open to the public and they have walking tours as well as self-guided tours.
After going to forest lawn cemetery in Buffalo, NY I started researching cemeteries closer to home. Woodlawn is amazing from the architecture to the history. It's worth the trip!!
I find it hard to believe that I am actually reviewing a cemetery on YELP, but honestly this is an amazing adventure. I teach a course on Death and Dying. I take my students here. For many it is the first time they have ever been to a cemetery. This is not the cemetery of broken gates, witches, owls and full moons. But rather it is an amazing park filled with amazing graves and mausoleums of the very famous and the not so famous. As others have written this cemetery houses the remains of Herman Melville, Irving Berlin, Celia Cruz, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Julliard, the Woolworth family, the Westinghouse family and so on. It is history. It is peaceful. It is amazing. Guided tours are offered regularly. Concerts are held periodically.  Mausoleums have Tiffany glass windows and St. Gaudiens bronze doors. And all just a subway ride (the #4 subway's last stop at Woodlawn Road is right there) away.
This is an amazing historic site!! I did a self tour! And wow the amount of history hear is just amazing !! My favorite is isador and Ida straus who perished on the titanic, where only one was recovered !! More famous ppl such as jc penny, Woolworth ,  Celia Cruz, Pulitzer . It's great !!
It may sound creepy, but this is actually a beautiful place to spend an afternoon.  It was completed in 1863 during the Civil War and entombs some of old New York society's legends.  It's really just a gorgeous park with old tombstones and mausoleums.  Over the years, it has become somewhat of a bird sanctuary as well, so watch out for the crazy wild turkeys and loons running around.  They tend to be quite territorial, so keep your distance.
The landscape is quite beautiful and they upkeep the property often.  I have family members buried here and strangely enough, I'm happy they are there.  I visit my mother and grandmother here when I can.  It really is a nice and peaceful place to explore.
This is a magical place, every bit as beautiful as the more famous Green-Wood Cemetery. Ponder life and death among grand temples and modest graves.
Woodlawn is one of the loveliest cemeteries I've ever visited.  It's large, peaceful, filled with beautiful statuary & mausoleums, and even accessible by subway.  There's a strong sense of history at Woodlawn (some prominent people are buried there) and it's like a compendium of the 20th century.  You could easily wander around for hours.
This is actually a very beautiful place to take a walk in. :)
Beautiful to walk around in.  Stunning mausoleums and gorgeous stained glass.  However, hours are really short.  Also, there have been some unsavory labor issues - union-busting, racist hiring practices.  Pretty place, but they are definitely "business minded."
It always amazes me that some of the world's best and brightest's greatest ambition in life was to build for themselves grandiose houses of the dead:  Alva Vanderbilt Belmont (of Marble House and Belcourt Castle in Newport fame) and her ostentatious, but nonetheless beautiful monument to herself - and I guess her husband, too (of Belmont Racetrack fame) - as well as the huge castle-like mausoleum of some Wall Street big-shot (whose name escapes me at the moment) and the simple yet regal tomb of the Straus family (of Macy's Department Store and TITANIC fame) - always a bit unsettling to see the whole LOST AT SEA on the stone.  Miles Davis is here, as well as the Twombley's - for whom Florham Park, NJ is named for - and the Woolworth tomb (Barbara Hutton, poor little rich girl). The park is beautiful, black squirrels everywhere, and a great place to spend the day.  The people in the main office are very nice.  Grab a map and get lost for a while.
You take the Lexington Avenue No.4 subway train uptown to the last stop (Woodlawn), cross the street and enter another world. We  spent several hours on a Sunday afternoon walking around. It's vast and deserted; we saw fewer than half a dozen living souls during our entire visit. The place is totally quiet and very beautiful, with immaculate landscaped grounds and  huge stone mausoleums and monuments to eminent Americans from a bygone age. If you peer inside the crypts, you can see Tiffany stained glass windows with sunlight shining through. It is not monotonous, but rather fascinating to see the fine materials, craftsmanship, and impressive architectural variations on the theme of final resting places for very wealthy individuals. It is impossible to cover the entire necropolis in a single visit, but wandering around randomly is a strangely relaxing and peaceful experience. While there are famous people buried here, most names are totally unrecognizable.
