Allison is the best. I've been going to her for about 2 years now, and have never been disappointed. Her facials include a mini-massage which is amazing. She also is continuously experimenting with new services that are worth it. The Facial Manual Lymphatic Drainage is amazing - I could literally feel my lymph nodes pumping away afterwards. Which reminds me that I should add that to my next facial appointment...
After years of cheap nail salon (and often not so great) eyebrow waxes, having Allison work on my brows has been a whole new experience.  She's super attentive and very professional.   Even though the price is more than I was used to, its definitely worth it for the quality of her work.  She appears to have a one-person operation and is in very high-demand, so appointments are necessary- be sure to call ahead of time.
Allison is excellent and thorough. I have been there for facials, as well as bikini, Brazilian and eyebrow waxes. She always explains to me what she is doing and gives me helpful hints for my home regime (I will use YonKa forever!).  I have been there so many times, even after moving an hour away in Connecticut because the drive is worth it! I have taken friends with me who have gone back as well, just to have Allison work on them. I even had her do the makeup for my wedding!  Balance Day Spa is the best day spa I've ever been to, and I don't plan on going anywhere else!  You won't be disappointed.
I am 7 1/2 months pregnant with my first child and I need to get a wax. I made an appointment with Allison for Friday February 10th and we unfortunately had a serve snow storm which we then had to reschedule. Since the snow was so bad Allison had to open her shop on Sunday to take a couple of clients and I was one of them. Since it had been a while that I had a wax and I am pregnant it was painful but Allison was so good with being patient with me. I already booked my next appointment because I wouldn't want to go any where else. Thank you Allison for all the help see you in six weeks.
The only place in White Plains worth going for a bikini wax.  The establishment is clean, neat and nicely decorated. The atmosphere is peaceful and comfortable.  The owner is excellent at both making clients feel welcome and at waxing.  She is friendly and doesn't rush the appointments; she wants to you leave satisfied and happy.  I'll never go anywhere else!
Call me meticulous, call me high-maintenance, but the only hair removal method I will ever use for my legs is waxing.  Somewhat of a Mediterranean stereotype, just two days after I've used a fresh razor, and I'm due for a shave all over again.  A) I don't have time for this grooming routine, B) I'll inevitably cut myself through the third layer of my epidermis when entrusted with a razor in the shower, and C) I loathe all of the painful ingrown hairs and bumps that come with the territory of shaving. Enter Allison, the amazing woman behind Balance Day Spa.  I really have to admire her work ethic and business acumen - after many years as an aesthetician, she decided to establish her own day spa in White Plains.  She's truly a perfectionist in how she cares about the experience of her clients and in her ability to do a beautiful job.  It's not often you find someone who remembers all the tidbits of what's going on with your family AND does a superb job of waxing your legs AND doesn't charge a small fortune.  Allison often says that it is difficult to come by an aesthetician who knows what she is doing with wax, and it's true.  In the past, I've had painful, ingrown hairs and there have been times the hair follicle has gotten infected.  But not with Allison!  She is precise and the methods she uses lead to a bump-free, silky smooth existence.  While I was living in Chicago, booking an appointment with Allison was always high-priority whenever I came home for a long weekend or otherwise. If you need a last-minute appointment, it may be difficult.  Allison is currently the only aesthetician and she is booked weeks and weeks in advance.  She is, however, extremely flexible with scheduling.  There are times where I have been running late thanks to accidents on the Deegan or have had to make an appointment late in the evening, and Allison has been very understanding and accommodating. Thanks to Balance Day Spa, my legs are silky smooth for weeks (and can avoid being called an "Earth Momma" by one quirky yoga instructor)!
First impression: Allison is fabulous (she also likes using this word - and variants of this word - alot =P). She comes off as an extremely intelligent woman who just happened to find her niche in the waxing world and made a business out of it, and boy am I glad she did. She is quite the one-woman show! I think she literally handles every aspect of her business on her own, maybe except when she's on vacation. As soon as I stepped through the door, Allison made me feel right at home. I thought long and hard about how to describe the way that she made me feel, and the only way I can truly describe it was that she treated me like a friend she was trying to catch up with after a long absence. No awkwardness, no rapid-fire string of questions, just a nice, easy flow. I love the quaintness and homey decor of her suite - definitely a far cry from the stern office building exterior - and I really appreciated the cleanliness and organization of the room in which I had my waxing done. Allison really did a great job with my wax. She says that great waxers are few and far between, but she is definitely one of them. She was extremely thorough (almost to the point of being OCD..not my words, she said so herself), and I really appreciate that she took the extra time to make sure to clean up not just the area that I wanted waxed, but also the areas directly adjacent to it. Like I said, very thorough. And fabulous. I'm excited that she is looking to hire a second waxer - yay for more appointment availabilities?! With her high standards, I'm sure the second person will be just as fabulous as she is. I can't wait to book my next appointment! (:
I'm 9 month pregnant and new at the White Plains area. I was terrified of  experimenting new waxing salons due to the fact that waxing is a very private issue; moreover, during pregnancy most of your body is VERY sensitive especially on your last trimester. The first time I went to Balance Day Spa was a month ago when I had my under arm and half leg waxed. I learned about Balance Day Spa through Yelp and so, I took a chance and schedule an appointment with Alison. Alison was very professional, sensitive and listened to my needs as I was very nervous. Finally, she did an amazing job and the whole atmosphere was very relaxing and soothing. The place is very clean and the treatment room makes you feel comfortable as soon as you you walk in. It was such a positive experience so I decided to come back to have my bikini line before labor and I'm so glad I did it! Alison was very sensitive due to the fact that pregnant women are more sensitive than the usual (especially at 9 month when everything is sore and puffy), explaining clearly every step of the way. Thanks to her I'm ready to give birth in style; hairless in the right places. I would defiantly recommend on Balance Day Spa as the best place for perfect waxing.
So if you know my profile you know that I have traveled everywhere: Europe, East Coast, West Coast, and as every girl knows she needs a good place to go to get pampered, but also to "clean up" so to say :) Balance Day Spa is that awesome place in the NYC Metro Area. The Good ~Alison the owner is professional, friendly and down to earth. ~She listens to what you need, " I like thin brows" I got thin brows. "I need a bikini wax!" Done. "What are these blackheads doing on my chin?" Glowing facial anyone?! What could be better ~Alison is currently the only Wax Tech so scheduling can get tricky. What takes getting used to.... ~Her cancellation policy: if you miss an appointment or cancel within less than 24 hours (she calls EVERY appointment the day BEFORE to confirm you are coming) she changes your credit card 100% for the service you were scheduled for (like most high end spas do) BUT you can use that CREDIT anytime within the next 3 months UNLIKE ANY OTHER HIGH END SPA!!! Ummm hello, where do I sign?! I moved back to NYC last year, I work in the city and commute to Westchester to have Alison take care of my spa needs, THAT is how good Balance Day Spa is! :)
I was referred to Allison for facials by a friend with amazing skin. I have seen numerous people for facials over the years including regular facials at  high end spas in the city and no one comes close to a facial with Allison! She uses amazing products, pays attention to every detail, and you leave feeling not only relaxed but your skin will be glowing. I recently underwent a peel series with her, and I am thrilled with the results. My breakouts have cleared, hyperpigmentation has lightened and the overall tone and brightness of my skin has improved. I can't wait to see how my skin looks as I continue my monthly facials.
Ever since I moved back to White Plains from Manhattan, I've been coming to Allison for my brows. She not only does a fantastic job, but she has a great demeanor and really makes you feel comfortable. I would recommend Balance Day Spa to anyone in the area!
A truly great experience. On a whim, because I was in the area I decided to call to try to make an appt for a brazilian bikini wax.  I didn't want to leave a message and figured I'd just stop in to see if there was time to squeeze me in.  Not only did I receive a call back based on the caller id, but I called back and was able to get squeezed in.  The owner, who I spoke to, gave me great directions to the building! When I arrived at the building I was a little skeptical about the place because it was in a medical office building but the parking was free so I wasn't complaining.   I also wasn't complaining when I arrived to the suite that balance day spa is in and saw how tranquil and inviting it was.  Soft hues of green and white and blue offer a french country feel.  The Keurig in the corner with an assortment of teas and coffees, the fridge stocked with milks and creamers and the werther's original hard candies called my name.  The bathroom was super clean too!  I'm always impressed when I see a clean bathroom. Now for some background... my mom has had her own beauty salon where she did waxing and facials in the city on the UES and now she works out of her home where she turned the above ground basement into her office.  I know the standards she puts on things because I grew up with them and always strive to look for places that have the same standards as she does... I am happy to report I found a place like this. The owner knows what she's doing, is professional, sweet, talkative and well educated.  She cares about cleanliness, she cares about hygiene and most importantly she cares about her customers.  She knows, like my mom, that in order to get a great following with great referrals you need to provide an experience at places where you're getting waxed or having your face cleansed and treated.  She's not looking to just squeeze out as much money as she can.  I got that experience here and was happy I decided on a whim to come here.  And the brazilian was done well and I am very pleased with the results!   I am deifnitely a return customer and have already referred a friend to try balance day... I'll be referring more!  Definite thumbs up for this place!
I was looking for a good place war faxing for years and just when I started to lose hope - I discovered Balance Day Spa. Allison is the most professional, fun and energetic person I know. She will treat you as if she knew you for years, learning about you, your needs, your preferences and always make you feel like you were her most important client ever! After I had my leg wax done at any other place, I could feel the hair growing back in just 5 days (which means it wasn't really removed, it was just cut off on the surface of the skin). After Allison's wax I can wait as long as 6 weeks to really need another session. I know it's hard to get an appointment with her (another hint - if "walk ins are welcome" it usually means the place sucks!) but it is definitely worth the wait (and you can easily schedule your next appointment then).
Allison is amazing!! She does my facials (so relaxing), my bronzing treatments (nothing like a spray tan and its very natural looking), and she did my makeup on my wedding day. I received SOOOOOO MANY COMPLIMENTS! My makeup was natural and stunning! It even with stood some tears from when i took my vows :-) Allison is the best and put me at ease on the biggest day of my life! Thank you!!!
An unbelievable find! I have actually found a place I can go to and NOT MIND HAVING HOT WAX APPLIED TO ME. The owner is incredibly friendly and makes everything so simple! I called for an appointment, was called back very promptly, and was fit in within the same day! I will agree with other yelpers that the initial appearance of the establishment is somewhat...shady, what with it being located inside a medical office building that is having construction done to it.  When I got inside, however, I was totally floored! A totally adorable and relaxing space with scented candles, light colors, coffee and tea...everything was soothing and comfortable. I especially appreciated the fact that during the wax, each stick was used once and thrown out (I am a stickler for hygienic practices). The prices were great and I will be returning asap!
Allison is a one-woman shop: she answers her phones, books her own appointments, and does the services.  Perhaps this is her way of reducing overhead- as her prices are reasonable for this area.  I also get the sense that Allison is a bit of a perfectionist-- in a good way, of course!-- in that she wouldn't be able to trust anybody else but herself in giving her what her clients need. I went in for my first waxing ever and came out relatively painless and hair-free.  Allison knows how to carry a conversation to distract you from whatever misery you may think yourself to be in- which for me, was anywhere between a soft tickle and a slightly rough pull of a band-aid. While Allison has decorated the space appropriately, the space itself, as others have mentioned, is set in an unlikely setting- a kind of sub-par medical office with a creaky old-school elevator to match.  Expect the building's parking lot to be full, and if it's not full, expect it to be annoying. I'll be back! .
I just moved to NY and needed a place to get my eyebrows done. Balance Day Spa is the place to go! Allison did an amazing job, my eyebrows have never looked so good. I'm definitely going back.
I went to Balance Day Spa for my first EVER brazillian wax. My experience here was as enjoyable as getting hair ripped out of your skin can be! :) Allison has a wonderful personality she walked me through the entire process. She was completely honest about everything, telling me what parts would hurt the most. I felt completley comfortable and at ease. I've had friends tell me they've had tears in their eyes when they've gotten a brazillian wax and my experience was no where near close to that. Allison is a true professional! The spa itself is SPOTLESS - completley clean, you could eat off the floor. Allison never used a wax stick more than once - one dip into the wax and into the garbage it went. Prices are extremely fair. Before I left i made my next appointment - I'm hooked and cannot wait to try more things at Balance Day Spa!
All right...so I wasn't thrilled with my brows. But Allison's customer service is pretty admirable. I got a hand-written card and a refund check within a day of writing a review. Pretty respectable!
I've been coming to Balance for a little over a year now and i am OBSESSED with it. Once you walk in you are immediately at ease. I get a Brazilian wax and a amazing facial with Alison every 5-6 weeks and ALWAYS rebook before i leave. That way there's no forgetting on my end, and a spot just for me waiting. I 100% recommend Balance Day Spa!
I have been coming to Balance Day Spa since early this summer when my best friend Ashley recommended Allison as doing the best brazilian she's ever had.  As a spa professional herself I trusted her and she was right.  Balance is immaculately clean as I noticed right away by her spotless white tiled bathroom.  (You can always tell a lot about an establishment by the way they keep their bathrooms) The owner Allison uses a different stick each time she dips into the wax and is super quick while also being a perfectionist.  This was the most clean & painless waxing I've ever had.  I've been back to have my eyebrows done as well as the most AMAZING facial.  The best testament to how great my skin looked was when my teenaged son said to me "mom, your skin is glowing".  Never before or since has he said anything like that :) Also free parking in the back is great as you may know parking in WP can be a major issue.
This was my first time getting a bikini wax and I was very nervous. Allison not only made me feel extremely comfortable, she also did a fantastic job. I was so pleased I have already booked my next three appointments.
Love love love!!!! I have searched all over White Plains for the perfect wax and I have found it! I will be back, and I'm bringing friends :)
So, updated...Happy New Year to me!  Another year older and looking about 5 years younger thanks to the 6 weeks of fantastic facial peels with Allison.  I actually look younger than I did last year and other people have noticed/commented (OK asked if I'd "done" something).  The biggest difference is the fine lines on my forehead and between my eyebrows - you know that part that you frown with all the time due to your co-workers driving you mad - those were in danger of becoming deep crevices, but now they are significantly reduced (I'm 45).  My pores are much smaller/less noticeable and the overall tone of my skin is much smoother - I use Yonka products and have regular facials but this has made the most amazing difference.  I'm thrilled with the results and can't wait to make it a regular annual event.
I decided to start getting facials here after the amazing bikini wax I received from Allison months prior. I've been going to Balance for over a year (on and off) for facials. My skin and complexion have improved since having started the consistent care with Allison. It might be nice to book later afternoons or weekends because the parking situation is difficult during lunch hours. Since the spa is in a building which houses various medical practices; at lunch, the parking lot is overfilled to capacity. I usually find street parking and worry about running over my meter time and receiving a parking ticket. Not anyone's fault, it is White Plains and it is usually hit or miss with parking - I am glad that Balance at least offers parking. The spa itself is very clean as is made evident by her bathroom (no paper towels, hand towels - good for taking the initiative on green practices). I have had the Balance facial and it is amazing. Allison is very thorough, examines your skin and decides what treatment would be best for you. She also doesn't try to push products on you like other places which is a nice plus. For instance I asked her about a night serum and she suggested instead the important of a good cleanser, so she is fairly honest without attempting to push unnecessary products on you.  Allison is friendly, polite, talkative and educated on her products and gives out good natural/holistic tips for lifestyle/skincare. She has a very strong personality so if you are of the type that cannot harmonize with an outgoing dynamic disposition, this might not be the spa for you. I know some people prefer to go to spas where the aestheticians take a hands off approach, super mellow and non informative aesthetician-client rapport (high turnover on client/aestheticians & impersonal) . I prefer her hands on approach, for instance I purchased a Yon-Ka gommage from her, had she not provided a live demonstration on her own face, I would have gone home and been unable to use the product on myself. She cares about making sure that her clients take care of their skin even if she is not present. A testament to services provided is Allison herself, think of when you go to a hair salon - you would never trust anyone with atrocious hair, same concept. Allison has great skin and looks great! I would highly recommend her facials.
I have never done any kind of spray tan or self tanner before so I was super nervous to do the bronzing service. But I really didn't want to be pastey white for my cousin's wedding. I must have emailed Allison about 5 times and called twice asking her every question under the sun about this service-I mean seriously I was just beyond nutty. She answered every question with patience and never got annoyed with my questions (sometimes asking the same question 3 times 3 different ways!). The next morning after I had it done, I looked AWESOME! The perfect golden color! Seriously not a streak or an imperfection! The most perfect, even colored "tan" I have every seen on myself! I have gotten so many compliments on how it came out and people who didn't know I had this done, asked if I went away for the weekend! It seriously looks perfect and I am beyond happy with how it came out. Allison is so meticulous in every service that she does that to be honest I don't even know why I was worried to begin with. She really is phenomenal in every way- amazing at every service I have ever had from her- waxing, facials and now bronzing! She is wonderful at customer service! Extremely patient and understanding and professional. Just wonderful to get such intimate services from!
