Went on a Saturday and by 11am, there were plenty of people! We parked at a nearby lot for $5 and walked over a block or two. Lots of vendors with crafts and consumables (jewelry, fudge, wall art, nuts, etc.), beer/wine garden, fairy house judging area, and a food court. I didn't find anything I liked enough to buy, but it was fun to explore all the crafts and local goods. We passed through the beer/wine garden since we didn't have a good experience with Fox Run recently, but the fairy houses were super adorable!! The food court has your standard fair food, but my favorite was Wine Not and their wine ice cream! Great way to spend a few hours!
This is one of my favorite festivals during festival season in Rochester.  I can see where people are coming from when they say "it's not an arts festival" or it's overpriced, etc.  Yes, it is more arts and crafts.  Yes, some of the items do seem a little pricey.  I think that's what it's about.  Art is art is art.  Everyone has a different perception of art.  Corn Hill Arts Festival gives new and seasoned artists a place to showcase their work.  Their work is priced on what they feel their value is.   As a mom, I like this festival over others like Park Ave.  Park Ave has more of a party feel and doesn't seem as family friendly.  Corn Hill has local artists, local bands, local food, activities for the kids.  It's a great way to spend a Saturday even if you don't buy anything.
Lots of food. Food trucks, carnival like booth food, and near a lot of restaurants. I thought I'd really love this festival, but most of the vendors sell very expensive, overpriced middle aged housewife trinkets. The best part is walking around and realizing that there are houses on either side of you. Must be a huge pain for the residents, but the idea is novel and charming. Glad I checked it out, but don't think I will go again.
Actually was very disappointed with this "arts" festival, as it is really, truly simply a food vending and crafts event. Fried dough, kettle popcorn, lemonade drinks, and hot-dogs, top the list of attractions, with bands, nothing special bbq vendors, and hundreds of crafts rounding out the spectacle. Three different vendors of sea-glass art, tie dye tees, four different vendors of yard ornaments, wood workers (at least two), Henna painting, kids' face painting, several potters, and scattered variations of photography and paintings might appeal to you, or maybe you've seen it before. You have. At moments, one might catch themselves wondering, am I really at a metropolitan Art's festival or was I somehow transported to small gritty carnival in some agriculture town. Lots of guys going shirtless, not one of whom should have, (think Danny DaVito or John Goodman, not Ryan Gosling), and thankfully their "ladies" had the decency to be at least partially attired. Bonus this year: was the Food Trucks that were present to raise the fest's culinary standards, as was evident by their being depleted of much of stocks by mid afternoon on Saturday. It seems some folks do know good food when given the option. 3 stars for that. Won't go back and can't recommend it.
There are few things I love in this world more than the Corn Hill Arts Festival. It's a charming, adorable little neighborhood in a historic section of Rochester and one weekend a year, the streets are shut down and filled to the brim with food and all manner of arts vendors. I love this event so much my husband and I seriously flew three thousand miles to see it this year. The stages scattered throughout the fest feature some of Roch's favorite local bands, and you can find a ton of local deliciousness from Zweigle's hots and Abbott's custard to your standard "Fair Fare" (deep-fried candy bar, anyone?). Always so sad to see the weekend end, can't wait for another year of arts and entertainment!
This was a festival that my parents as I would frequent when I was a child. Since then I have moved away, and periodically come back to visit for the festival. The festival has improved a great deal and features some really great artists. It's different from Park Ave in a sense, that it really focuses more on art rather than just partying it up and being drunk. Rochester always has the best festivals and this one in particular features some great craftsmen, food and local bands.
