This place would have received 1 star but the saunas are excellent and don't mind the barefoot policy since the place is pretty clean.  Then again I went on a Tuesday afternoon. The second star is for potential. I believe Spa Castle is supposed to be & could be a relaxing experience but it fails in so many ways. Cost - Admission $40 on weekdays/$50 on weekends which inlcudes the lounge pools with massage jets, jacuzzi, locker rental and saunas as well as valet parking. Then drinks, food and other services inside are insanely expensive.  Every meal is  a minimum of $12/ Drinks range from $10 - $14. The food and drinks are medicore. It's a waste, don't bother eating here. All other services such as massage and manicure are overpriced.   Service - Don't expect warm greetings or welcoming smile instead you only get frustrated, annoyed staff.  Every question is a nuisance. No people skills except the Colombian gentleman working the third floor bar.  Everyone else clearly did not want to be there even when our group were polite & gave no complications. Food and drink service is slow. However, there was only one bartender serving the adults on the pool level.  Perhaps add another bartender because she could use some help there? Ambience - Usually tranquil, peaceful, relaxing comes to mind when describing a spa but Spa Castle is none of that.  Kids running around going crazy and adults having a great time sometimes behaving like kids. There are hardly any quiet areas unless you sign up for extra services.  . They might as well play Top 40 music in the pool section, add some trippy lights and fog machine for good measure.  It's more of a bar/lounge with a SPA theme and now open until 2am! The pool section also comes with guys hollering at ladies and offering to buy drinks. The only thing that prevent Spa Castle from fully transforming into the SPA Bar/Lounge are the kids and the 3 drink limit per person.   Overall I had a good time since I was just pretty much hanging out with my friends. Always help to be in good company. But don't, I REPEAT DO NOT COME HERE TO RELAX. This is not it unless you come here very early in the morning on a weekday but who has time to do that? This location is not even convenient unless you drive. Find a serious spa.
I think this place gets such high reviews because of the ambiance because if you don't plan on spending money, all your getting out of spa castle is unlimited access to pools and saunas ($35). Everything else from massage to food costs extra. So you walk in, pay, and then get changed into this outfit that they give you for the day..but you put you bathing suit under the uniform. For girls the uniform is pink and Orange, and for guys it's light blue and dark blue. You keep all your belongings in a locker with a provided lock, but there's no privacy to change. In the women's locker room there is an indoor nude pool  -_- ( your required to shower before you get in (also naked)). After your all dressed you go upstairs and there's a bunch of saunas, massage chairs, heated floors, seating areas, and a cafe with food. There are also private enclosed areas where you can pay for various spa treatments. The food here is crazy overpriced and not good at all , but i can say they have THE BEST coconut bubble tea I've ever tasted. There's also a third floor. The the third floor has the pools. There's indoor and outdoor pools, that are heated, and have jets. The pools are pools; nothing different or special about them then any other swimming pool. I hear they look really nice at night when they are all lit up. Spa castle is a nice, fairly inexpensive place to come to for a day if you want to get away from the world for a few hours, and just relax with some friends and enjoy the atmosphere.
Spa castle is always fun. Can be romantic depending on the time of day you go...avoid weekends as there are just too many kids. They no longer have alcohol only wine and beer BOOOOOO! I still end up here about 6 times a year.
the place is amazing.... i have one complaint..... the staff at the front desk when first coming in, need  to smile, and make people feel welcome. they dont, they make it seem like its a chore to be friendly,... aslo the staff in the womens locker room when you first come in are extreamly not nice, and slightl rude..... please have them work on it....
Probably the least relaxing spa experience one could ever have. From the patron I overheard threatening never to come back if the stone-faced manager didn't do something to fix his situation to the cacophony of alarm-clock-like locker signals ringing incessantly in the men's room. This place is NOT relaxing.
Spa Castle (SC) VS. King Sauna (KS)!!! I would give Spa Castle a 3.5 stars. LOCKER ROOMS . WOMEN ONLY AREAS and Appt Desk Review- When you walk in, you pay the entrance fee and once you walk into the women's locker room, you put your shoes away in the cubby hole and collect your uniform at the desk, which is the same desk you make an appt for scrubs and massages. Set up at King Sauna is much more efficient! They have cubby holes outside the bathing room so you can store your uniform, SC they do not have this, so you are going to your locker all the time. It is better to split up the line for uniforms and appts like KS, there were a few times I saw the line at SC for people picking up uniforms or make appts. The pools at KS and SC are about the same and nice, but SC had massaging jets seatss!! which is a big plus! The ladies who give the scrub at SC are very good at looking for you for your scrub and they even have a chalkboard, KS they dont really look for you. I do the open area spa, at SC the area is much smaller and the tables much closer together, KS it is spacious, more tables and it doesn't feel like an open area scrub. Prices will come out the same for a scrub and massage with tip. SC- tip included, KS, not included. WINNER- KS FOOD- at KS there is only korean food, SC has a buffet and a whole spread including buffet, sushi, burgers frozen yogurt, etc. WINNER- SC, sooo expensive though.... SAUNAS, BATHS, POOLS ETC- SC  has outdoor and indoor pools, with massage jets etc, You have to bring a bathing suit since it is a coed area. I have no idea if the jets work or not, but it looks like a nice place for sun bathing. RELAXATION- def KS!, they have different rooms with TVs that are dark, semi dark and light with so many comfortable lounge chairs to nap and read in. The lounge area at SC was noisy since it was next to the food area and the upstairs is too well lit. WINNER- KS
Very good
After watching bored to death and reading about this place in the NYTimes a few yrs ago.  I had to come since i am like a fish when you put me in a hot tube.  This place sounded like heaven to me.  I thought i was entering disney land at first with those turnstiles and strange rules, but love those plastic watch looking magnetic lock openers!  45 bucks sounds kind of steep too, but it ended up being worth it. come on the weekdays i think its cheaper and less crowded with less kids.  I enjoyed  exploring all the different floors. They need a map. Some hokey pookey spas like the led room...I liked the big brown room that felt like i was in some shamens sweat tent!!!freaking great!!! as was the salt room.  My only criticism are those socialist t shirts and shirts they make you wear.  I wanted to go shirts off!!! its like 180 degrees in there... The best room is the ice locker in the back....Also what is up with the pieces of paper they want you to drink out off. Get a water fountain for christs sake!!! maybe their trying to get you to buy their  water, next time i'm bringing a water bottle. I almost forgot the best part, head to the roof... more hot tubs and 2 large pools with many different kinds of jets.
Whenever I am stressed out, I think about the Spa Castle. Living 12 miles from it, I have been using the Spa for a few years, with family and friends, 4 or 5 times a year. The quality of the SERVICE has gone down, and the price of admission fees and food have gone up. They did add a Bar and couples treatment area. Spa Castle's weekday entrance fee is $40. Recently, I bought tickets on Living Social for $20, with an expiration day. Well, I will visit Spa Castle at College Point today and tell you how I feel after. Hope the rude manager, commented by a reviewer, is on vacation. What I really like the Spa is the awesome $3 per/10 min. massage chair, hot tubs in the women room as well as Korean Food on the top floor. Who knows, I may even run into you.
The official REAL review on Spa Castle -- A few friends and I ventured out to Queens (via car) from Brooklyn last Saturday. The drive was really smooth, no traffic. So, the location was a hit for me. We arrived shortly after 10AM and to be surprised by  enormous facility . The spa is nestled away in a residential area close to the Whitestone Expressway. There is tons of street parking but since we observed a parking lot, we decided to try it out. Luckily, it was free to valet for patrons (tips only). We entered the facility to be greeted by cashiers. Monday - Friday the entrance fee is $35, on weekends - $45. After paying the fee, the cashiers give you an electronic wristwatch to manage costs (this is how you pay for services, food, open/lock gym). On the ground floor - you enter the women's locker room where you are greeted by attendants who provide uniform (a cheesy pink and orange shorts-set). At this desk, you can sign up for spa services --*I highly suggest booking in advance via phone or online*  The women-only spa areas are nude. You have to shower & soak body before getting a body scrub or massage.  There 5 or 6 different jacuzzis/baths (including the Event Bath)where you can soak.  Also includes two saunas, cool-off pool, self scrub area, showers, etc. Changing areas: Clean, advanced locker system (wristwatch operated) , you have to pay for additional towels The spa services: Best 80min Body Scrub/ Massage I ever had - however  the masseuses talk NON stop. It is really hard to have a tranquil, serene experience. I was highly disappointed. I wasted my $90. The food areas: EXPENSIVE. You have to pay $12 per lb for their food bar. Naked drinks for $6. They charge $0.25 for a small plastic cup. The food was ok - but prices are illegal. I recommend bringing own drinks/snacks/liquor The unisex rooftop: Loud, crowded & tacky - don't bother The unisex saunas (about 9 different types): Impressive.. the least crowded unisex area. The Tonic Bar: really lame - I am not sure who would have a private party. Very tacky. Drinks are $15 and up. To sum it up -- I wanted to love Spa Castle. I would recommend it for large groups, girly outings. A place to lounge around - NOT for relaxation. Very loud ambiance.   I think it is overpriced for what you get. You can easily spend $150+ if you plan on getting additional services. Honestly, I preferred the nude areas - I think single sex bath houses are the way to go. Most people feel uncomfortable with being nude, so they head to the unisex areas. _________________ Would I go back?: yes Is it amazing?: no Are there better places?: yes
NOT an enjoyable nor relaxing experience at all. Main problems: 1. Dirty/Run Down 2. Lots of children/teenagers 3. Lots of rules 4. One worker who is like the head mistress of the place, yells at you like you are in boarding school because you are doing it wrong or not drying off in the right place. I did not just pay $45 to a spa feel like an inconvenience. 5. Food is over priced because you are inside and just "beep" for a purchase until you check out, you see the ridiculous amount of money you spent on a smoothie 6. NOT PARADISE..as they advertise it Basically if you are looking to relax and feel like you are going for a spa treatment, don't come here. It's a stressful experience, save your money for a nice massage at a smaller spa.
I went there with my adult daughter for a day of relaxation on Monday December 26, 2011. First of all the valet parking was full so we had to hunt around for parking.  After waiting on a line to pay our holiday entrance fee of $45.00 per person, we were on our own to figure out what to do.  We were given watch like bands that you use to open lockers and charge everything from food to massages.  The lockers didn't work easily and it was hard to get an attendant to assist.  It felt like Grand Central Station.  Speaking of attendants, the Asian work force was a thousand times nicer than the others who were stressed or nasty or both.   This place was anything but relaxing.  Children of all ages were stomping around, roaming in packs between saunas, shrieking and all in all made it more like Sesame Place. I had to pass a roll of toilet paper over because the next stall was empty.  This is a spa and you are paying for certain amenities! Cleaning attendants should be checking those bathrooms constantly with the numbers of people moving about.  We wanted to order steamed dumplings and were told it would be a half hour wait....sorry.  I personally don't like being in whirlpools with children when I'm looking for grown up time...yuch factor.  The salad bar was decent and the bartender was great.  We had great Shiatsu massages for $75.00 but this was in a shared room and you keep your clothes on.  The techs were great though.  I see that people say going during the week is the best, but most people work during the week and want to relax on the weekend or a holiday.  If I were the owner I would limit the numbers and have designated adult only saunas, whirlpools etc. as well as hours where kids are not allowed in.  We had fun despite the hundreds of people and kids and chaotic atmosphere.  This is an interesting experience worth trying once because it's so different.  But if it's relaxation and a spa like atmosphere you want....look elsewhere.
It was quite crowded when we paid a visit  but we managed to experience all of it's facilities during the entirety of our stay. Among my favorites  was the Hinoki bath which has a 106 degree Fahrenheit temp ... just perfect to match with the cool temperature  on that day. The aroma lingers as you spend longer time in the tub.   Water body jet was also a favorite. Had experienced a very stimulating body massage via its water jets . Waterfall was my husbands favorite . A strong downpour shower fall that was truly the perfect massage fit for his needs. The rest of the spa facility  offers unique body part massage  concentration . Each one has its own specialization.  Over all,  an experience that transformed our body , mind and soul to a different energy level . Place is clean,  maintained and  organized. How I just wish they provide free bath towel too for uniformity. It losses it's classiness as you see different prints and colors of towel  all over the place.  Food court offers healthy selection . I find it a little pricey though.  Oh well . I would recommend for you to try the place. Worth the trip and the price especially we got a half price voucher from living social.  :)
I give this place 3 stars. I liked this place, there were just enough things for me to dislike for me not to give it a spectacular,rating. When I first arrived there we werent greeted so warmly ( that didnt bother me)... and we werent told about the basics of Spa castle. My friend and I learned by following other people. We learned that our shoes go in one locker and that our clothes go in a seperate (I actually liked that idea). Then from there it got odd. Everyone was naked. I am not a prude when it comes to nudity. Fine ok, maybe these people want to relax... Long story short, we didn't know we needed uniforms until we got a bunch of awkward looks. I mean it's not like we were oriented on the ground rules. So before we went back down stairs to try on the uniform we decided to go to the downstairs bathing room. The bathing room was large, nice and had a variety of temperatures to relax in.....but wait..... nudity was a requirement.... So whatever, we said "hey lets step out of our element"..... boy do i regret that. PENISES EVERYWHERE!- awkward. ok maybe the nudity wouldnt have been so awkward if every male in the pools didn't salivate and stare at you like chuck stake... I brought it up to my buddy and he said that it was all in my head. So I dismissed it and decided to just relax. After all, this is a spa. Right when I was getting comfortable we decided to move ourselves in a warmer pool (still in the nude bath house section) the worst happened. A man was staring at me and my friend.... I once again dismissed it. So we just try our best to relax and the man gets up with a full on Boner/erection. No shame at all. Me and my friend looked at each other with that "did you see that????? Do you wanna leave??????"-face. So we decided on leaving in 3 minutes... about that time the man comes back from staring at us in another pool and doing God-knows-what underwater. We just got up and left to the upstairs. The upstairs was the best part. We enjoyed ourselves and all of the facilities in the pool. The saunas are also great too. Thats why I give this place 3 stars. In a nutshell... Pros: -Heated pools -Massage Jets in the pools -Saunas -High tech watches for lockers and tab -Blowdryers -relaxation rooms -Mixed crowd Cons: -Perverts will get erections off of you due to required nudity -Couples making out and fondling in the outside pools -Virtually no customer service -No security Guards -Way too many children -Food was way too expensive -The "no swimming/no diving/no drinking in the pool" rules aren't enforced but the nudity rules are O.o -Old men will stare at your balls
I have visited Spa Castle on 2 occasions: a Saturday in June 2011 with a group of girlfriends and this past Friday with my boyfriend. Overall, you can't beat the price for a decent spa experience. I DEFINITELY would recommend going early on a weekday (I went Friday at 11 am), then it would be a great place for a solo day off, or a chill spot for your GF/BF or even a gathering with friends. Pros: 1) Price for entry $35 for weekday; $45 for weekend; I got a fabulous 30-minute foot massage for $40 2) Organized - There is a locker for your shoes, then a locker for your clothes, everything opens with an electronic watch which also pays for food and services through the facility. 3) Things to do without additional cost - saunas (some as hot as 187 degrees, and others with ice on the wall [28 degrees]), jacuzzis, pool lounging, napping/resting areas 4) If you take public transportation, there is a shuttle service to the spa. 5) Food from burgers to sushi, and smoothies, alcohol (3 drink maximum), and bubble tea - nice selection but can be pricey (cheapest item: good sized burger and fries were $10) There are also steamed corn, corn dogs, I didn't check but imagine may be cheaper. I did find a water fountain/cooler, so you can refill your bottle 6) The place was clean, which was impressive for 4 floors.  The message jet pool had a ton of chlorine. Neutral: 1) Location - I would definitely suggest travel by car (they have street and valet parking - I've parked on the street both times) 2) Be prepared for lots of naked people in the locker room, there are same sex nude pools on the first floor 3) I wish the message jet pool was a little hotter Cons: 1) If you go late in the afternoon or on a summer day, it can get crowded especially in the pool area. 2) Because this place is huge and open to the public, people forget this is a spa not a waterpark and can ruin the zen. (Two women came in wanting to schedule massages during my massage and they were loud and intrusive, but that's not a reflection on Spa Castle, that's a reflection of the patrons.) 3) My shoe locker wouldn't close so that was a bit of a stressful predicament since I was standing there shoeless with my bag and coat, and my cell phone service didn't work (it's practically the basement) so I couldn't tell my boyfriend what was taking so long...an attendant retrieved a new watch for me but that one had a broken strap. She ended up replacing for a strap with one that was missing a closing loop. It was sufficient to stay on the whole time, but it indicated to me that there may have been A LOT of people using (and damaging) the property
This was a great experience, especially since I've never  been to a spa like this before. Everyone else's reviews of the location are pretty correct- however I will add that there are many bathrooms around everywhere and that there's a shower room located upstairs so if you want to take a shower without having to go to the naked area and stripping down, you can do so upstairs on  the 2nd floor(where the pools are). It definitely is good to come early, especially on the weekends. We arrived at 11 and it was pretty much empty for a good hour and a half while we were there, then as we went to lunch around 1:30-2, more people started to show up. The place is open from 6 in the morning, so its best to sacrifice a little sleep and get there early and then take a nap there instead. Also, it is NOT mandatory, (unlike some of the other reviews that state its mandatory) to go into the naked area. We avoided it during our stay, although many women were just running around naked without a care in the world. There is actually a sauna and a "relaxation room" in the locker room- although there are 7 other saunas upstairs. There are couches and 2 massage chairs that massaged for 10 minutes- $3. The relaxation room was about 100 degrees, so it wasn't so hot that you had to leave after like 10 minutes, but it was as warm as some new york summer days. There are also an array of items sold in the locker room- face masks, towelettes, towels, scrub pads, callus removers, disposable underwear, etc. And its all pretty decently priced. I bought 2 face masks for a dollar each (we sat in the relaxing room for a half hour waiting until they were ready.) The food, in my opinion, wasn't bad. I actually liked it. I didn't try any of the "American" food, I went with udon soup and a little bit of the buffet mix. They have good drinks, you should try the pina coladas and other slush drinks as well as the "aloe Vera" line of bottled juices esp. in peach. IT WAS AMAZINGGGG. Overall, I'm very satisfied with my experience here, and I will definitely be going back there soon.
I read the reviews prior to my first visit.  I soon realized that the odds were against me because I purchased the Living Social deal (which has added to the congestion apparently), and I went on a weekend. I planned accordingly: My boyfriend and I was there on a cloudy morning at 7:40am (last day it would be open before 8am), the Sunday after Halloween. There weren't any crowds. Upon entering, I immediately noticed how clean everything was. Cleanliness is my top concern when it comes to wet public places so I have very high standards and this place certainly met them. There was a nice selection of saunas in various temperatures. Some were roomier than others, but since I arrived early, barely anyone was there. Afterwards, we went to the indoor pool area. Once again, my boyfriend and I were the only ones on the floor, and we had such a nice time. I ate before coming in, so I can't comment on the food. No one was in the outdoor pool because it was so cold. Catching pneumonia wouldn't be relaxing. I wished that the temperature on the 3rd floor pool area was warmer overall because it was a bit chilly whenever the workers opened the outside door. Once you leave the pool area, make sure you are completely dried off so you don't drip water in the dry areas. My favorite part was the in-locker bath areas. Yes, you are required to be nude. The signs posted in the area tells you to shower before entering the bath pools, so if you go - please shower! The baths had a good selection of different temperatures and it felt so fantastic. On Sundays, there was an "event" bath which had rose water infused in it. Then I cooled off in the colder baths and it was heavenly. Once again, very clean. I was kind of surprised how comfortable I felt. The location of the place looks little sketchy, but that's because it is in an industrial area. Not a big deal, you'll be fine. Also, please don't bring your children out of respectful for everyone else. If there were children being rowdy around, that would have really negatively impacted the experience. Enjoy yourself and be clean!
Spa Castle is like Disneyworld for adults. Let me be clear, you can pay the 35 dollar admission fee and just do the things that entails and have a fantastic day. I opted to add on a massage and a mani/pedi. Don't do the mani/pedi. It's overpriced and they want to get as many people in as possible, so it's rushed. Do the massage. I got the aroma therapy massage and it was amazing. I felt like a new woman afterwards. The food is decent, I got sushi and a bubble tea. Both of which were pretty average, but fairly priced. Upstairs looked awesome with all the korean fare, but I forewent that, as my watch was tabulating quite the bill. The pools are amazing, and the saunas as well. The salt sauna was my favorite, and I swear my skin looks clearer today. Some tips: Bring a water bottle and towel and don't forget your swimsuit. To sum it up, if you want to get away from it all, spa castle is your destination.
Get ready to preview birthday suits. Drinks = Overprices. Amenities are worth it, open sauna rooms, cooling stations, heated pools. The rest will cost you pretty penny.
After much anticipation a group of us went for a motherl/daughter day of relaxtion. After a short drive from LI we were giddy with excitement as we entered the lobby. The line wasn't long at all and after receiving our watch pass we stumbled our way  ( My daughter saved me from a sure catastrophe ...Ummmmm Ma that door says Men! ...oops!) Into the lockerroom with our spa brochures in hand we again kinda  stumbled as we figured out how to open lockers, and what to do next... Our anxiety over walking around barefoot was quickly overcome by the initial shock of the nudity factor . So we sheepishly get our lil uniforms on and change into our bathing suits still kinda wondering wth we were in for. Thinking to ourselves wtf is going on in that shower room and declaring to eachother that naked part was NOT for us...so we embark on our Spa adventure. Women were blissfuly lounging watching TV on the flat screen or reading their mags while dozing off  in the brightly lit lounge area. I was  definitely ready to get a hit of whatever they were on cause everyone seemed like xtra super relaxed and I was eager to get to that state so upstairs we went...Floor one :  People milling around the open buffet getting massages in the open massage area lounging in chairs eating ok ...alright ... we look around still waiting for the relaxation bug to bite us we check out the sauna rooms map and decide that our first mission was to try and get cool and wet. After the lockeroom experience we were kinda hot and sweaty and my friends 72 yr old Jamaican Mother was starting to wonder if this kinda t'ing was for her cuz she can't be boddered wit dis sauna t'ing and naked people n all dees stairs ... I quickly started to look for someone  to point us to the nearest elevator ..what? No elevator? ...ok don't panic... I ask a staff member for a mgr to help us because  our elder Jamaican mother  with authritis was beginning to kiss her teeth and get a little testy... Brian the mgr was super sweet and escorted us to the back door behind the scene service elevator to the next floor where the pools were and told us to feel free in using them ( Add Angel Chorus here ...ahhh)  Relaxation starts ...NOW ! We had a blast milling around the Bade pool area experiencing all the jets laughing at people who unexpectedly get blasted by that superstrong head and shoulder jet . Kids frolicking in the kiddie pool families lounging in the beach chairs people laughing and drinking at the bar watching the world cup it was like a  huge backyard BBQ with overpriced tastless food you want how much for those four lil grilled shrimp? ... Drinks were blah fruit punch was kool-aid sweet but hey  you can't have it all. We came back downstairs n explored all the saunas Gold was def my fav. My daughter loved her massage Mom was still a lil lost Brian the mgr was great and helped her set up in a lounger while we explored So now we're fed, relaxed, massaged, cool from the pool, napped, and fitting in looking like the rest of the crew with our lil uniforms and placid faces...I opted to hold out on my service til the end cause I wanted to see about this scrub and massage I got my eye on in the brochure. Boy a nice shower would sure be great ! ...Can you show me where the private non public showers....are? And explain to me where I can get my scrub and massage? ...oh .... no private shower? Oh....this scrub service is in the public shower hot tub area ? ...Get ready for my service by taking a shower and a dip in the hot  tub and the sauna to,soften my skin ...eh ... WTH you only live once! By the end of the trip ALL of us were yes, naked in showers and hot tub even Mom! Who would agree we had the best time of our lives! Good thing these are all strangers I would die if I ran into anyone   ......"Hey girl...put some clothes on!" ...Huh? ...who's that ?...oh Hey girl I didn't know you knew about this place too ! Ah well when in Rome ! Pros: nice relaxing affordable getaway, close to home, decent environment Cons: a couple of strategically placed staff who speak good English to dire t you on what to do and where to go would have been nice. Service, massage was great but the language barrier ...not so much. This was the general feeling about all the staff who were all mediocre to poor in service. Over all I can't wait to go back!
I'm one of those people who laugh at inappropriate moments, like at church, so spending a day at a spa always sounded like something I wouldn't be able to handle as far as not interrupting the peace. However, I was pleasantly surprised at Spa Castle's laid back vibe, where no one tells you to be silent and where you can laugh and gossip in the outdoor wave pools without getting dirty looks. This is a great place to go with your girlfriends for an occasion. Just beware of swiping the wristband they give you that keeps track of what you buy. It's so painless to offer your wristband and get a cocktail made for you poolside...but you're in for a rude awakening upon leaving when you realize you spent way more than you intended!
So glad I went! I took my daughter for a spa day (since it's a family type spa) and she's 13. I thought it would be a nice graduation gift for her, plus we'd get to spend some quality time together and get a few massages too. Well let me tell you, today is Saturday so we paid $45 each to get in and boy was it worth it. There was an awesome (waist deep) pool with strong jet engines blowing water so hard it could pass for a massage all on its own. It actually scared me a few times :-) The many different saunas were fun, clean, tranquil and HOT! Got my blood circulating just fine and sweated out a few toxins as well. We swam together, bonded, told one another jokes and ate as much of that horrible and expensive food as we could tolerate, lol. Oh and there's a really cool ice room near the saunas. It's cold and we had to go in it. I never saw one of those before... brrrrrrr The locker area;Super cool with the watch they give you that buzzes you into your locker and also picks up the tab as you go along so you're not required to carry money or annoying keys. The watch is completely water proof and plastic so I guess there's some kind of special high tech chip inside that does all the work for you. I loved the watch and found it to be so high tech and convenient. At the end, it tallies up your purchases and you pay on the way out. Noise: Yes it was noisy, loud, busy, and sprinkled with all races, ages and sexes of folks. This is the best part and I won't complain like soooo many have done on here. What's the sense of complaining about an atmosphere that the company clearly made obvious in its advertisement? Keyword; FAMILY... Sure it felt a little like Disney world or Atlantis at times, but that's what adds to this experience. If you want a quiet, upscale, completely serene, rich experience, there are plenty of adult oriented spas for that. Just not here on a Saturday afternoon. None the less, this place is awesome, clean, attractive, real Korean style, and everyone is so friendly and warm. Massage; We enjoyed an hour long foot and hand massage in a back room overlooking the 2nd floor dining area and it was great. Great hands, professional grade massages happening here at Spa Castle. We ran out of time, and that's the only reason I didn't fork over another couple of hundred bucks for a full body massage. I recommend this place, for a single person (with an open mind), or a couple (who likes to be around families and real new yorkers) or for a family (just wanting to bond, have some fun, and get away from the crazy city for a day)...... It's a beautiful spa and you can easily spend 6 hours there if you have some cash to burn. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because I think the food could be way better. I didn't like the food at all but the pina colada was really good at the swim up bar on floor 2. Enjoy! Ciao...
I went here for the first time on Jan. 2, 2012 after a total of 8 hours of standing for the New Year Ball Drop at Time Square. The saunas almost immediately relieved my aches! And just to let you know, I'm in my 20's. I paid $45 for general admission, which is pretty cheap for all the things you get to do there. But it gets pricey once you decide to drink or eat anything. The big towels are also for rent, so it helps to save if you bring your own. The little towels are free and you can get as many as you like. At the front desk in the locker room area, you can purchase face masks, sandals, head wear etc. The spa comes with a lot of rules. No wearing any footwear (except the ones you buy from them). No outside food or drink (this is NOT strict at all, I brought my own water and no one even cared and don't be afraid of the threatening "We will check your bags if necessary" sign at the lobby. They don't do anything). Must wear uniform provided to you throughout the place (except nude only areas). Must be naked in nude only areas. It was totally awkward at first, but then you realize no one even cares to scan over your naked body so might as well join them. I took the shuttle there on 39th Union St. Be warn, the shuttle apparently has various pick up/drop off locations depending on the driver. I went to 3 different locations (provided by 3 different poorly informed spa employees over the phone) before the I managed to catch a shuttle. It drives you to the entrance of the spa. Overall, it took me about 2 or more hours to get here from Manhattan, which is insane!!! It wouldn't take this long if you actual know where the shuttle is. It also took forever for any worker to pick up the phone, very bad customer service (which is why I minus a star)!!!!!! HERE'S A TIP FOR YOU: The watch they give you is for opening lockers and paying for any services within the facility so you wouldn't have to carry a wallet around. I knew it right away cause I'm a genius, but some people did have a hard time figuring out what it was for. To open the lockers, hold the watch over the scanner on the locker and wave it around a couple of times until it works. It is also water proof and heat proof (tested it myself).
We went to Spa Castle on the weekend around 1pm (we purchased a groupon) but it seems like everyone and their grandmother was also there with a groupon. This means the line to get into Spa Castle was ridiculously long (about 35+ mins). After my boyfriend and I got in we had to go separate sections to get dressed. The locker room was huge and clean. I was expecting a private shower but there were just these open stalls surrounding a pool with jets but you have to be naked to go in there. The women's locker room also had saunas and steam rooms (obviously for women only). If you want to be amongst the menfolk (1st, 2nd and 3rd floors), you have to cover up in a spa castle t-shirt and shorts that they give you. At first I just thought they had an enormous staff because I wasn't given a shirt/shorts right away but quickly realized that wasn't the case. The first floor has a food bar, but nothing looked appealing, and a bunch of saunas/steam rooms and 1 cold room. There is also a sleeping station. Some of the rooms were super hot and some were tiny while others were more spacious, which meant you had to wait to get into some or keep moving and try back later. The second flour houses the large outdoor and indoor pools/jets as well as some unhealthy fast food options and the third floor has the restaurant / food court. There are bathrooms on every floor and lots of people old and young from every walk of life. It was a good way to spend 3 hours but I couldn't see being there much longer than that. When it came time to leave we had to wait on a huge line again because they give you bands that you can charge drinks/food/massage services, etc. instead of having to walk around with a credit card or cash. I can see how that would be convenient to patrons but since we hadn't charged anything, it was annoying to have to wait another 25 minutes to leave.
I must say, this place is amazing. Simply amazing. I never even knew something like this existed. As a result, I can't really base this review on comparisons to similar places, but I can tell you how fantastic my experience(s) were. First thing you do is trade your money ($35 for weekdays, $45 for weekends) for a fancy watch looking thing with a number on it. Next, men go one direction, and woman another, and you enter the locker rooms. First thing you do is take off your shoes (it's only polite!) and put them in a little cubbie that opens when you wave your magic watch thing in front of it. Then there's another, larger, locker for your clothing. At this point you can either stay nude and check out the segregated spa (numerous pools of different temperatures, showers, a wet and dry sauna, etc), or change into a pimp uniform and meet up with your friends of the opposite sex upstairs. If you're staying in the segregated part (my favorite), they've got everything you could ever need to spend hours relaxing. They've even got pools with the massage jets down there! They have sleeping rooms, relax rooms, things to read, stuff to watch on TV, and numerous helpful attendants to answer questions, and be friendly. If you're uncomfortable being nude, you'll forget all about that in about 5 minutes. You can even get an exfoliating body scrub or massage if you want to spend a little more money. And they charge it all to that watch thingy you're wearing. Upstairs is uniform only (unless you're in a pool, in which case you'll need a bathing suit). You can get some (i will admit, expensive) food, check out all of the amazing saunas, get a massage, and do numerous other pampering activities. Upstairs further are the unisex, bathing suit required pools. They have a massaging jet to hit every acupuncture point you can imagine. You can just relax in the warm water, move from station to station, and basically forget about the hussle and bussle of the city we live in. I've been there a few times, and I've had nothing but positive experiences, both from the staff, as well at the other spa-ers. It doesn't matter how you look, how big or small you are, or anything else. Everyone is just there to relax and have a good time, just like you, and that's that. This is definitely a place that I tell all my friends about, and I definitely reccomend people check it out. Personally, I prefer to go week days, since it's less crouded. As a result, I'm going to reccomend that all of you go on weekends :) I don't have anything to compate this to pricewise, but $35/$45 for potentially a full day relaxation and water massage is more than a good deal. I mean, I'm probably saving money by spending my day here than going anywhere else on my days off. Anyway, this place gets a killer review from me, and definitely check it out!
I have been going to Spa Castle about two years  & it's change not for the best. The fees going up next year to 40/45 $$$. That is not the problem ,but the fact more sex going on in the men's locker room/ steam room.  Has this place become another watering hole on the gay Underground Railroad . Management need to do something about this soon or nobody will go again
Too many things are not working inside and outside. I did not find toothbrushes, few razors and I should not be charged weight for the plate when I have food.  Lower the food prices and you may make more money. I went here many times and this last time was not good.
I've been twice and love it, but after my last visit, thought I'd post a bit of a warning. This place is a great experience if you go on weekdays, morning and early afternoon.  After about 4pm, it gets crowded with a very different demographic. It gets dirty, but literally and figuratively. It's basically a hookup place and I'm not prude, but watching some guy get his girlfriend off in the pool while my daughters and I are just trying to hang out is kind of disgusting.  You can tell even the employees start to hate it after a certain time. But if you can go early in the day on weekdays, I highly recommend it. And get the one hour scrub in "the naked room", as my daughters call it. It's amazing!
Had the body scrub with massage;scrub was awesome, massage not so much. I enjoyed the saunas and pools on the 1st level but unfortunately due to the rowdy crowd, we left early. A group of 10-15 young ladies in their late teens or early twenties took over and ruined the ambience. Two of the young ladies decided the open shower area was a perfect place to make out and fondle each other. A few of the others decided to take "special advantage" of the powerful jets in larger whirlpool; moaning loudly and making sexual gestures. Upon leaving we mentioned what was happening to the young ladies at the front desk and we were told, "We call Saturdays- ratchet Saturdays because of the rowdy crowd". (I wish I would have received that memo. Do apparently Saturdays are off limits, even at 6am (per staff folks come after they leave the club) and Sundays it's tons of children. I would defiantly return but mon-thurs only (I was told Friday is pretty wild as well)
How this place has more than 1 star is beyond me. This place was an absolute disaster the second we walked in. First off, they forgot to mention that on holidays you pay $10 more for general admission. Ok, so no big deal. Kinda sucks, but whatever. We paid. Now on to the disaster known as the locker room. I have never seen so much dick in my life. I understand that it's a locker room and people have to undress themselves, but these guys were literally having conversations with each other, and the staff members, as their dicks were just hanging around. I mean, seriously? Not to mention the pool in the mens locker room that is completely full of nude dudes. Maybe it was a nudist place and I just didn't see the sign or get the memo? (Almost forgot to mention being completely put to shame when I turned around and right behind me saw an 8 year boy with a penis hanging down to his ankles). That brings me to my next complaint. Why are there children allowed here? I just recently had knee surgery and had to be extra careful (maybe this wasn't the best place to go after knee surgery), but still. There was one child picking up the rocks out of the little fountain and throwing them. Almost hit my knee. Not to mention the other kid who was running around literally purposely smacking everyone that he passed. Oh, I almost forgot about the kid who dove right on top of me by jacuzzi and almost smashed my kneecap. The best part, not one parent reprimanded their child. Wonderful. Now on to what you can do. Nothing. For your $50, you get to sit in the pools and the saunas and watch little kids piss their pants and overweight c-sectioned moms flaunt their stomach rolls. No food, no snacks, beverages, am entities. Nothing. You have to pay extra for everything. $290 a person for a VIP massage. What do they do, blow you? I'd sure hope so. Now as we're leaving (we left after an hour), the line to get out is so unorganized. They just have people stand amongst each other and force themselves into a line. It was like a riot. Last but not least, having 1 guy(who spoke not a word of English) doing valet. It's not his fault, he was pretty fast. But really? 1 guy working valet on Labor Day? This place is just one giant fail. I've had more fun on the shitter.
This is a Korean "Jjim jil bang" which is basically a spa/sauna, Korean style. It's a gorgeous facility and it has multiple levels. It's relatively new in the area, and is a great way to relax and rejuvenate. Yes, it is very "Korean" but I saw quite a few non-Koreans enjoying the facility. If you go to their website you can see many photos of their pools, common areas, baths, and many other services. The entrance fee was $30 for adults and you can use the wristband they give you to open the very clean very modern lockers for your shoes and clothes, and also to keep a tab of all the additional services, food, and whatever else. It's all very hi-tech and very clean. The sauna rooms were very spacious and well-kept, and there were plenty of nice tables and chairs for eating, and lots of comfy chairs for lounging, sleeping, and watching TV. The pool areas were roomy, clean, and just enticing. The men's bath and shower area was very clean and just a pleasure to be in. They gave soap, shampoo, conditioner, razors, shaving cream, toothbrushes, toothpaste, and various grooming products. I've been to Korean bath houses or spas/saunas in LA Ktown and this definitely rivals or is just as good if not better than the ones there. Overall a good experience. I would totally bring my mom or even my non-Korean friends. They would thoroughly enjoy it.
I like the full body scrubs
Got a living social deal for this place and came with my girlfriend, my sister and her friend. I took a shuttle bus from flushing to spa castle, about a 15 minute ride. The place is located in a very enclosed urban area enclosed by many houses. Upon entrance there will be two locker rooms, one for male and the other female. There are many different relaxing facilities in spa castle, indoor & outdoor pools, a large variety of saunas, message chairs, and a sleeping area. There are also special facilities only available to each individual sex, like the showers, exclusive hot tubs and a pool. Also remember that these special facilities full nude area. I tried out the salt sauna and i'm not a big fan of saunas but this one was quiet bearable and nice, my favorite facility in spa castle is probably the ice room. The whole room is cooled down to 60 degrees and I loved it. The whole place is filled with bars and food, there is a food and fruit bar on the second floor where they serve great food, better than most restaurant I would say, that charges per pound. The third floor has a bar in a indoor pool where you can order up to 3  drinks per visitor. On the fourth floor, there is a Korean food restaurant where they serve traditional Korean food like spicy rice cakes and bibimbap. Overall I would say that I had a great experience and a relaxing yet fun time. Great place to bring friends or kids for a relaxing day with great facilities and great food.
I haven't been to a better spa then this, clean,cheap, good food, relaxing, sitting outside in the snow in a Jacuzzi wasn't bad, but it's a little funny that I have to pay to rent a towel for 3 dollars,  so if you don't want to pay,bring your own towel and bathing suite, etc...
whats not to say about this place? i went back to new york just to come here. It has a little bit of everything. The locker room was pretty standard, but the facilities they have in there are great. Such a nice bathhouse in the locker room it makes you not even want to leave to go upstairs. The sauna's are great, but the best one is the largest one they have. The pool area is ok, but it could use a much deeper pool for adults since children seem to run around a bit too often. The food is a bit over priced, but is somewhat worth it? overall.... id love to go again, but seeing the new spa castle opening up in philly, and dallas it seems that this one might be over shadowed by them.
I mean, its good for what is is.  NIce facilities, all nude yada yada.  What I didnt like was my Shiatsu massage.  Yes I asked her to massage me harder, but what I didnt like was the fact that she had me bend forward while sitting down and asked for me to try to touch my toes.  I couldnt, so she violently pushed me so hard that my whole hand went over my toes.  After that, my neck and back started to hurt.  Its been hurting 6 days after the massage.  I think i (she) pulled a muscle.
My first time here will be my last time here. Many of my friends have been here before and given the place great reviews, but I was incredibly disappointed. Honestly, I don't understand all the hype about this place. They call this spa castle, so you would assume there are manyy things to do here, but there are only about 4 things: pay for an overpriced massage/pedi/mani, swim in the crowded pool, eat their overpriced meals, or sit in the saunas. My massage cost over $100 for an hour, and it was not worth it. My masseuse started out by creeping me the hell out- first she told me I had a nice body, then turned off the lights and started humming and chanting in Korean. I was worried she was performing an exorcism of some sort on me- I guess I watch too many movies lol. Throughout the massage, I was in immense pain. Before we started, she told me to let her know if I was in any pain. Whenever I yelped or flinched and tried to speak up, my face was pushed down and she would tell me that my body was too tense. Uhm, no sht I'm tense, I'm in PAIN!!! Also, be prepared for naked people walking around because they really don't care how close they get to you. And also, you are not allowed to wear shoes in the facility. Even if you bring your own pair, they do not allow you to wear them. I'm a bit of a germaphobe, so I did not like this one bit. Also beware of wet stairs from the people who leave the pool then use the stairs.
I can NOT wait to go back! I have been to a Korean spa before and it was amazing- but then after going to Spa Castle, the other place looked like a joke! When I went it was kind of cold outside and it was late. I think that is the perfect time to go because the outdoor pool and jacuzzi were warm. Plus the stars were out so it was kind of romantic. The only thing missing was ...not sure how else to describe it... but the room with the little balls that you just kind of sink into... That was my favorite part of the last spa I went to so I think Spa Castle should seriously consider it!!
I went in with the mindset hoping to re-experience another tranquil Spa Castle day. It was...how can I say, not that? The line to get in were massive, it was like waiting for a water ride at Hurricane Harbor minus the thrill and frills. (From my experience today) after you waited on the line to check-in, there was another line for lockers because they were packed to capacity. The rest of the experience at the "castle" was like riding the 7 train on rush hour. What's up management? You sold 65,000+ deals on Living Social but you undersold to the consumers of a Spa experience. All of us are hoping to go in to de-stress and we're trusting you to give us that experience, and that was certainly not what most of us had experienced today. Please re-evaluate and bring back Spa Castle to it's original form. Tip: Wait for that Living Social hype deal to die down.
I am a fan of Korean scrubs, banyas, hammams, sauna/steam you name it.  So getting to Spa Castle was a like making a pilgrimage to Mecca for me.  Needless to say I loved it.  I didn't go into all of the sauna/steam rooms because I didn't understand all of them (for example the "Ice Cave"..uh, no thanks) but anyway the food is good, very relaxed laid back atmosphere where you can hang with your girlfriends for an afternoon.   Here's a tip for first timers - the first lockers you encounter when you enter are for shoes only.  Don't make the mistake I did of taking all of your clothes off in this section (this was very embarrassing, I was wondering why the lockers were so small) Also, try some of the Peach infused water, it's delicious. ;)
I loved: The outdoor pool, the multiple lounging areas, the cleanliness, the variety of saunas. Those all would have added up to an amazing experience, however, the place is EXTREMELY crowded. Not only that, but there was a corona promotion going on the day I went there and someone was informing the customers of this every ten minutes over the loud speaker. That was a serious downer. Furthermore, the food is awful. Its basically microwave food. I didn't have the sushi but I had some chicken and rice and it wasn't worth the money at all.
Maybe it was because I went on a Wednesday. Maybe it was because I went early in the afternoon (1-6). Maybe the planets were aligned properly. Whatever the reason, I had a FABULOUS time here. The changing areas were clean and well maintained. The bathrooms were spotless. The pool areas were a little wet (obviously), but nonetheless clean. The dining area on the second floor was nice; I had the sushi and thought it was good for a spa place. Much better than I expected. The saunas were smaller than I thought, but still very pleasant and cozy. Every single employee that I asked for assistance was helpful, nice, and efficient. I got the sea salt scrub and oh. my. goodness. My skin felt wonderful afterwords. My masseuse was skilled and knew what she was doing. Overall, I had a wonderful time, and will DEFINITELY be back.
I had never heard of Spa Castle until recently. I feel like all of my friends knew about this place but me! My boyfriend and I both being currently unemployed, we chose a weekday to make the trek out to Flushing. The spa has a free shuttle service that picks you up about a block and a half away from the last stop on the 7 train and takes you right to the front door. The weekday fee for an adult is $35 - and what a deal this is!! We were there from about 9:30am till 4pm so we totally got our money's worth. When you pay at the front desk, you're given what looks like a Swatch. It has your locker number on it and serves as an electronic key to lock and unlock your cubby. The locker room attendant gives you a "uniform" - for the ladies, this means pink shorts and an orange/pink top. No shoes. At first I was a little skeeved out at the thought of walking around barefoot, especially in the toilet areas, but I managed to get over it. I felt like (nerd alert!) an Active from the Dollhouse walking around this place, what with the bare feet, uniforms, and zen-like vibe. There are a variety of hot saunas on the main floor to choose from, ranging from about 130 degrees to 190 degrees, plus a cold sauna named "Ice Land" that's set at about 25 degrees. I am no fan of extreme temperatures and had never set foot in any sauna before, but let me tell you I really enjoyed the experience. Going from a 181 degree room into a 26 degree room feels so incredibly invigorating. One flight up is an indoor jet pool and some outdoor pools and jacuzzis with some super strong jets. The weather was nasty the day that we went, but being in the warm outdoor water in wet, cold weather felt pretty awesome. The food court was ok - there was a salad bar with fresh fruits, veggies, noodle salads, etc that costs $10/pound. You can also order fresh-made sushi, hamburgers, pizza, sandwiches, and more. There's a frozen yogurt stand, a Starbucks, a juice/smoothie bar. Salad bar food was nothing to write home about. I don't know if it's always like this during the week, but the food court was understaffed so things took longer than they should have. What's nice is that you can leave your money in your locker; you scan your wristband any time you buy something, and then pay the entire balance on your way out. You can pay extra for spa treatments like massages, facials, waxing, mani/pedi's, body scrubs, hand/foot massage. I didn't partake in any of these. One thing to note is that the hot tub/shower area inside the locker room may take some getting used to. That area is clothing-free, no bathing suits allowed. I'm not accustomed to walking around nude in front of a bunch of strangers, but everyone there was so unaffected by the scenario that I felt completely comfortable following (in my birthday) suit. All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed my first Spa Castle visit (& my first SPA visit ever!) and I definitely want to return. Minus one star for being quite the hike for anyone who doesn't live in Queens. I think I just wrote my longest Yelp review. On that note, I'm out.
This place was good overall... the aesthetics are a bit cheesy, but nice spa. Like this place, during the day when nobody is there best.
Great place to relax and have fun with your friends. I came here with a livingsocal coupon promotion during the weekends and the lines were LONG and the pools were PACKED. With that being said, I still had a great time! I recommend coming here on a weekday where they's less people. The entire place is clean. Everyone is required to walk around barefoot. Even into the rest rooms. It's not as bad as it sounds! I'm really surprised that the rest rooms are very clean on a packed weekend! However, I don't think it's worth paying the full price here. I believe its around $50. Take that money and go else where. But for $20, sure why not.
I've been here on march 8. I't was awesome  jacuzzi different kind of saunas  and massage gets .The saunas range from different intensity . After that I went to sleeping room. I spent all day and i got a lot of positive emotions with my friends. When I went home ,I slept like a baby)))
At first when this place opened it was real nice,clean and considerably have at least 4 stars but after few years of opening up they turned it commercial instead of keep it the way it was. Now it's like a ghetto ass dump with gay guys hawking at other guys in the men section and bunch of pony tailed j_* , dirty ass punks pissing and shitting in the shower sections with no class. This place use to be good now it just a dump with gay Spanish guys trying to reach over to wack off another man off inside the hot tubs that's about 40+ years of age. Disgusting!!!  This place is over price and is not a place to relax, but maybe in the off hours this place is okay when ther not many people.
Situation: Went with my companion to unwind as we were both stressing from work. This was my first spa experience and I really enjoyed it! Felt very calm and relaxed afterwards. PROS -They often have good deals online e.g. Living Social, Groupon, so make sure you check before you go--we were supposed to pay the weekend rate of $50.00/ticket but he found a deal on Living Social for $25.00, woo hoo! -They have clean facilities and many different saunas (I liked going from the very hot ones to the very cold ones and meditating in the "heated relaxing room" in the women's changing room. -They discourage PDA, and while I can see how this may be slightly frustrating for couples, it was very considerate in keeping nauseating distractions to a minimum. -Interesting tech: you wear "keys" which are basically watches that you can use to get into your locker and pay for add-ons e.g. food, bathing suit rental, etc. so that you can be hands free while you're in the spa. CONS -If you go during peak times you'll have to wait a while to get in. -It's hard to enjoy the spa when it starts getting too crowded. -If you're uncomfortable being in the nude or seeing others in the nude, stay away. Also saw some seriously hairy guys (think gorilla fur). -The food is expensive (you pay per pound and the plates are already heavy to begin with). -Massages are not included with general admission and they are pricey to add on. -They make you wear these ugly uniforms on all the floors except the outdoor pools. Make sure you bring a bathing suit (I didn't and had to rent one which was way too big for me). In a nutshell... Go if you want to try a bath-house experience and don't want to break the bank. I don't plan on going back frequently, but I'm glad that I went at least once.
ok...so i FINALLY checked this place out. I'm not a huge fan of sauna's...i feel like my mom took me to them a lot when I was younger.  The whole nudity thing really puts me off, but just to know that they had co-ed facilities w/ a uniform pushed me to come here w/ my bf. We booked a couples massage and manicure and was on our way over.   First off, there was no parking.  Granted we arrived around 3:30 on a sunday, even the valet was full!!  So we kind of had to stalk ppl on their way out.  So fine, we park and head in...at first u say wow, $45, what a deal~ doesn't see too bad!! (yea, and then add on 2 massages, mani, food, drinks = $300+ additional...so yea ~ a little over $400 for 2)  I knew my bf would be confused upon entering the locker room and sure enough he jammed his bag into the tiny shoe locker!!! (def. made me laugh)   Ok, so they give you a uniform after you wander inside...i mean...i went all the way to my big locker and had to venture out to look for this uniform.  Anyways, i changed and jumped upstairs to meet him bc I knew he would be TOTALLY lost.  So yea, as soon as I go up, I see him coming up the stairs as well, and he's still in his clothing we walked in with.  (he's obviously never been to a spa like this!!)  So i just start cracking up and tell him he needs to put the uniform on even though we're going up to the pool area. We were thoroughly impressed with the pool area.  Of course it's not like a leisure swimming pool.  There were jets and waterfalls, and wading pools.  We got a kick out of how many people fit in the pink hot tub.  Wish we got here earlier so we could lay out on the limited # of chairs there. The rest of the place is kind of lethargic.  Most of the huts (heated rooms) were too hot to stay in for long. And the ice room was just like leaky (i think the door was just being opened too much)   Food is mediocre...and the buffet part is WAY overpriced.  We got the soon-du-bu and galbi...which tasted decent.  But $15 for a few pieces of fruit downstairs?? RIP OFF CITY! damn!!!!! Now on to the "swedish massage".  My bf's shoulder is still f*ed up from the massage.  We've had massages in other spa's before and the feeling you have leaving one of those massages and the massage @ spa castle are different as night as day.  You want them to hurry bc you are either in pain, or just not enjoying or relaxing.  At the end of the massage they sit u up and like pull ur arms back.  I swear i saw her put her foot on my bf's back and pull his arms back and he was def in agonizing pain.  He says if he sees her in the street, he'd punch her in the face.  Needless to say, never again! They need to be trained on how to give massages, for the price i'm sure they can afford some classes!!! Mani was your typical mani...not a huge selection of polish. So, we'd go back, but just the basic $45 package.  The naked spa part in the locker room def. freaked me out a bit bc i'm only used to seeing naked asian women.  I guess the diversity kind of caught me off guard.  w/e not a big deal.
I had been to Spa Castle on a weekday. Was okay but not bad. I came on a Saturday. Horrible! Price is now up to 50 bucks and they are building a hotel. More kids will be coming.  I thought what people was saying was over the top. No, first I see kids running all around like it is a water park. Second, I was in the juccuzi with the tables in it. I witness a little boy jumping off the tables diving. NO adults monitor this place. He could of busted his head open. They get your money and it is a done deal. I go over to another juccuzi to relax, a grown man is picking his toe nails and throwing his nails in the water. Go to a third Juccuzi to get away from him . I'm in the water relaxing now, I look at the bubbles my friend and I we couldn't believe it! Dirt  rings forming in the water. That happens when someone is dirty in the water and the juccuzi is not properly cleaned. I didn't see anyone attending to the pools or juccuzis at all. No spray or checking the water temperature as you would see on the regular at a regular spa. Last,  I get a massage. They take me to the quiet room in the back. The staff is talking so loud in the hall you can hear them over the relaxing music. I have never experienced this at a spa. This is a ghetto spa. Exiting the place, I see four males early thirties. They were arguing with the manager refusing to pay because they were disgusted by the mold around the hot tub and peeling leather seats in the locker rooms. It was overcrowded and they weight the food on a huge plate to make your food come up to more at the register. They give you a cup smaller than a plastic cup and charge 13 for wine. Four years ago, this was a nice place. I give them that. If you are looking to relax and a peaceful place , this is not it. If you are looking for a Great Adventure type of atmosphere with hood chicks who never been to a spa to save  their life and kids running around you have arrived.  They need to change the name to Water park. They no longer serve drinks on the second floor and you can't drink in the water. People were having sex and getting drunk in the water. So sad ! Messed up a very nice place. I honestly think they need to change the name to Water Park. That is what it is ! If you say spa, people come with the intentions they are going to a spa.  So misleading and why people are constantly arguing with the manager. Anyone that tells you this place is nice , has not been to a a real spa. Trust me this is not a spa. Last Monitor your establishment instead of hiring people who do nothing. I guarantee a lawsuit will be coming their way if they keep letting kids run around and jump off tables.
I was here Labor Day weekend on a Saturday. We went early so it wasnt too bad. We got there around 8am and left about 4p. As we were leaving, there was a huge line to get to the front desk to pay and enter. Literally it was down the block. Are u serious?? Anyways, paying $50 is not worth it. Why pay that much money when you go to the pool and the equipment arent working? You're there to relax but you're stressed cuz you're trying to find a working station in the pool and most aren't working. From what ive read there's a living social deal going on and its HOLIDAY WEEKEND ... The majority, if not all, equipment should be working. Ill tell you exactly what wasnt working. Actually I have the photos. Also I got an Aroma Oil Massage. Best 1hr of my life. Soooo relaxing!! If it wasnt for the massage ... I would have gave it 2 stars.
So about two years ago, a new bathhouse was built in my neighborhood. I live in the middle of Little Seoul, and Korean bathhouses - jimjilbang - are distinctly different than Continental Club Baths, lemme tell you. There's a lot of awesomeness at Spa Castle (nyspacastle.com). First, the place is four stories tall and a city block big. First floor is divded by gender, second floor is food and saunas, third floor is mixed indoor/outdoor hot tubs that are open to both genders, and fourth floor is workout space and restaurant. There are times I never leave the first floor. First, the gender-segregated areas are HUGE. By which I mean... lockers, bathrooms, showers, seven hot tubs, 2 steam rooms and two saunas (one designated the "quiet sauna" so you can nap). Plus the vibrating massage chairs, lounge couches, and the open space traditional Korean body scrub and massage. I've been told by my male friends that their side has the same. The kicker about the hot tubs in the gender-segregated spaces is that they are places for mandatory nudity. This totally works for me. And not just because I'm rather fond of the female form. It's also fabulous because the giggly, body-conscious, slightly xenophobic females don't stay in that area longer than it takes to have a mandatory shower. Which leaves the gender-segregated spaces open to those of us who are comfortable with our bodies, open to the diversity of age, race, and body shapes of other women, and can relax. This isn't to say it's a quiet, high-rent space. Not at all. Lots of mothers with small children, particularly Korean and Chinese, come in and out of the area, especially on weekends. My friend Tom tells me it's similar on the men's side, once the young boys are old enough to want to be with daddy. But those ages rarely bother me.  Give me a happy child splashing the water over giggly shrieking teens and 20-somethings any day. I like getting the Korean body scrub. Basically, you get your entire body scrubbed with nice abrasive gloves while being given a vigorous massage. For about an hour. Thin greyish worms of dead skin get sloughed off you until you think there may be enough to build a doppleganger. Every inch of of body was tingling afterward. The mixed pools, indoor/outdoor, are places to wear your swim suit. Actually, "hot tubs." Since each of them is big enough to hold 12-20 people. Plus the Japanese pine bath. After a pleasant soak, we often eat on site (in addition to the salad and noodle buffet, there's a sushi bar, frozen yogurt, hamburgers... welcome to my borough!), and relax for a few hours before heading home. My trans colleagues do lament that the mandatory nudity in the gender-segregated spaces is frustrating. However, the equally mandatory uniforms in all other areas does equal the playing field.
I went twice during a visit to NYC to see a friend. Overall, it was a great experience. I wish Florida had one. Concerning the ever broken jets in the whirlpools....my friend was mad and asked them whey so many were broken. One of the staff (man with a silly grin the entire time he spoke) said there are many that work and that the others were "turned off" because they are expensive to repair.  Right. I will be back, though.
Likes: - Facilities (ie, indoor/outdoor pools, saunas, relaxing zones). My favorites were the salt room, ice room and foot baths. - Don't need to be nude if you don't want to be. You can just change in the bathroom and walk straight upstairs to the co-ed sections. - Free shuttle to/from Flushing. Dislikes: - Employees walking around with shoes on while customers had to walk barefoot. I'm thinking most of these shoes were only worn in the facilities, but I still saw at least a couple people who were not employees (or were not on duty) walking around wearing shoes. - Overpriced food. I only had the baked eggs which were $2 for 3. Some of the negative reviews here are over-exaggerated and are obviously from people who've never heard of or seen Korean spas/bathhouses before. Having a 'uniform' and going barefoot is standard. I went on a Sunday and it wasn't as crowded and loud as expected from the reviews here. The water jets seem to have been fixed also. I would definitely come again if they have the livingsocial or groupon deal again.
Least relaxing place on earth!!! This is not the spa day trip that you and your girlfriends have been meaning to take unless you want to  a) go to the Red Lobster of Spas b) go to a Chucky Cheese type place with naked people You can get a cheaper mani-pedi/foot massage/body massage at a nicer place in Manhattan any day of the week.  Please do not take the subway to Flushing and hang out at Spa Castle if you want to feel like a real princess.   I still have PTSD from spa castle, that's post-traumatic stress disorder, not some weird fungus I got while I was there.
what to bring: - plastic water bottle from a bodega - swim suit - sunglasses - flip flops when to go: - in the MORNING. yes, morning. you will have ALL day to hang out there. 1. get to Main St. station on LIRR or 7 train. 2. walk to Municipal Parking Lot. stay on the south side across from the bank. 3. look for a shuttle bus labeled "Spa Castle". no payment necessary. 4. check in at front desk. pay $35. 5. the wrist watch you get will be your wallet/tab for the whole day. 6. you can stay as long as you want. no one will bother you. 7. get your towels, your uniform and a water. you will be dehydrated. 8. open locker with your wrist watch. BAM! open sesame. 9. change into your swimming suit. 10. walk upstairs. 11. choose between: outdoor pool, sleeping rooms, hot sauna/stone rooms or food. - if the pool: go everywhere! start from the semi-outdoor jets or where you can swim up to the bar for smoothies. the area where you sit and the water plummets down on your head/body is my favorite! - if the sleeping room: go to sleep! - if the hot sauna/stone rooms... take in a wet towel, your bottled water and prepare to sweat it out! - if the cafeteria... try the salad bar. sometimes they have OK items, but i like to eat instant ramen bowls or snacks. ordering a MEAL here is kind of expensive and not that awesome. *note: you will use your wrist watch as payment. do not bring your wallet or pocket books upstairs, you silly goose! I RECOMMEND: pool, indoor pool, dry off in the hot saunas, take a nap in sleeping rooms and then eat a snack. 12. try NOT to be on your iPhone or Blackberry in the spa rooms. 13. go downstairs to the locker room. 14. get nekkid. yes... butt ass nekkid. 15. drop off your towels and uniform in a laundry basket near the bath house. this will freak some of you out. but YES... there will be a whole lot of NEKKID ladies (or if you're a man... then men!) in the bath house. this will make you very shy or totally liberated. in my case... I FUCKIN LOVE IT!!! 16. take a shower. use the products provided for you. this feels awesome. 17. step into the hot baths. they are all different temperatures, aromas or type of therapy. 18. step into the cold bath or under the cold water shower. you will squeal from the shock! 19. go back into the hot baths... coyly look at other women's bodies and just relax. 20. the jet streams are niiiiiiiiiiiiiice. do it. see? it's nice. 21. get a body scrub if your want. those ladies are gangsta and will do a good job. expensive, though. 22. you can buy your own exfoliator pad from where you got your uniform from earlier. 23. take another shower. feels good, huh? 24. get clothed, get your swim suit in the plastic bad provided for you, chill at the comfy couches for a breather and then... check out! 25. give the front desk your wrist watch. pay your bill. 26. there will be a shuttle every 30 mins. catch it back to the same lot. 27. how was it? hope you liked it! =D i hope this review has helped someone. heheh.
Don't go to spa castle until the living social deal is over for the summer! Usually it's a very peaceful, relaxing, clean space that feels luxurious. Last night my boyfriend and I were very disappointed to show up to dirty locker rooms (stray hair everywhere! Wet towels everywhere!) and pools so packed that there wasn't room for us. When we did get in, it was like being in grand central in waist deep water. I won't be back until the crowds die down.
A group of girlfriends and I came here for the day to celebrate a birthday. Right off the bat i will tell you to come with money. If you are poor like me, you might want to collect cans for a month just so you can have a decent experience. i got a ride there but i hear there is shuttle service from Flushing Queens. When i checked in i was given a "wrist watch" of sorts that was to be my key slash credit card for the time at the spa. You are sent to your respective locker rooms. If being naked makes you uncomfortable or seeing other people naked makes you uncomfortable, you'd better have a drink before you get here. i have no problems with being naked but the sight of women walking around all tits and bush made me unsure of where to avert my eyes... and Im a heterosexual woman. I changed into my Spa Castle assigned attire and hit the outdoor pool areas and worked my way from the top to the bottom. Its essentially an outdoor water park. There were lots of children there... which kind of irritated me since i was spending a lot of money to RELAX. I left the outdoor hot tub when the kids started splashing and diving in. I ended up in a pool with a bar... hello! I ordered a drink with alcohol and spent a whopping $15 on a drink that was overly sweet and not strong enough. FUCK. the saunas were kinda awesome. After an hour  of sauna hopping (alternating from the ice room to the hot room) my group was hungry and we hit the cafeteria. $20 later and 5 pieces of sushi i hit the bottom level of the locker room for the "naked" room. Its a room full of jacuzzis and everyone in this area is naked. After a few moments of shyness i got comfortable and started relaxing. then a woman and her 3 naked sons got in the hot tub. I can totally understand that this is something that they do as a family but it made me really uncomfortable. If Spa castle had a NO KIDS day or certain days for FAMILIES i would totally go back... but if im shelling out $100 (yes i spent that much) for spa ammenities and NO FACIALS or MASSAGES included I would like to feel comfortable and relaxed. only, i left soggy and broke. I cant be totally negative as i did enjoy some of the elements and the decor but the children and prices really killed the experience for me.
Jimjilbangs are a dime a dozen in the motherland.   A social, cultural rite of passage in a country made up of people ridiculously obsessed with their appearance and the tautness factor and shade of their skin (e.g. porcelain, whole milk, 2%, skim, yakult, buttercream, etc.), these twenty-four hour hot rooms and public bath houses are where men and women alike come to meet, greet and sweat away age over a few hard boiled eggs, and sometimes even save a night's worth of hotel tariff (linens not included).  One's first experience can be either exhilarating or traumatizing.  While all guests are required to wear oversized unisex club uniforms in the hot rooms, it was in the mogyoktangs (bath houses) I learned early on that I was quite possibly the fattest young lady in South Korea.  At the tender age of 12, I was mortified.  Ten years later, I had grown to embrace it.  Let it all hang out and love yourself.  Show's over people, I'm just here to scrub.   It was in Korea I grew accustomed to a backdrop comprised of Korean Stepford wives, so to speak--perfect bodies, perfect noses--so the day I set foot at Spa Castle in Queens turned out not to be nostalgia for the homeland but a bizarre glimpse of fat life on the AXIOM Starship: i69.photobucket.com/albu…   Spa Castle is supposed to be 60,000 square feet of "a perfect combination of traditional Asian sounds and luxurious European spas."  Huh?  "What ever is that supposed mean and what are Asian sounds exactly," I thought to myself as I soaked in a 104 degree bath.  I felt conflicted by the starkly different vibe from that of traditional facilities in Korea.  Despite appearances, this was strangely more like a white-collar prison camp.  You have no identity--only your locker number printed on a chip strapped to your wrist which lends itself to being silently charged for every incremental service.   Would you like a tampon?  Please swipe your wrist chip.  Beep.  Towel?  Beep.  Kimbap?  Beep.  Six-dollar single banana + milk "smoothie"?  Hard boiled eggs?  Fitness room and treadmill use?  Beep.  Beep.  Beep.  And before you know it, you've spent $40 in excess of the $45 you just paid to enter.  And that's not including special massage or spa services.  Kill joy.  But it's New York!  Indeed.  And in a city where miles and miles of concrete is king, that man-made touch sensor TURBO waterfall station might just be money well spent.  (Please hold on to your string bikinis.  You have been warned.) Constructive comments to consider a)       Crusty bare feet should not be permitted to rest on tables you eat off of; b)       They call it Korean food, but it doesn't taste like Korean food; c)       Are we in agreement that restrooms should be stocked with toilet paper?; and d)       Please read up on sauna etiquette before you go: 1.       Shampoo and shower before you enter the tubs 2.       Keep your hair wrapped in a towel or tied up 3.       Do not exfoliate in the tubs 4.       Always prep your seat (i.e., the stool, a lounge chair, in the steam/ice rooms) with a towel because you never know if the person before you didn't (ew).
This was my second time to Spa Castle, first time was a summer Sunday afternoon that was filled with screaming kids running around that I didn't really want to go through again. This time I came because I had discount coupons on a Friday night so I thought would give it another chance being a week night. Over all the facilities is pretty good, everything was working as expected. It was bit more crowded than I like and it wasn't until after 9ish that I start feeling like I was getting the relaxing spa experience. So for those that never been to a Korean spa its divided into dry and wet areas, where you would shower and bath first before going into the wet area pools and sauna then afterwards would visit dry area wearing uniform they provide. Inside the dry area there are the hot sauna hots which each one has its own theme which is very interesting. I especially like the LED room as you have the option of changing the background color. I suppose some of the novelty worn off on my second visit that I felt that compare to Spa King over here in NJ Spa Castle didn't really have much more to offer to warrant the higher admission price. The outdoor area is definitely a plus if its not too crowded and rowdy but I find that unlikely now since even at 10pm it was still pretty busy and noisy.   Plus they're not open 24 hours. The outdoor pools closes at 11 but when I was there they were already getting people out by 10:45. Even the wet area were shutting down by 11:30. So I guess when they meant they close at midnight they really meant everyone would be out of the building by 12AM. If I were to come again would definitely have to be an earlier morning to take better advantage of the services. The food price is about the same as restaurant prices and portion is generous. However I find quality pretty mediocre. Given the crowds and distance I would be unlikely return again as I do feel Spa King is a better alternative. Given the weekend price is now $50 if you were going during busy hours I would give this place two stars to be honest.
Spa castle has been a complete surprise.   First of all, it's in the boonies of Queens and you have to either take a cab or bus to get there.  It does have a free bus service from a Flushing parking lot on a regular basis, but it's basically a tiny van that has only room for a handful of people.  The spa itself is in a giant multi-floored building, with most of the outdoor aquatics on the roof.  It's basically this huge complex in the middle of your typical residential neighborhood with small single family homes in Queens. Second of all, it's pretty awesome in its selection of food choices, because they have several different kinds of restaurants, food stands, and stacks.  They have every possible style of asian food, seafood, alcohol bar, and they even have a delicious frozen yogurt stand.  So, you can't possibly go hungry in there.  However, I do notice that their drinks are a bit overpriced, but they do have water fountains there. Third of all, it's surprisingly clean.  When you go in, they immediately tell you to take your shoes off and give you a "uniform" to wear.  Men have one color and women wear another...just in case you get easily confused by the sexes. What's amazing is that last time we went, there was this group of Orthodox Jews...those who never wear anything but black coats, no matter what temperature it is outside.  Well, guess what?  Not at Spa castle!  They wore the uniform and they wore it proudly while enjoying the spa, just like everyone else.   Since everyone at Spa Castle walks around barefooted, they make sure that the floor is obsessively clean and they have people walking around cleaning everything.  I would not recommend any of the massages, because I think you can get better professional massages elsewhere.  Ironically, this is a spa where you should go and try everything except for the massages.   The best part about this place are the hot outdoor pools, which are the most fun in the dead of winter time when everything is cold.  If you go in the summer time, it can be a bit too hot.  They also have these whirlpool jets that shoot out at every angle against your body.  On the weekends, this place gets really crowded and has a lot of neighborhood kids, who are a bit obnoxious...but if you go on a weekday, it's usually quiet and relaxing.   The worst part about this place...and trust me, it's pretty bad,...is the mens' nude bath.  I'm not sure how it is on the women's side, but on the men's side, if you would like to shower in the locker room, you have to do so in the nude bath part...where these old, fat men with tiny wieners sit around on bare, but sometimes hairy, asses with legs spread.  It's a bit uncomfortable I have to say.  I would give it a four star if they installed private shower stalls.  The other bad thing is that because it is a spa and because it has water pools nearby, the floor throughout is really slippery.  The last time I was there, I slipped and fractured my arm...which really kinda killed the entire experience. However, despite the weird naked people, and the occasional fractured arm, this is still a decent place...for Queens at least, if you happen to be stuck there for a day and wonder what to do.
Having been here a few times what can I say.  Being yhere makes me feel like I'm on vacay for a day.   It's very relaxing and well worth it.  I must sau do not attempt to go on a weekend or holiday for it is mobed with people and a nightmare.  Beware of extra services for they indeed add up.
My friend and I decided to treat ourselves with a day of pampering at the spa. After a short online search  we came across castle spa and were amazed by all the pictures and reviews, so we decided to make castle our destination. Our trip begun at 11:00am we took a train from Brooklyn to queens and were suppose to be picked up by a free shuttle that the spa provides. Not only did shuttle showed up late it was packed with people in no time and the rest, including us were told to wait for another one. After waitting for 20 min. We took a cab:) since it was a long 3 hour trip we could wait to get there! Upon arriving we were disappointed to find a huge line of people and were told that there were no more ladies lockers left and we had to wait anywhere from 40+min.  Thankfully we were running late for our massages which were scheduled for 2pm, and after paying $90 for entrance they let up in shortly, we were given worn down uniforms which were bright orange color it felt like we were in a correctional facility:) lol   I told a lady at the lockers that it was our first time there hoping she can give us a tour but she didn't even understand English. So we when wondering around to find massage rooms.   Our massage was fast! Painful and so not relaxing! Our Asian masseuses kept talking to each other  and so apparently rushing us out the doors. The rest of the day was a mess overcrowded saunas were people talked out loud, a line to get a spot at the hot tub, crazy screaming kids that splash water everywhere! And the worse of all was the lack of towels and cool water in hot tubs and pools which is suppose to heated to 109* specially because the door to the outdoor deck had a huge gap in it letting in plenty of freezing cold air. After all we had to pay $395 by the end of our stay in addition to $90 we payed to get in, so my opinion about spa castle its NOT worth it! They add all the gratuity without telling or asking you, I mean for everything snacks and smoothies, all you do is give your locker # and then surprise! There goes the bill! This place might had a great concept but they desperately need a better management, and less overcrowding.
Guys, ask yourself this question. How do you feel about full frontal male nudity? You cannot use the pools or showers in the male locker room unless you are completely nude. You can bring your own towel or use one or more of the washcloth sized towels they provide you. Overall, it's just a weird scene...guys sitting cheek to cheek in the steam room while they stared in my direction and the gigantic green bath towel that I was wearing like a burka. Look, I understand that everyone is naked but it's uncomfortbale when you're taking a shower and could swear that some dude is looking you through the reflection in the glass....twice. The food and drinks can be a ripoff. The Hinoki and Bade Pools (in the outside unisex area) are very relaxing. The Ice Sauna is a very interesting experience, although some schmuck was on his laptop in there claiming that the salt increases the efficiency of the electrons or some bullshit...whatever, I stopped listening. Definetly a place everyone should experience once...if not for the spa, for a sociology experiment. $35 gets you in, you get a wristband that serves as you currency, you run up a tab and pay when you leave. You could easily spend $200+ with all the different services they offer.
Nice place to relax!!! Massage, non fat food, hot water pool on roof, WIFI....super day off
2.5 stars. Details that you really want to see. You can park on the street about a block away and just walk instead of valet parking. $40 for Weekdays $50 for Weekends You must wear their Spa Castle gear.  Guys - go up a size.  Ladies - your sizes are normal. Full use of the pools.  Go really early (when they open at 6) or really late (after 9).  Most of the pools are outside so go on a night when it is 60 degrees or so.  Alcoholic beverages are $10-$14 and you pay with your wristband so keep track of your purchases.   Don't be intimidated by the Sauna.  Go in and relax for a few minutes.  Your body will adjust.  This includes the cold one.  Its only 54 degrees...like every morning in the spring. The indoor pools have stagnant water until the jets get turned on.  Then beautiful foam turns nice and dirty brown like that ring around the tub.  Stay away from the indoor pools.  If you don't see it, you won't think about it.  The outdoor pools have constant moving water so you don't see it.  NEWS FLASH! All public pools have dirty people in them.  Get over it. The massages and pampering add-ons are slightly over priced but they are catering to people that don't usually visit a traditional spa and may not know any better. Eat before you come here.  Or go to dinner afterwards.  Nothing special on the menu here and you can get better food outside. Overall, worth a visit.  Can be very relaxing as long as you are not here on Mother's day (a MAD HOUSE) or a super hot Saturday afternoon (full of kids).
I used to live in NYC, and still travel there multiple times a year. Whenever I do, I make a point of visiting Spa Castle. This is most likely my favorite place in the entire world--seriously. It's like going on a cruise for the day ... in the middle of Queens. I never feel as relaxed as when I step out of the door after a long day of lounging around in the various pools and saunas. This is the ideal place to take a few friends and just hang out--have lunch, read a book (there's also Wi-Fi in the lounge), drink a few beers, take a nap. Whatever. I have a few minor criticisms, but all in all, they are not worth bringing up. Spa Castle rocks. TIP: Finding the shuttle from the Flushing stop on the 7 is extremely tricky! (Nearly impossible.) Just take the Q20 (there are directions on the Spa Castle website) and use your smart phone to navigate to the facility, then take the shuttle back.
I have been here multiple times. Although I never spend my time downstairs where there are plenty of naked women. I love the environment upstairs. It's a huge area. Lots of big pools and an eating area
I went to Spa Castle the first time the day after running the NYC marathon.  My mom got me a gift certificate and a "You earned it!" gift. When you get there they separate you by gender with men going into one locker room and women into another. There you have to change into the spa uniform which consists of loose elastic waisted shorts and a cotton shirt that reminds me of ER scrubs.  They have lockers for you to put away you valuables and the clothes you came in with. In the extended part of the locker room they have a room with six hot tubs of various temps ranging from hit bath to boiled lobster. This is also the room where they have showers, mirrors to shave and groom as well as massage tables to get a Korean style body scrub. Be forewarned you HAVE to be naked to enter this part so if you're a prude, avoid it. If you know how to be an adult and don't have to stare, enjoy. Upstairs they have 8 saunas, and a food court area.  The saunas are great, just don't get over zealous and try and stay in there too long.  They do have water coolers in the locker rooms with water.  The food court is pricey and the food is just ok.  I stuck to smoothies and bubble tea while I was there as I had every intention of going to Flushing for food after, where I know the food is cheaper and waaaay better. On the roof they have heated outdoor pools, with various jets and waterfalls.  When the weather is nice, it's a perfect place to be.  Even if it's cold, you can still suck it up, because the water is so nice and warm. There is a mezzanine section where they have a darkened room with lazy boy chairs and small personal TVs attached, they call it the nap room. You can also have couples or single massages, facials, body scrubs and all the other spa activities you cam think of.  Admission is $40 on weekdays and $50 on weekends and you can stay as long as you want indulging in the saunas, pools, and hot tubs.  The treatments, as well as food and drink is extra.  Did I mention they have 3 bars on premises? Yea so drinkin a hurricane in the hot tub was my way of celebrating running 26.2 miles. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because the weekends are very crowded and it's a lot of families.  So there will be kids all over the place. Sometimes they are well behaved but many times they are not. So keep this in mind when planning a trip.  They are also open until 2am during the spring, summer and fall.  If you go later, you'll miss the kids and old folks. Otherwise if you want to find a peaceful oasis in the brutal concrete jungle you can do no better.
There is no doubt that Spa Castle is commercialized and caters more to families and children. However, I have seen a diverse clientele ranging from extended families enjoying time together to bachelorette parties to grandmas catching up on old times. Note that the groups I've listed are that: groups. This is not a place if you want "me" or "alone" time. On that note: If you sincerely hate children, then don't go here. It's as simple as that. Also: If you don't like the stark nakedness in the shower area, then go to a non-shower spa and shut up. It's not the joint's fault you've got issues with nekkidness. Smh. And: If you don't like the use of the so-called prison uniforms, suck it up and deal with it. Sure, we look frumpy, but it's not as if you're at Spa Castle to snag a new fella (Or are you?). I'm not a big fan either, but if this is what prevents you from coming back, more power to you. Now I'm done with my hateration, on to the good stuff! It's not everyday I get to touch large quantities of gold, jade, loess, freeze myself and heat myself in a span of an hour. It's not even so much going there, but hanging out with the ones you love that make it such a memorable experience. An added bonus is the swimming pool and hot tubs, both inside and on the roof. They have some shallow ones, some deeper ones. The outdoor pools have jet streams that really give your muscles some assurance. Highlight: Imagine chilling in a hot tub on the roof while snow is falling. Others may shudder, but that was probably one of the best experiences I've had. When I went there a second time when the temperature outside was more mild, the water temperature was only lukewarm, so beware of the temperature change. As others have stated: food is available. Avoid the buffet at all costs, and order from the booths. They tab everything, and yes, it's overpriced, but hey, I'll take what I get when I'm hungry. It doesn't hurt that the hamburgers, Korean food, and sushi are made as you order and thus, are actually decent. For those that live in Flushing, getting to Spa Castle has never been easier with the shuttle van that runs every 15 minutes. Those who get off at the Main Street-Flushing stop on the 7 can utilize this service as well. For those that can afford higher prices and more exclusive deals in the city or overseas for spas and saunas, by all means, go. But for those who want to enjoy a day with friends or family without leaving the five boroughs or the tri-state area: go. This is not a place I would go all the time for the sheer fear of losing its novelty, but every time I've gone I really enjoyed myself. Plus, my skin looked all baby-smooth and glowing. Couple radiant glows and happy attitudes, and you've got a day.
If u have not been to Spa Castle yet, U NEED to go to!!! I'm telling u it's freakin heaven there. This was my experience:        I took my boyfriend here as a surprise for his 20th birthday. We arrived around 7-ish. The trip there wasn't bad at all, since we were coming from the Bronx all we had to do was jump on the Q44 to 14th Ave, which is the second stop after you get off the bridge, and then transfer to the Q20B at that location. Little did we know the Q20B wasn't running on Saturday night, so we just walked the rest of the way there. Not a bad walk at all, maybe 15 minutes tops. The night was crisp and magical with the moon glowing. While holding hands and talking on our way there, we saw a BEAUTIFUL view of the Whitestone Bridge (it was nighttime, so it was all lit up). It was enticing.  When we finally arrived, we saw that the building was big and built very nicely on the outside & in. It was like a tranquil, Asian theme. We approached the front desk where a friendly Asian woman greeted us and explained that if we were going to purchase alcohol during our stay that we needed to show I.D. then and there. Since we're both under 21 that wasn't the case. But our total came to $90 on the dot and we were given a plastic watch with a unique code that was linked to our account, which could be used to open our specific locker and purchase food/drinks. After we paid, we went off to our separate gender locker rooms to change into the uniform provided (pink & white t-shirts and shorts that say "Spa Castle" on them; very comfortable). There was a separate locker for your shoes, and then a bigger one for your coat, clothes and other belongings. The locker room was huge and very clean. But the only thing that freaked me out at first was the nakedness....everywhere. I understand its a spa, so women are bound to be walking around nude or with bikinis on, but I saw a lot of saggy tits and bushes lol. After a little while I was comfortable and changed in front of everyone too. Nobody was paying attention to one another. So after that me and my boyfriend met back up on the first floor, where there were little shops to buy fresh food like fruit, pasta, sushi & more. Even a smoothie bar. Also on the first floor there were saunas of different themes. The first one we went into was the Salt Sauna. It's basically a big HOT room where you lay on the floor and steam out your pores. It was SCORCHING in there but it felt great. There was a smell of a certain salt in the air which was very calming. We stayed in there for 20 minutes or so and then went onto the outdoor pools, which were a floor above. These were my FAVORITE in the entire place. There are 2 huge pools with another sauna in between them. Inside the pools you will find little seating areas with their own separate jet streams where you sit and get a water massage on your back and shoulders. AWESOME. It was nice to have our intimacy there, it was very romantic with the stars out and perfect view of the Whitestone from the roof as well. There are also jacuzzis on either side, the one that we got in the water was green (purposely, not because it was dirty lol) and about 110 or so degrees. And there was an area with warm shallow water where you just lay down and let the bubbling of the jet streams carry you throughout. And then we checked out this area with little stools where you sit down, push a button and a heavy waterfall showers down on you, which was also a great massage. After spending a lot of time there we went back inside and got something to eat, which I love the way they set it up to pay with your watch. You don't have to carry around your wallet. You pay for everything at the end when you're leaving. The food was great. It was like a mini buffet where you walk around piling whatever you want onto your plate and weighing it by pound for your total. But it was a bitch paying $20 per plate! And $3 for a normal-size Vitamin Water...After eating we went back into the pools. That was the best part in our opinion. After that we checked out the other saunas and even noticed there's a gym there too. And even nap areas and places to just lounge. The only thing that turned me off was at about 10:00 some security guy came outside and told everyone in the pools that time was up & we had to leave. He was so nasty.....probably just bitter and jealous that he didn't have the privilege we did. But my advice to you is bring your own bathing suit & towel and go with someone you feel 100% comfortable with. Don't worry about everyone else and what they're doing. Don't worry about the stresses in your life while your here, leave your phone in your purse in your locker and focus on yourself and your partner, explore as much as you can, relax and have fun doing EVERYTHING. My blood pressure must have went down like 100 points because I felt AMAZING afterwards. It was so sad to leave. I'm going back as soon as I'm able to afford it again. Heaven on Earth is an understatement !.!
Came here yesterday for my best friends birthday. Never Ever Again!!!!  I wish I could have taken a shower in bleach when I left this place. I think SPA I think relaxing, tranquil, quiet, peaceful......yeah not at all, none of it. Lets start off the price....$50 bucks to sit in a dirty bath tub.  Awesome totally worth it. Next- I cant wear my flip flops, no shoes what so ever.  Bare foot or purchase their flop flops.  You get to walk all through their establishment and dirty floors and pools with no shoes.  Shoes go in one locker then you have to go to another locker for your clothes.  No one instructs you on any of this by the way. Your prison jump suit.  I felt like I was in a cult.  How am I suppose to know if these clothes were even clean??  And I'm sorry one size fits all doesn't fit all. Bartenders are non existent and just plain slow and bad.  Started at one bar, 20 minutes to make our drinks and no one else was getting drinks.  We go back for another $12.00 drink and she is gone, had to hike up 2 floors and there she is.  Wait again for drinks.  Just un-bar-educated bartenders that were slow as can be. Kids running around screaming and unattended.  Sitting in the ice sauna trying to escape the lunacy and an 8 year old little girl is in there throwing snow balls at me. Her parents left her in there and just walked away.  Awesome!! Food options stunk in my opinion, didn't even bother trying them. Naked people with no shame in the locker rooms.  And I mean zeroooooooo shame. To conclude the day a huge fight in the locker room and the cops had to be called.  Seriously its a spa???  Full blown cat fight with cops called.  And that wasn't the only physical fight we saw while at spa castle I will never come here again.  I showered and scrubbed myself down as soon as I got home.  Waste of money, if it wasn't for my friends birthday this would have been a horrid disgusting day. Good concept and idea.....but horrible execution.  You have millions of rules for the wrong things.
Were my expectations met with Spa Castle? Clean? Yes. This was definitely in the top of my list of things to look out for about a mega sized day spa that can accommodate over a thousand people. I saw some reviewers comment about hair on the floor, but I saw staff with Swiffers swooping in all day long. No big. Good service? Yes! The staff were always polite, and quite attentive too, even to correct me when I swiped the sauce bottles off the counter to bring back to my table -___- I went there the week of  my spring break, so it was quite crowded with a good mix of adults and families. However, my friend and I got to try everything we wanted anyway, even if there was a bit of a wait- in EVERY area we ALWAYS found something to do while waiting (and I just used two definite words.) The saunas were great, and my favorite was the salt room. Yes, there was a bit of door opening often, but remember- a thousand people. What're you gonna do. The pools were nice too, though we really preferred the indoor ones. Both the indoor and outdoor waters were set at comfy temps, and my favorite thing was the waterfall- I felt like I was in a martial arts training montage!... when in reality I was sitting on a stone under a faucet in Queens. But let's imagine a little. :) THE reason why I was so down to come here was to try the famed/infamous Korean body scrub. You have to set up an appointment, but even midday we only waited an hour, and got something to eat in the meantime (try the bibimbap on the top floor :3 ). My scrublady was Kim, and she got right down to business sloughing off my dead and grey (we're grey?) cells as I lied on the table. It wasn't a painful process, and it's definitely worth the result of feeling brand new, but not raw. At the end, we exchanged thank yous and she seemed quite friendly :) Would I go back? YUPPP.
I had the opportunity of visiting Spa Castle last week with my brother and since some of the reviews suggested going in a weekday we decided so and had an incredible experience.  Clean, not so crowded, good prices, food was good and the body scrub was AWESOME.  Still I would have expected a more service oriented culture from the employees especially explaining to us how to navigate the place. As you have probably read you need to be fully naked in the same gender bath premises.  If you are not used to hang out naked in front of a crowd the first five minutes will be kind of awkward, but since everyone is naked you will get used to it and employees enforce this.  For instance, I saw two or three guys entering the area with shorts only to be followed by one of the employees to explain in simple English "naked or out" (the guy was a Korean).  So if you want to stay in the same gender bath area you need to be naked, forget about any unnecessary shyness and enjoy the different temperature pools.  There's an open area in the bath in where you can enjoy a body scrub --- yes, you will continue to be naked, but the scrub it's worth the effort.  After 30 seconds you will relax and enjoy the rest of the experience forgetting about being naked there.   I was worried about the cleanliness of the place (you need to be barefoot), but they made an effort to maintain all floors, saunas & pools very clean.  I can tell you that Spa Castle is worth the try and for $35 bucks (entrance fee) you can have relax time.  And for the ones worried about the nudity issue just go with someone you feel secure with, like I said I went with my brother, and just enjoy the ride.  Definitely I would return any time soon. They don't take American Express.
This place fell off. Oh BRING YOUR OWN TOWELS! My low rating is for just only comparing to the spa castle that I remembered from four years ago when I use to go a lot. I came on a Tuesday, and for the first time on my life I had to wait on a long line just to enter spa castle, damn living social. Minus a star because the previous recent two visit I did this year was packed full of ratchet people and annoying crying kids who are so noisy that it takes away from the peaceful environment it use to be.. sure it's not there fault what crowd comes in now but they sure should atleast work on making just specifically a no kids zone like the aqua bar lounge. Minus another star because one time that aqua bar lounge was closed, then the Tuesday I went the aqua bar service was a little slow.. The cup size downgraded, but I guess because it's better hygiene that it's in a closed plastic cup now.. thumbs down that they only limit you with 3 drinks. Seriously 3 for people who actually spends the whole day there? Wack. Minus another star for taking out all the little tv's in the relaxing lounge at the mezzanine floor and the feet masseuse that use to walk around in that room to pamper you for a bit, the white sofa beds they use to have on the 3rd floor at the Korean restaurant for you to lay back, relax and eat.. Oh and changing the napping floor near the saunas from choosing your option with cool or heated floor. Yes I miss the old spa castle that I use to love coming a lot to four years ago. Would I still come here? Yes, ONLY when I get it at a cheap deal such as when living social post it for $20 for weekdays/$25 for weekends or when my friend had paper tickets to sell to me for cheap. I'd still come just to tan, use the pools, aqua jets, nap, and all the different saunas they all in one day which I love the idea of it especially their saunas. Spa castle stop taking away all the little comfort things that use to make this feel more splendid!
I went to Inspa World yesterday, and I must say, I was impressed. I have been to King Spa and Star Spa in Palisades Park, and I like them both for different reasons. Inspa beats both, because of the additions of the outdoor Bade Spa, and the number of restaurants it has. It is also brand new and immaculately clean. Here's how it works: I drove there, as I live in the Bronx, and it is right off the Whitestone, fairly easy to get to. No parking on the street, but there is free valet parking. You check in, pay the $30 entrance fee (which when i went included the outdoor pools as well), and enter the locker rooms. The main level is where the wet spa is-- it is separated by sex, and it is nude only (in fact, there's a big sign that warns you 'No Bathing Suits!'). There are a gazillion showers, of both the Asian-style sit down, and the American-style stand up varieties. You MUST shower before going into the pools, first when you arrive, and then anytime after using the sauna or steam room. The variety of the baths is what really sets Inspa World apart. They have a hot tub, three warm tubs, a cool tub, and a cold plunge just like King Sauna, but the bath with the different seats and massage jet options was just incredible. I had to try them all. There is also a dry sauna and a wet sauna (not too much steam, so I'm calling it a wet sauna). I asked for a body scrub, and as I was one of the few non-Koreans there, the staff were very happy that I was being so adventurous, and a couple of them said things along the lines of "It's good!" or "Alright!" The scrub was thorough, and takes place in a semi open area of the wet spa. I later saw a Korean gentleman getting his pubic hair shaved by the attendant, but this was clearly a service that was requested "off the menu". All other areas of the spa are co-ed, and you have to wear the provided uniforms (sizes run small!). The mezzanine holds the specialty saunas, the second floor the Bade Spa-- which is open year round, and is outdoors. You can apparently rent bathing suits, but I didn't try the outdoor sauna, and there were only three rowdy kids in the water while I was there. A few of the restaurants are on this level-- Italian, snack bar type thing, and sushi, as well as a swim up, indoor aqua bar. The third floor has the gym, and a Korean restaurant, where I ate. None of the dish names are in English (although the descriptions are) , so I'm not sure how you would order something if you didn't know it by name. I ordered the Bulgogi, which was quite good. Everything is charged to your plastic wristband, which also unlocks your locker-- quite a good system, and much better than a key system, as keys tend to be an annoyance in a spa. This is definitely worth a visit. it is very family oriented, so I'd be prepared for that. I will definitely be back!
I must have gone there on a great day. Tuesday I was there from 3-8pm. I RELAXED. At around 3 there were a couple of people there with their friends, some were very noisy. As the hours passed, everyone was knocked out in the sleeping and relax areas. Whatever children were there left. It was very quiet and nice. You could totally go there and get your quiet time.... just consider the day and time you are going there. 1. There is valet parking, It's free - but tip. There is also a bus that comes and goes to the place from the Flushing Parking lot and a market place. The buses appear to come and go every 45 mins. The spa is open from 6am-12am. Reading the signs, it appears as if they actually start closing at 11:30pm. The last bus leaves at 12:15am. 2. The staff is multilingual. I had no problem with communication. On the day I went, I only took advantage of all the facilities offered to me at $35. There are big signs everywhere telling you where everything is. Upon entrance you will pay the admission fee. You will then receive a waterproof wrist band, which has a number on it. This number wristband will act as your key for opening up your locker and your credit card. You will then proceed to the lockers, a few steps into your locker you will see the shoe placement room, you lock up your shoes in the locker of your designated number. You will then pick up your toothbrush and uniform (girls have an orange top and pink shorts in the guys locker room you will pick up yours I assume. Guy uniforms are grey top and blue long shorts).You will then go to your clothing/personal belongings locker, change and put your stuff away. 3. The floor of the lockers have a separate room, it's very big and that is where you go in nude.  Totally avoidable. I took advantage of that room. There are several pools with different temps and jets. There are also two sauna rooms, public scrubbing area off to the side, two rooms of showers, an open shower area and a sit down wash area. Just in case any girls are wondering..... it appears as if no one shaves and no one is staring at you... lol Outside of that nude room, all the way at the end of the locker rooms there is the private scrubbing area. They have two saunas, relax room, massage chairs and the stairs leading to the 1st Floor. 2. The 1st floor is a big area. The massage and aesthetic spa is located to the right. It's called "Lavender". Did not go inside, but it looks beautiful. The 1st floor has a cafe like feel to it, there is a restaurant serving "Americanized" food and they sell starbucks coffee as well. It's kinda pricey, for example - the cheese steak combo was like $10. There is also a jucie bar and an ice cream area. Everything seemed to be like $10, I will chomp on something next time I go. They have massage chairs, they costs $3 for 10 mins. Close to the sauna area there is a sleeping area... which is basically a wooden floor with some kind of wooden headrest. There are a total of 7 saunas. The biggest one is the loess sauna, which seemed to be the hottest. The saunas are all themed and beautiful. There are small clocks by the doors so that you can manage time if needed and before entering the temperature is displayed. 3. Floor 1F. There are two rooms. On one side there is an area to get a foot and hand massage. The other area is a dark room with leather recliners. Each recliner has a TV. What kinda sucks is that you cannot connect your TV to personal headphones, so you kinda hear everyone's TV.  Although, most people in that area were asleep, my Tv was the only one one. 4. The 2nd Floor is the water area. They have a vast variety of out door pools. Two huge ones and two small. They have various sections and various jets. My favorite one was the wooden hot tub, there is a warning for that tub - expect your white bathing suit to turn brown from the wood. They also have a sauna in the middle of the area and some waterfall effect thing off to the far right side corner. Inside the 2nd floor there is a snack area, expensive as well - dumplings are $10. Corn on the cob is $3. a shopping area where you can buy bathing suits, small locker area, showers and some more jet tubs. 5. The 3rd floor is a gym, korean restaurant and a closed off conference area. Make sure to bring your sneakers if you want to use the gym. The restaurant is pretty nice, the food is good too. I posted a picture in the gallery of what I ate - it was $15 and tasted great. They also have a balcony seating area. Things to know: 1. Bring a nice big towel. 2. Second floor showers appear to be real dead. 3. There is blow dryer, lotion, conditioner, shampoo and soap in the shower area. Cheap-o quality though may want to bring your own. 4. Lot's of TVs...everywhere. 5. You have to be barefoot - or you can wear socks. No shoes unless your in the gym.
I'm an experienced bathhouse-er, and I love the facilities here.  The water jets are awesome and there's plenty of heat levels in the saunas. Minus two stars for the lack of rule enforcement.  The bade pool area clearly says "no swimming" yet there are noisy boisterous children yelling and splashing everywhere, with floats and snorkels. It would not be unreasonable to have a staff member supervise the outdoor area and put an end to the yelling and horseplay.
I finally got a chance to go to Spa Castle during this past holiday break. I went to the spa with my boyfriend and his guyfriends. We went on a Thursday, so the price was $35 for weekdays instead of $45 for weekends. I wish the admission price is a little cheaper and they offer some kind of discounts for students, military, etc. =P I heard weekends have more people but it seems like the Thursday we went was pretty crowded too. Spa Castle provides free shuttle (I think it runs every 30 minutes) so check their website or call the place up for more information. As soon as we paid our admission fee, we each receive a wristband. The wristband is to be worn all the time since it is use to open your shoe and clothing lockers as well purchasing things. I separated with my boyfriend and his guyfriends for a while as I had to go to the female locker... I'm sure both lockers are similar to what I'm going to say. =P As I enter the locker room, electronic lockers are on your left side. You will also receive a uniform which you wear when you go upstair  to the co-ed facilities such as the saunas, pools, relaxing room, massages, etc. Private baths are located only in the lockers. For the private baths you cannot wear any clothings or swimwears... There is a person at the entrance of the bath and she, if you're in the female locker or he, if you're in the male locker will tell you to strip down. =P Everywhere you go is barefoot. Anways, I didn't go to the baths because it wasn't my thing. However, the damn shower area and the private baths are in the same location, sooooo yeah. At first it was awkward but then it didn't matter anymore. =P My boyfriend and his guyfriends stated they enjoyed the private baths. The co-ed facilities was pretty cool. The first level included 7 themed sauna rooms. 1) Gold, 2) Mineral Salt, 3) Iceland, 4) Jade, 5) Loess Soil, 6) L.E.D, and 7) Far Infrared Ray. I tried all the sauna rooms... However, I really like the hot saunas so my favorites were Loess Soil, Mineral Salt, Jade, and Gold. I definitely sweated a lot in those room and I felt great! =D I didn't really go to the Mezzanine area which is the Relaxing room or I call it the wasting time room where people lie on lounge chairs and watch TV... I mean why? Why waste the money to do that when you can do that free at home! =P Second floor is the bade pools, indoor and outdoor. I didn't really hang around the inside too much. The day I went was pretty chilly but I still went to the outdoor pool anyways. Some pools are okay temperatures while some are a little hotter. For me though, none of them were hot enough so I thought the pools were okay. I think I would enjoy it better if... A) I was in a tropical location, B) Less people in the damn pools, especially in the smaller pools like ughhh c'mon, and C) Hotter water please. I didn't go to the third floor. I think it was the gym center and more massage rooms. I give Spa Castle 4 stars. I guess the spa was not what I had imagine it would be and not wallet friendly, at least for me. The spa was a bit crowded, especially families. I like kids but it's a place to relax so I want to relax... How am I suppose to do that with kids screaming and running around... Yeah I don't think so! But I was able to kind of push that aside somewhat. =P Honestly, I liked the saunas the best. Maybe when the weather is warmer, I might enjoy the outdoor pools better. Would I go back? Yeah I probably would go back again. If I do I will definitely be there at least half a day or longer to make that money worths. =P
I went to Spa Castle yesterday and it was amazing! I can say I have places to compare it to since I have stayed at many nice places (Atlantis, Fountainbleu). I did a hour massage which was far better than the 90 minute one I received when I was staying at Atlantis. The jacuzzi were really hot so even though it was below freezing outside your body is still warm. The food there was good and reasonably priced. 7$ for a beer and 14$ for a mixed drink. 10$ for fries and a cheeseburger. the massage was 110 for the hour (that is with gratuity). The saunas were really nice because they had all different ones. The bottom floor is where you enter and receive your watch and wristband if you want to get drinks. Each watch has a device in it which opens your locker and charges your account where your credit card is. I decided to purchase sandals for 5$ because I don't like walking around barefoot even though 90% of people were barefoot. They only had small towels -like the size of a hand towel so you should bring your own. They had  robes which you could purchase for 4$ which looked like a smart idea.. The top floor has a restaurant and a bar. They have a three drink maximum attached to your wristband for which was running slim for my 8 hour stay but I'd rather that then have drunk people running around causing problems. The only negative thing I experienced was that the woman working at the massage desk was kind of nasty and when I was asking her questions she was kind of rude and I almost did not do the massage because she turned me off. The rest of the staff was very friendly. Both bartenders were great! This place is def. worth a try and de-stressed me for sure! Also I have read that there was rude staff at reception desk but there were very accommodating for me. The only rude staff was at the massage desk. Thank god the lady that did my massage was amazing or else I wouldn't return to the massage area!
If ever there was a place and time to lose your inhibitions and shed your "skin" (in more than one way) with your friends and absolute strangers, this is it. Sure, you could opt to keep your boring old bathing suit on, but then you'd miss out on an amazing massage, the opportunity to have all those pesky dead skin cells scrubbed off your body by someone else and to then be flipped to the other side and suddenly come face to face with your gal pal's most intimate details (who knew you loved Bam-Bam that much?!). Oh, and the hot, cold, and freezing water pools are better than one could imagine.  At first you think you won't be able to handle the temps in a few of them, but the few minutes of torture are definitely worth the wait once your body becomes acclimated to the change.  The swim up pool bar where you could order delicious pina coladas is fun for a bit, too, as long as you're not surrounded my shrieking children. Additionally, I would love one those in-pool chairs with the massage jets installed in my tub.... so relaxing.... but, alas, one must pay for all these incredible spa services... and a pretty penny at that; the drinks and some services are overpriced, in my opinion. I also removed a star for the shrieking children in the common spa areas where one could actually soak up some rays. I very much love children, but not at a spa. Other than these small things, I recommend the spa when you have some cash to burn.
This is the super mega complex of a Korean spa out in Queens that is more than worth the trip.  Do as my friend, Margie, and I did and make a whole day of it.  You may wonder, just how long can I spend at a spa?  Well, at Spa Castle -- easily, at least 4 hours.  Because this place is much more than a spa... it is completely comprehensive and there really is something to enjoy for anyone and everyone. Margie and I took the shuttle (very prompt and timely) off the 7 train last stop and upon arrival paid the entrance fee ($45 pp on wknds).  We each received the magical little numbered wristband that basically serves as your waterproof credit card throughout your stay at Spa Castle.  Brilliant little contraption which makes it easy to roam around w/o carrying any cash or c/c... but beware, it might also tempt you to charge all sorts of services and food items at the Spa.  We then put our shoes away and changed into our "uniform" (a pretty funny pink shorts & top outfit; grey for guys).  Unless you're completely naked in the bath areas (separate for men and women, obviously) or in the pools, you're expected to be in these silly outfits. We then proceeded to strip down and dipped ourselves in several of the many different temperature baths (clearly marked with temperature ranging from 55 to 110 degrees).   We each got a scrub-down as well... done in a corner of the bath area with about 4 other women (private rooms also available for the shy, but for a $20 premium).  Margie and I both agreed that this had to be the best scrub ever... sure, it's a bit gross when you see the little balls of dirt sloughed off your body, but your skin will feel so super baby-soft afterwards.  These women who perform the scrubs totally know what they're doing and are damn good at it. Beyond this, we enjoyed the many other amenities of the Spa.  We tried a bit of everything: several of the different themed rooms in the "Sauna Valley" (color therapy, salt, jade, etc); the awesome heated pools on the roof of the place (all pools have wonderful powerful jet streams positioned to massage your shoulders, thighs, feet, etc); manicure (loved the girls who worked there); TV lounge (leather full recliners with mini TVs attached... they should get remotes & earphones though for these TVs); etc.  Yep, 4 hours gone very easily. Everywhere you go in this huge complex, you'll see super relaxed people enjoying the amenities this place has to offer... there is a good mix of people (families, little kids, teenagers, older Korean grandmas & grandpas, groups of women and even groups of guys).  Even though there were alot of people, there's plenty of space so I found it to be pretty relaxing.  I totally needed a day of R&R and this was a perfect little escape (esp considering all the great food Margie and I had before and after Spa Castle in Flushing).  We enjoyed it so much that Margie and I have decided to make this at least a quarterly excursion.
I had a nice visit at Spacastle on a Sunday during the early morning hours..We arrived very early 8:00 am as to not be surrounded by lots of people and kids.. We spent the day and also had massages.. I was at the Spa two years ago during a week day, also started early morning.. The difference between two years ago and now is big.. Cleanliness, quiet and relaxing atmosphere, less noisy and no running around unsupervised children was how it was two years ago. Staff was always seen cleaning floor areas which made the place shine and smell clean.. This time around it was clean, but not in all areas.. The first floor bathrooms smelled like urine and the third floor pool with the jets and seats had soapy water that gave me an itch and I had to get out..the suds were not white.. My friend convinced me to dip in it later in the day again and the itching got me out right away.  Since we arrived early it was quiet until after noon, many people and children arrived. I like the idea of families spending time together at this place, but I mind when I'm spending lots of money to listen and watch screaming kids run around while I try to relax and their parents are blind and deaf to the disturbance they are causing.. Kids were jumping on the couches like trampolines and not only did the parents ignore the annoying behavior of their kids so did the staff... Two years ago staff smiled and were welcoming, now they look at you as if you are a nuisance to them. In all fairness not the masseuse ladies. They were very pleasant and professional.. It's  a beautiful place that needs a change in couches now and more security on each floor, enforce NO PICTURE TAKING, yes that also was going on and demand that parents supervise their children even in the bathrooms.. I will go again very early on a week day and leave before the crowd arrives. I will try it one more time only because I live near, but if there is no improvement I know many other Spas that are also great to spend the day pampering myself as I deserve..Hope SpaCastle is reading all the reviews..
I came across this news segment on Spa Castle on pix11. pix11.com/2014/05/07/fam… Calling it a vacation getaway is a bit far fetched. I came to Spa Castle a few times and each experience is getting more worse than the last one. For instance, the last time I came here was during World Cup. Seriously, good luck finding some service. Every Korean employee either left their work stations and stared at the nearest TV like zombies or stood by the eating area watching their country lose on the projector, YES! they projected the game in a spa! I thought the purpose of coming to a spa was suppose to be relaxing, to be away from the noise, traffic, family, kids, etc but instead I found myself in the middle of a crowd of roaring Koreans applauding every time their country gained possession of the ball. If you really wanna watch sports and get loud, goto a beer garden, sports bar, or simply watch it at home. I found it absolutely absurd that Spa Castle would broadcast Korea games on the projector and also providing the audio to the game in every single room including the resting area. Seriously, why not tell everybody to watch Korea World Cup games at their empty Tonic bar and promote World Cup drink specials instead of disturbing everyone else who wanted to relax? The top floor was practically empty when the game was going on. Secondly, I question the cleanliness of Spa Castle. My wife and I came home to discomfort swelling, redness and some small water warts on our fingers, forearms, and legs. During our time in the spa pools, there were several tables that had not been cleaned for hours. We usually stay from the afternoon and into the night whenever we visit Spa Castle. I don't know if it was caused by uncleaned tables and chairs or perhaps even the water. We had to see a doctor to get a prescription for Fluocinonide cream to reduce the swelling and discomfort on our skin. Third, I really dislike several Spa Castle employees from their food servicing areas, Asya in particular. As my wife and I were looking through their menu, we were searching for Sundubu because we could of sworn we saw it here before. The girl behind the desk constantly gave us a real dirty mean stare so we decided to leave. Even as we left and made our way down the stairs, she was still grillin at my wife like a bull. About an hour or two later, I came back upstairs by myself craving for some wings but before I ordered, I looked at the menu one more time to see if there's anything else I would like to go with my wings. The girl then said to me "Are you going to order?!?" with a real pissy attitude. Despite the disrespectful pissy little kid attitude, I had no choice but to order because we had gift cards. Verdict - Never again. Punta Cana in Queens my butt! Kids climbing and jumping all over the pool. I came here to avoid a headache, instead, I got one.
This was a surprise from the boyfriend. We arrived around 7:00am on a Saturday morning. We paid our $45 dollars each, got a cool little wrist watch that was basically our key to our lockers and access to food and separated there. I arrived downstairs and no one was there. After using some context clues, I figured out where to put my shoes when someone finally shows up. She hands me an ugly orange and pink set, tells me to change, put all my crap in the locker and don't lose the watch. Then she was gone...almost like I imagined her. I saw the naked room. There was another woman in there already and I wanted to try it out since there was only one other person in there and I like to try things out without a crowd but the bf was waiting so upstairs I went. I appreciated the emptiness. There was maybe ten people in the whole place at this point. We tried out each sauna alternating between the hot rooms and the Ice Land to cool us down. (Maybe we didn't do it right because we stayed near the door just to see how long we could last before we had to bolt.) We had breakfast. Egg, cheese and sausage sandwich for six bucks each. Robbery since we could get the same sandwich for 2-3 bucks in a corner store but hunger doesn't care about price. The smoothies, which accompanied our breakfast, was amazing. By this time, the pool was open. We tried all of them with the jets. (We stayed on that floor almost all day). I was so relaxed. I don't remember their names but try the heated one outside made of wood. Around 11, we went to the seated area with tvs attached and took a nice nap. This is when the place loses it stars. We woke up and it was PACKED. Not just regular packed but packed with screaming children and some of the most ...ghetto, douchiest, insert low class word here people EVER, yelling, screaming, cursing...it is a SPA, leave that shit at home or the club.(The personal conversations I was hearing... *shudder*) It also loses a star for the food. We ate lunch at the Korean place on the third floor. Overpriced and mediocre. I also saw flies buzzing around my food in the seating area...which I did not finish. Sorry for the long review but my point is this go early before the Bebe's Kids get there and it will be the best investment you made...other than that. Don't bother. I will go again except I would a) leave once the rowdy families and ghetto people start arriving b) avoid the third floor food and c) try the naked room. 4 stars when empty and for those amazing jet pools 2 stars when packed and for the horrible Korean food. = 3 stars.
Far? yes. Lots of kids? yes. totally worth it? yes. I thought this place was a tad overpriced for what it was, but at the same time I came on a Friday, so only paid $35.  the lockers are secure, and there are so many places to go. if I lived closer, I would probably come more often. I imagine getting a large group of friends to come here.  some people might not like the crowds, but I really couldn't complain.  there are special women and men segregated areas, then a ton of saunas to choose from. some super hot ones, an icy one.  there are a few resting areas, and even a infrared area to get rid of toxins. does it work? I have no idea but I felt very clean after leaving. the jets can be powerful, there is indoors and outdoors.  This place is open from the early morning until like 11:30pm so you really don't need to feel rushed. I stayed for 5 hours, and just loved it.  the kids didn't bother me that much. oh , and we ate before and after, but did get a snack of cheese fries there. its bad for you, and is large and tastes good. ha! cancels out all the healthy activities you are doing i guess.  I can't wait to come back!
Once you get over the "nekid ass" when you walk into the male locker room, every thing after that will be fine. It's a Korean bathhouse that have varying degrees of temperature controlled rooms, a rooftop pool, napping areas, UV tables, etc. The Japanese have a version called Onsen. I have been here twice and have to say that I really like this place a lot. It's super relaxing and the place is relatively clean. It is in the middle of nowheresville but it's fine if you are driving. They do have free shuttles from different locations, not sure about mass transit. Try to go on the off hours since this place gets packed. So when you first get in, they give you these watches that are your key to the lockers for your shoes and separately for your clothes and like a ID for paying for goods and services like on a cruise. You get butt ass naked and you can put on a swimsuit for the pool, then the uniform on top or you can just wear the provided uniform if you don't want to swim. You can either stay with the nekid dudes to do the male bath house thing or go upstairs for the unisex station where they have a food by the pound station and Starbucks or the temperature controlled rooms to sweat your ass off, nap area, seating and table areas, spa services, massage services etc. One flight up is a napping section and on the other side is a massage section. One floor up is the pool and a little snack food section like corns dogs and dumplings etc. The next floor is the gym and a food station that does Korean food. I was pretty happy with my spicy pork dish, not the most mind blowing but definitely very solid. Overall, I am very happy with my experience at Spa Castle, also if you look online there is sometimes a decent promo.
I've been here twice and I must say that both experiences were decent. Both times I was here was on a Sunday. Therefore, it's super crowded in all of the pools, saunas, and laying areas. The food and massages are overpriced. So is the entrance fee. It's $35 on the weekdays and $45 on the weekends. I got a salad for $20, which I can probably get elsewhere at a restaurant for $10-$12. It's $12 /oz for all foods at the salad bar and $10/oz for fruits only.. Not worth it, but I was starving at the time. So I had no choice but to eat here. I got the shiatsu massage for $75/60 minutes. It's a naked massage out in an open area in the all women pool area. The massage was super relaxing and the staff was helpful. She constantly asked me where I am in pain so that she can focus on those areas. There are 3 outdoor pools on the 3rd floor. Two for adults and one for children. There is also 2 green tea jacuzzi. There is also a gym one floor up, but there's an extra fee of $10 to work out there. On the second floor, there are a few saunas, laying areas, massage chairs and the cafeteria. My favorite is the mineral and jade sauna. I love the aroma in both rooms so I was able to lay there for 10 min each comfortably. The first floor is where the all women pools, showers and jacuzzi is located. There is a total of 3 pools and 4 jacuzzi. You have to be completely naked to be there. One of the pools are super cold, known as the ice pool! It was about 50 degrees Fahrenheit. The rest is nice and warm. This was the highlight of my day because it wasn't overpopulated with so many people and noise. I was finally able to lay there and relax. Plus, I got my massage here. In sum, spa castle is a great place to relax and melt all your stress away. However, I feel that it can be too pricey and crowded.
This is an amazing place. Super clean and worth the $35.00 entrance fee to use all the facilities for an unlimited time. Very clean and well appointed spa that offers many services in addition to wet facilities including bars, restaurants, and snack area, outdoor heated area with spas and pools, a gym, and massage, manicure, pedicure, salon services. If you haven't discovered this place get to it right away. Easy to get to. It is located in Flushing a short distance from the 7 train end. Just get off the train and there is a spa castle shuttle bus that comes every 1/2 hour. You can cab it but no need to with this free shutle. In response to Ray W. I agree with most of your review but will add this: I Liked your review with the exception of your comment about the fat men with small wieners as you put it in the mens wet area. It is unfortunate that you did not allow yourself to enjoy the wet area perhaps due to your own insecurities about your possible small wiener? I have been there many times and this by far is one of my favorite areas in the spa. I am a man of good shape and definitely not shy or insecure about my body. But there are men of many shapes and sizes and I would say there are more youthful men who are in really great shape than men who are out of shape. You just need to be comfortable in your skin. Clearly you are not. But there are 4 great hot tubs some with herbs and minerals , massage spa pillows and chairs, cool baths, a great steam room and dry sauna as well as grooming stations with a wonderful variety of products to luxuriate yourself with. It is definitely not something to snub. You have missed out on the very essence of the spa experience. I recommend you try it the next time you visit. Shed your inhibitions and you will certainly find yourself absolutely revived and thoroughly invigorated and relieved of stress from sitting in these baths.
Overall a decent place, of course their will be some obnoxious people & children but that's pretty much every where you go in NYC. I wouldn't consider this a SPA CASTLE, more like a urban hang out spot! There's no peace and tranquility here...Definitely didn't feel any sort of relaxation. Drink's are pricey and not worth it, food is poor quality Asian food. I would return again but I would make sure I eat prior and drink prior, also I should come early as possible to take advantage of the free valet parking!
Never again. Be careful when you're relaxing in a pool. You never know what you may find. What I found floating in the whirlpool in the men's sauna will keep me from ever going there again.
I looked forward to going to Spa Castle for almost a year before I finally made the haul out to Queens and gave it a try.  I was with two somewhat-thinner friends, and when I walked into the locker room, the attendant looked at my friends, handed them the small uniforms, looked at me, and handed me what must have been a men's XXL.  (I'm female.)  Mortified, I put it on and the shorts almost fell off.  I looked around at all the other women in the locker room, and sure enough, they all had the smaller uniforms (you can tell by the neckline on the shirts and the fact that the logo on the big uniforms is black, whereas the other is white.)   I gathered all my courage and walked back up to the attendant and asked for the smaller uniform, and she literally snickered and refused to look me in the eye.  I said, "Would you be willing to just look me in the eye?  The way you're treating me is really humiliating."  Her answer, "I'm not treating you ANY way."  Still no eye contact.  I cried in the bathroom for half an hour before I finally dug a normal-size shirt out of the dirty clothes bin just to see if it fit.  It did.  I chucked it back into the dirty clothes and was able to go inside.   The whole experience was INCREDIBLY humiliating, and I will never go back.  I was starving but too ashamed to eat until later in the day, when I was so hungry I finally gave in and had a $17 (yes I said $17) plate of fruit and green salad from their salad bar.  There is no water available unless you want to either pay for it or drink it out of teeny little paper envelopes.  Oh, and when I came walking downstairs from the pool through the restaurant area to go back to the locker room, not wearing the top (although I was wearing a one-piece swimsuit and the massive shorts), another employee came running up to me to tell me I couldn't walk through that area unless I put on the shirt, which I then had to do, to my total embarrassment.  (I had about 10 feet to go before reaching the stairs to the locker room.)  I have never wanted to get out of a place so badly in my life.  I came home hating my body and wishing to god I'd never set foot in the place.   Bottom line: if you are a woman of size, expect to be treated disrespectfully by the staff, and consider taking your business elsewhere.
Rude staff and dirty pools. I am Korean and was embarrassed by how rude the shuttle driver was, and the staff at the facility. I brought a group of my girlfriends here for a bachelorette. Big mistake. On top it all, the pools all smelled so bad gross
Take 2 parts day spa, 1 part bar, 1 part nudist colony and a splash of prison etiquette. Mix it all up and you get Spa Castle. When you get to Spa Castle, first thing you have to do is pay for admission and get a band that looks like a wrist watch, but actually is the chip to open your locker and also charge things to your account. Then, men and women part ways into their locker rooms.Here you receive your uniform. Now, the men get a cute uniform of blue shorts with a grey shirt that has blue trim. The women, on the other hand, are dressed like Starburst candies. Our uniforms consist of bright pink shorts and bright orange shirts with pink trim. They're pretty hideous, but I guess we're not coming here to be fashionable, right? You have two lockers in the locker room. One is for shoes and the other is for everything else. And I mean everything else. The only thing you will be wearing when you go into the spa area is your wrist watch. They will not let you wear shoes anywhere and there's no way you're going to even get a pinky toe in the 109 degree hot bath with a suit on. Get naked and get used to it. Just don't stare at everyone. Remember your prison etiquette here. In the spa room, there are open showers off to the sides. There is no such thing as privacy here. In the center, there are four hot/warm spas, with one of them being a kiddie spa (yes, because apparently children need a day of rejuvenation as well). Off to the right is a steam room, kept at about 133 degrees, and the dry sauna, which is at about 180 degrees. Then there is a shivering cold bath that's 67 degrees, which is a fine temperature for air conditioners, but shockingly cold for a bath. The other cold baths were at 77 degrees. Still cold, but not hypothermia-inducing. Generally when it comes to being at a day spa, you're supposed to alternate between hot and cold. I'd sit in the simmering hot bath for five minutes, then get into the cold. Sauna for five, then cold jet streams for five. There are clocks in the room so you can keep track of time. After a little while, I wanted to see what man was up to, so I dried off, suited up (i.e. put my Starbust costume on) and went upstairs. The second floor is where they have all the saunas, a mini food court and some massage services. Their saunas are awesome. They have five different saunas: The extra-hot Loess sauna (blistering hot), a gold sauna (bright and small), a salt mineral sauna (my favorite), an LED light sauna (therapeutic lights), and a cold sauna (think meat locker). They also have a sleeping area with heated and cooled floors, plus an area that looked like a bunch of barcaloungers with flat screen tvs connected to them. It was so relaxing to go from extreme heat extreme chill in the sauna areas. We went upstairs to the Bade pools, which had the most incredible jet streams imaginable. Need a foot massage? They have jet stream nooks for your feet. Back massage? Try to sloping jet chair that shoots water on four places on your back. There is also a Hinoki spa and a waterfall area, where you basically sit on what looks like a vase and let a massive stream of water hit you from above for a few minutes. Also, this is one of the spots that serves alcohol. Surprisingly, the alcohol was really reasonably priced. $6 for Bud, Bud Light and Brooklyn. $7 for everything else - Stella, Blue Moon, etc. They also have mixed drinks for $10+. The last floor is one we didn't spend much time on. It was basically just a restaurant and full bar. There's a fitness center too, but we didn't care for exercise at that time. Here are some general tips for enjoying your time at Spa Castle: 1) If you missed the shuttle, you can the the Q25 bus to Spa Castle. It drops you off 2 blocks away. Pick it up at Main and Roosevelt, get off on 11th street and walk two blocks down to 11th and 131st. 2) Drink a gallon of water before going to Spa Castle. With all the saunas, you will be sweating a lot and it will be really easy to get dehydrated. They say you can't bring outside food and drinks, but we brought our own water bottles, and they have filling stations all over the place. 3) This is a very family orientated place. It's not quiet and there are kids every where. 4) Do not forget to check out before you leave to pay for anything you charged on your wrist watch. If you don't check out before you leave, not only do you essentially become a thief, but they go through their security tape, find your picture, and post it on their wall with the headline, "SHAME ON YOU!" Seriously. 5) Eat something before you get here. The food here is on the pricey side ($5 for a hot dog, $10 for an order of dumplings) and looked mediocre.
I've been to Spa Castle more than 10 times.  I'm Korean so I guess I am more familiar with the concept of a "Korean Bath House" so I'm not at all confused with nudity or the family/community aspect of it.  In fact, in Korea, you would have each generation of a family scrub their elder's backs. I think some of the negative comments relate to the fact that it's not a true Western spa and I would agree; it's not.  While it does have some spa elements, it is more akin to a Korean Bath House (communal, clean and family-friendly). Reading the comments are really interesting because it sounds like most of the negative comments relate to the user's reactions and interactions with other people (i.e., New Yorkers).  It's funny because who would have thought that the guys or girls that are taking the subway with you could also be sitting next to you in the public bath tub totally naked.   I think that speaks more to New Yorkers' experiences and reactions with each other than about Spa Castle.  In concept, if you were close-knit with your community and shared a public bath house, I don't think the vast majority of these comments would appear.  In that sense, Spa Castle has become a cultural and cosmopolitan experience as well as a spa/sauna/bath experience. I recommend Spa Castle for anyone who is open-minded and is willing to spend some time out of their normal element.
I've been here a couple of times with friends during the summer months. It's a great place to try out different types of saunas and massage jets. I love that there are so many options to the type of saunas and massage jets to try. The saunas range from different heat intensity. The massage jets also vary on intensity. It's relaxing after using the various saunas and massage jets. It makes me sleepy so good thing there's a nap area indoors away from the noise outside. It's great how you pay one price and can be here all day. Don't worry about bringing extra set of clothes to wear inside the facility because shirt and pant will be provided. Blue for guys and pink for the ladies. There's also an option to buy their slippers because you're not allowed to walk around the facility with personal footwear. You'll have to walk barefoot if you don't purchase their slippers.  I'm not a fan of the idea but I guess the idea is to have as little personal belongings lieing around on the floor so people don't trip or whatnot. But you are allowed to bring your own towels. Also a watch device is provided to track your purchases so you don't have to carry money around. The watch device is also used to access your locker so you don't need to bring a lock. You pay your bill from everything you bought when you leave upon returning the watch device. The locker rooms are split by gender. There are lockers for shoes and lockers for clothes. I think this is a great idea so I don't have to worry about putting my bag in a locker where dirty shoes have been like going to a gym. Love the idea! There are showers so you can get cleaned up before leaving. But do note that it's a nude and open area. Be warned that there are no curtains. In the shower area is also where the nude pools and steam room are.
This place is DEFINITELY the best.  Just came back and I feel completely relaxed and my whole body feels unstressed. Spa Castle is an excellent one-day vacation place if you live near NYC.  Took the 7 from Grand Central to the Flushing stop where I walked around 1-2 blocks and 1 avenue to take the free shuttle to Spa Castle.   Went during a weekday to avoid the crowd and paid $35 ($45 for the weekends) for full access to their pools and their sauna rooms. The whole process is extremely cool since they give you these plastic watches that act as your key to your locker rooms, and your credit card for any necessary payments rendered.  You leave all your belongings in a locker and you are given a nice cotton uniform which you wear throughout the spa.  If you brought your own bathing suit, you would also wear this underneath the uniform or you can rent out a bathing suit for $2 if you don't have one.  The rentals are just a basic black one-piece.   The temperature was a bit warm today given that it is already winter, so we still got the chance to try out the outdoor jet pools which were fantastic.  The pools consist of different sizes with different temperature (usually there is a sign that will tell you the temperature of the pools), and each one has a different jet that targets a different part of your body.  At first, the jets do not feel so good due to the high pressure, but I swear I feel my muscle more relaxed an hour after the jet pools. We did the saunas after the jet pools and they were really really cool.  It's amazing how much thought and creativity was used to create each one; the owners definitely did not spare any money in the development of the saunas.  There are eight different saunas, each one is of a different temperature and each one has different benefits from usage.  Spa Castle's website lists each and every sauna and the different therapies that each are assocated with.  The saunas were all located next to each other on the second floor.  Each one was shaped as a small dome with a sign on the top highlighting the temperature of the sauna.  My friend and I went into a hot sauna and then we did the Ice sauna, and then a different hot one and back to the cold one, and so on (this process was to increase blood circulation and helped stimulate relief of stress). After a while, I became so relaxed that I actually grew tired and we decided to try the sleeping room.  The sleeping room was basically an open area next to the saunas in which you can lay down of the floor and sleep.  It was a bit intimidating to sleep in the public and next to strange people, but everyone else seemed comfortable doing it so I decided to try it out.  Being someone who is always cold in any possible situation, the floor seemed extra cold to sleep on but amazingly the floor was heated!!  I knocked out completely that I woke up disoriented as to where I was (that's how great my nap was).   We did not dare buy anything to eat except for Edy's ice cream on the 3rd floor.  Everything else was too overpriced and we were too poor to spend so much money.   The shower room was a bit awkward if you go with a friend and WITHOUT a big towel, so I definitely recommend to bring a big towel if you are shy about your body.  People recommended getting the scrub service and I will definitely try it out next time, but I scrubbed myself this time.  At the locker rooms, you rinse out, go into the saunas (which you have a dry and a wet one) and then you jump into the different temperature pools before scrubbing yourself clean as a finale.  I made the mistake of scrubbing myself in the beginning and then having to rescrub myself again at the end (I swear I'm clean for the whole month). I definitely LOVE this place.  The Spa was very big on being sanitary; all the towels and clothes were clean (I'm a big person on germs and I even clean my own dishes before eating in a restaurant!!!).  The locker rooms were very well-equipped with combs, lotions, face cream, hairspray, and even hair gloss.  I'll be bringing my mom there some time this month or February as an early Mother's Day gift!!!! Suggestion: 1. The towels provided are small hand towels.  If you want a towel to wrap around your body, bring your own towel.   2.  Beware if you are not comfortable being naked around the same sex because the bathing rooms/locker rooms are public showers where you will see many people of the same sex naked and taking showers right next to you. 3.  There are kids that frequent the place with their parents.  When I went, the kids were barely toddlers and could barely walk, so I had no problem with them during my visit.  No noise and no kid traffic; but they were ooooo soooo cute!!!!
This place really deserves 1 star simply due to the fact that the service is horrible and the prices are crazy, but I am giving it 2 stars because there is truly nothing else like this place I have ever been to and the amount of amazement I experienced will be memorable even though it was a bad experience. First, the name is very deceiving. There is nothing about this place that resembles a spa or a castle. Spas are relaxing and rejuvenating. Castles are cool and awesome and this place is neither. To get there, you take the 7 train to flushing and then a van picks you up at the train stop and takes you to the location. When the van drops you off, you stand in line, pay your entrance fee, and proceed to go through turn styles and your belongings are checked by security guards during this process. Kind of reminded me of getting on a ride at disneyland or boarding an airplane, or something of that nature.     My girlfriend and I went to our separate locker rooms where we put on the required uniform for everyone in the co-ed area; a heavy rib tee shirt and calf length elastic waist band shorts. Blue for guys and pink for girls. We then proceeded to the co-ed area where they serve food and have a variety of saunas and massage areas. I don't how I would describe the clientele at this place. There is truly every type of person you can imagine in the co-ed area, and everyone is wearing these ridiculous shorts and shirts. I actually enjoyed this aspect of spa castle the most, because I love to people watch and it did not disappoint in this regard. There are a few options for food all in the same area that creates this "food court" environment where everyone kind of mingles, eats and "relaxes", I guess. I did not find it relaxing, but entertaining nonetheless. After eating a light meal and taking in the sights a little, my girlfriend and I got a couples massage. I believe it was around $90 for 45 min. They were in private rooms away from the noise and crowds of the main area. I asked for a light massage and had to ask my masseur to stop twice during the massage because they were too rough. Her english wasn't the best and didn't seem to understand me well, which made it more difficult. My girlfriend was equally disappointed with the quality of her massage. After the massage, we tried to make the best of the rest of our stay and went upstairs to the pools. They were crowded and the water seemed very dirty with a weird smell. The jets were broken on one of them and another one wasn't heated. Again, we tried to make the best of it and enjoy ourselves, but couldn't help to continue to point out how much this place was continuing to disappoint. After the second drink we ordered at the "pool bar" we realized that within a couple hours, with massages, food, drinks, and entrance fees, we were into this place for several hundred dollars and decided it was time to call it a day. When you initially show up to spa castle, you are given an electronic wrist band and everything you do during your visit is charged to your wrist band which you pay for when you leave. After going to our locker rooms and getting dressed, we met in the main exit area and found out we had to stand in a line of about 20 people to pay before we could leave. As other reviewers have pointed out, everything in this place is overpriced, and a lot of people don't seem to realize this until they are checking out at the end. Additionally there are exit turn styles that will not allow you to go through unless you have a token you drop in that is given to you after you pay your bill.  Needless to say, I had to spend another 30 minutes standing in line listening to people argue about their bill before I could finally leave spa castle for good. It reminded me of the DMV, or when you have to go to the cable company to return your cable box or something like that. Again, everything is extremely overpriced, the service is bad, and there is nothing relaxing about the experience, but it is truly memorable.
I recently went w my mother n aunt who was visiting form Korea. Since I've already had free tickets as a Christmas gift, I decided to use them. We all took the free shuttle to get there, got to the front reception only to find out that the tickets had been expired n that we had to pay for them... The price also has gone up. Weekends r now $50???? Why is there even an expiration date on the tickets when they r so expensive???? Wanted to talk to the manager n the manager had us wait for more than 30minutes. When I asked where the manager was then some Hispanic girl who wasn't even the manager came n told me the tickets r no good n there's nothing they can do...... Called the corporate bc I was upset that these $300 tickets might go to a waste... They've told me the same thing n was not wiling to accommodate me at all..... Now I'm stuck w 6 tickets (worth $300) n I can't even use them...
I remember when this place opened up. was deserted all week and it was only $30 to get in all 7 days.. that being said ti's still an amazing place to go to! Why pay for a massage when you can spend 15 minutes in there heated pool, your back to one of the jets and let them work there magic. Just be careful your top doesn't come off...happened to me twice... It's a really serene place with good food and a non-city environment.  I do not like the fact that sometimes the bars aren't manned and you have to wait a bit but honestly it's not that serious! if you can't deal with nudity don't go!...and if you can and expect everyone to look like they walked out of a porn...DON'T GO! no one is shy about there unshaved private parts... now i might change my mind about this place (all the reviews about the kids) but I've never been disappointed. and honestly $100 (entrance, food etc...and no extra services) for a whole day is so little to pay...
Lots of good clean fun here at Spa Castle.  I would give it Five stars, but the staff doesn't enforce the rules which is very frustrating.   Too many folks eating in the outdoor pools, too many kids yelling, eating and running in the saunas, too many folks on cellphones...all of which took away from my relaxing experience.
Clean facilities. Super hot saunas (himalayan salt is my fave). Several pools with massage jets. Saunas : Himalayan was the perfect temperature for me. 175 degrees I believe and absolutely relaxing. Jade was ok. I have been in a better Korean Jade sauna then the one at spa castle. The gold sauna wasn't that hot and the led color sauna was too packed so I couldn't try it. Loess is by far their hottest sauna (and biggest). Their Ice room is cool enough and feels great after all the heat. Infrared beds were all packed. Pools: 2 big pools with water jets on the edges. The jets give great massages and 2 in particular were amazing. Not deep at all in case any of you are feeling fishy. The only and BIGGEST CON is that unfortunately kids are allowed in this pool (they have 2. you think they'd make separate sections). Luckily it wasn't as busy as it could have been when I went but I can see how annoying it must be trying to relax and enjoy the water jets with children screaming everywhere. There is a Japanese hot bath right next to the pools which is adults only but it is small and did take me some time to finally get a spot. Facilities: Clean. Straight forward. If you need to ask for help in there, then you have a problem lol. The watches/locks are safe. Different lockers for shoes and clothes etc You must bring your own towel otherwise you will have to pay for one. They only provide 2 small towels (think hair towels.. short hair towels). Oh! and be prepared to see the equivalent amount of  p#$%y as a newb gyn!
Nice but becoming overrated and overcrowded.....so make sure you arrive here early  (check their hours of operation) But I believe they open up at 0600hrs.  Weekdays are less chaotic and you avoid many of the screaming kids ... Check their website for photos and more service details. This is a nice place where you can hang out all day long and be a real bum...Ohhh and they serve alcoholic bev. at the pool and saunas, and there are several lounge chairs, eating areas, restaurants, and a room dedicated just for sleeping and watching TV overlooking the first floor.  There are several floors to browse through and get lost.  Make sure you pick up a brochure of where all the services are so you won't just be wandering around clueless. Tips: Ladies, bring your own brush, towel, shampoo, conditioner, comb, blow dryer/flat iron if needed, hair grease (because the chlorine really dries up your hair). Make an entire day out of it! Basement services are cheaper by the locker room, everyone is nude and it is less intimate but at least the services are cheaper than the more intimate sessions upstairs which don't allow for outlandish nudity.  They will give you a watch and uniform to wear around the facility.  The watch will bill you for all the services used so you won't need to bring any money. Everytihng is paid for at the end of your stay at the checkout counter
This place is Going downhill now. We have been coming for the last three years. It is getting worse everytime we came. In the past, the spa is getting dirty. Now, there is homeless person fully dressed with bags on the 2nd floor where people supposed to wear uniform with bare foot. There is person had roller bag on the 2nd floor. The roller bag drags dirt all over. Today, there is one guy shaving body hair in the pool. It is unbelivable. We probably won't go there any more.
Place is huge and relaxing, with lots of amenities that will keep you busy and relaxed all day. Price just went up from 40 to 50 on the weekends, only downside is that they get so busy that you spend a lot of time on line waiting for stuff. I'd recommend going on the weekdays when they are much less crowded and you can enjoy the place with out the crowds, overall a great way to spend the day:)
I was so looking foward to spa castle!!  I went on a weekdday due to the warnings by yelpers of overcrowding and children running around screaming and also just beacuse it is ten bucks cheaper.  So I got there in the morning and am super happy.  I only saw a couple of cute korean babies that were learning to walk and no crowding. So when I got there the girl at the front will shove you your wristwatch without so much as a hello and you get the go ahead.  You head to your locker rooms (very clean) and  I kinda freaked out when I saw the shoe lockers thinking it was tiny!! Found out they have separate lockers for shoes and clothing (cleaner i guess).  Really cool how doors open and close with a tap of your watch.  Next, I got handed my pink/orange tshirt and shorts to change into with a toothbrush haha.  Im not sure why people complain about the uniform.  Its not pretty but its cotton, comfortable, freshly laundered (i could still smell the detergent) and above all means i dont have to see people running around the spa in their speedos.  So get your tiny towel at the shower room/naked bath area and you ready to go. Once you go upstairs is where the saunas are.  They are super fun.  I went through them all alternating betwen the hot saunas and the cold ice land.  I bought a face mask that was about $2 to use in the sauna rooms since my pores were pretty open anyway and paid with my watch.  Saunas were alot of fun.  My favorite was the  salt room.   Tired out at this time I took a nap at lounge/ mezzanine area on a comfy leather lounger.  The room was dark and heated so need for blanket and I drifted off right away.  They also have a sleeping area on a heated floor but that didnt look too comfortable. Food wise they have $12/Ib buffet, sushi, fresh juice, pizza, pasta and frozen yoghurt on first floor all around  average of $10 or more.  I opted for the korean restaurant, sky garden at the third floor where the gym is also located.  Sky garden also has "beds" overlooking the view.  It was the best deal as the prices were pretty in tune with food court .  For $15 I got my appetizers, soup, rice and barbecued beef.   Finished up at the bade pools with a variety of jets to try indoors and outdoors.  It was chilly outside the day I went but the outdoors ones are fully heated so really great to sink into the steaming hot hinoki bath.  Noticed quite a few girls using the jets in who needs a man mode (straddling them) hmm...   Before leaving I gathered my courage to go nude and try the traditional korean bath at the ladies locker.  It does depend on how comfortable you are with your body but its a family oriented place and tried to be openminded about another culture.  They supply you with shampoo, soaps, lotion, hairdryer, gel, toothpaste basically everything to clean up afterwards. Spa castle was fun and relaxing I cannot wait to come back.
Although I have enjoyed my time at Spa Castle - the whirl pools, saunas, good but expensive fresh food and a few good massages.  I can not give it a 5-star rating.   It was inevitable that with the reasonable entry fee that it would eventually draw a low class crowd.  As a massage therapist, I feel everyone needs a place to go and be peaceful but it is a real problem when you have couples in the outdoor pool tonguing each other down and a woman who can barely walk because she is falling over drunk.  While exiting there was a rowdy group of women who actually ended up getting in a verbal argument which escalated into having a fist fight right in front of the place.  If you are going to have this kind of clientele where even the relaxation of the environment doesn't calm these wild beasts, then you need to have strict security on staff to rule the unruly or someone is going to get hurt and you will end up with a law suit on your hands. On an even more serious note, I am very concerned that some of the massage therapists there on staff are not licensed.  If they can't even communicate with you and they don't understand or speak English, there is no way that they have a NYS license which is required to perform massage therapy in the state of New York.  I literally jumped of the table and got into an argument with the woman who I won't call a therapist because there is no way this woman was a trained therapist.  They have licenses displayed on the wall which is required by law but then the therapists have American names so you don't even know whose license it is on the wall, hell it could be Tom, Mary and Jane for all anyone knows.  This is not legal and I don't know how they manage to stay in business with such strict NYS regulations.  If you get booked with someone by the name of "kay" rebook with someone else.  I can tell you first hand this woman is not a licensed therapist and you will end up with an injury - yes you can get injured by someone who doesn't know what they are doing.  Also don't be afraid to stop the massage, if something doesn't feel right.  Listen to your instincts. The worse part, the manager was adamently telling me how he wasn't going to fire this person and was not very professional.  Ok then get your business closed down because this woman can't even communicate in English and is no doubt not licensed in NYS. Spa Castle needs to take care of these issues if they want to stay in business.
It's my very first time to come to a establishment like this. Upon arrival you pay a 40$ entrance fee. They give you a watch bracelet that acts like a credit card so whatever services you choose, you just swipe your watch and pay all at once at the end.  It also acts like the key to your lockers.  I ended up with paying 55$ at the end of my short stay.  So, for me, $95 total.   I was a little surprised to see children at a spa but I guess this is a "FAMILY SPA". The jet streams in the pools were very noisy and squeaky - probably just needs maintenance. They squeakiness did make it hard to relax.   All the pools and sauna rooms are included with in the 40$ entrance fee. Food and alcohol is not included and will cost extra.  They have a food bar, sushi, coffee, snacks, etc. If you want a massage or a mani/pedi, they don't allow you to make an appointment days ahead (at least in our experience). Cost is $45 for mani/pedi. $15 for mani and $35 for pedi. When you arrive, you have to go to the location of the service you want and you make an appointment when you're there.  So, it's like gambling with time to see if you get lucky.  I ended up just going for a mani/pedi that day.  The lady did a detailed and clean job so I was happy.   The details:  For a mani/pedi, it takes one hour.  They only had one lady working that day so I couldn't enjoy the time with a friend. =(.  Anyway, the only have 2 pedi stations and 2 mani stations.  So, if they maximized their facilities, they could have taken 4 clients with 8 employees.  But if they only have two workers, then it's only 2 people at a time.  So, once again, it's like  a gamble.  You don't know how many employees they have that day and you don't know what times are available.  The same thing happened at the foot massage.  Only 2 employees that day, but at least 7 massage chairs in the room. If you come here, I'd suggest you reserve a WHOLE day to fully enjoy the experience.
I was excited because, my friends were! I was pissed about the lack of parking when I arrived. I was taken aback by the rating fom the department of health; an A, B and C. Of course the B & C  confused me. I didn't let that stop me from "the experience" I enjoyed myself and was glad how secure it was. I went to the pools, hot tub and sauna; I did not get any other services. It was a good time after my initial shock, I'd go back. There were children/ youth there; I guess because I'm not a parent i didn't really care for that. I did enjoy my wings. Go experience Spa Castle and go early if you're driving!
Don't do it!  Yes, it's a way to spend the day but I was wondering if there would be any health residuals to going to a big populated place where people share ppols, saunas, etc.  About 2 days after I went there, I came down with strep throat, followed by bronchitis.  It was 3 weeks ago and i'm still fighting it.  NOT WORTH GETTING SICK!!! Also, the "rest" area is SO loud as it's right next to the food court and there were kids running around screaming and people talking really loudly.  BE forewarned that no shoes are allowed unless you buy their $5 cheap slippers.  So imagine hundreds of people walking barefoot on moist floors...hello?  planter's warts & foot fungus!  gross. just go get a regular massage somewhere if you want to relax.  this place is germy.  I so wish I could go back in time and not have gone there.
My first spa experience was a successful one thanks to Jando and a fantastic YEE. When I first heard of "Spa Castle" I was so intrigued. I thought to myself.... "Does it really look like castle? Do they have a moat? Do people dress up in medieval attire?" Alas, they do not have these things (with the somewhat exception of #1) HOWEVER they do have amenities that will ease any stress you may have. It's funny because I would think anything in a castle would be old fashioned but on the contrary they're pretty high-tech. They give you watches that make you look like a stealthy secret agent and they give you access to the facilities around the place. Upon entry, the staff will explain the different levels and what you'll find on each one. Make your way into the locker rooms, get changed and you're ready to go! They have heated outdoor pools, jacuzzis, heat rooms to dry off, bars/seating within pools, bubbly-jet goodness and more. They serve plenty of food (and bubble tea!) throughout the facility, but don't go too crazy and then race laps. One of my favorite features had to be the saunas. These mosaic masterpieces range from 99 (lowest) to 187 (highest). You bet I tried both... that 187 is a doozie. But they have the cool "ice" room to ease the temps a bit. If you're looking for a ultimate relaxing experience and don't mind dropping some cash, go to Spa Castle. Definitely come prepared with a towel, bathing suit and any other necessities you may think you'll need. (i.e. shampoo/cond/body wash) If you have any questions, feel free to ask they staff. They were extremely friendly and accommodating! Next time I come, I plan on spending alllllll day here. No joke. With all they have here, you can realistically do just that.
I am fan.  This is a great place to go on dates, to try to pick up the opposite sex, or just decompress.  It is a fun place with some sexiness to it.  I cannot tell a lie. If you are single, there is a high probability that you will get some phone numbers, if you are friendly enough (I haven't tried, so, I leave it to you).  Wear your best bathing suit and show off your best features.  You might just get discovered. (And laugh, for those affected by SAD) If you are in a relationship, this might be a great way to spark it up.  If you are in an aquatic lover, you will enjoy the current. *Worth nothing, I saw the best breasts of my life here.  Honest to god.  In a man's life this was a significant moment.  I had a witness; she agreed.  (And laugh, for those affected by SAD) There truly, is something for everyone here. If you are over-weight; hit the sauna.  If you are too skinny; hit the cafe.  If you like being naked; hit the locker-room spas. Definitely go during the week ($35), to avoid the crowds.  Do plan on spending 2-3 hours there.  It is a very unique place and is a lot of fun. I don't recommend taking the shuttle, it takes 15 min from Main St., go by car if you can.  The food is ok.  But, eating back near Main St. is recommended.
It's my own fault for not reading the reviews on yelp first. Not for me. The other bad reviews pretty much cover everything except that the place had a greasy smell- more like White Castle than Spa Castle.
Someone peed inside the sauna on the roof. My husband and I kept seeing people walk in and come right out so we figured it must be really hot so we went to try and as soon as we opened the door, the smell of urine punched us in the nose. As we walked out we saw all the staff laughing from inside. I suppose they found this entertaining?! We went to the pool and watched as the staff continued to laugh as this was repeated over and over with other customers. NO SHAME! if this was my business, I would put a sign on the door saying out of order until it was taken care of. Just disgusting! And on top of that the staff are rude as hell. They also take to uniform rule WAY too seriously and need to restrict kids to certain areas!
Leave your modesty (and your clothes) at the door, they are not welcome at Spa Castle. I wanted to spend my most recent birthday relaxing and easing into another year of age.  I thought spa castle would be a great option, since I had never gone to a Korean bath house before and my lovely grandma always talks about it whenever she's back in the motherland.  So my guy and I hopped on the 7 train, rode the 15 minute free shuttle van from Main St. to the actual spa, and were welcomed with a sunny reception area and men in hawaiian shirts.  Interesting, but so far so good. We checked in at the front desk and were each given little wrist watches with a number assignment.  I was a little apprehensive entering the women's locker room myself, knowing there would be a lot of nudity awaiting me, but I threw caution to the wind and decided to embrace what lay ahead.  We came on a Monday afternoon so thankfully the spa wasn't too crowded.  I checked in my shoes at the shoe locker with my handy-dandy wristwatch and picked up a set of the spa clothes-- an orange v-neck with pink shorts.  I wasn't sure if I was supposed to wear my swimsuit under the neon getup, but noticed most women were not.  I loved the convenience of the watch to open and lock your lockers-- how futuristic! After meeting up with the bf and laughing at his grey and blue spa getup, we made our way over to the sauna rooms.  We spent about 10-15 minutes in each room, while going to the ice room in between each sauna session.  Out of each type, I'd say the infrared ray room and the huge loess soil room were my favorites.  The infrared room has a calming blue light and is the only one to play soothing music.  The loess soil room had a ton of space and was the hottest. After checking out each room, we decided to go to the rooftop pools.  We switched into our swim gear and went to the top floor.  Even on a Monday there were tons of little kids with their parents.  The splashing would get obnoxious after awhile but there were plenty of spots to swim around and avoid them.  The pools were amazing since they had all sorts of different jets in each part of the water.  We easily spent 2-3 hours up here. The last part of our day at Spa Castle was spent in the gender specific locker room baths.  Swimsuits or towels are not allowed-- you are roaming free, nekkid as the day you were born.  You shower before hopping into one of the baths and relax, relax, relax.  I spent almost an hour by myself just enjoying the different temperatures and jet massage seats. All in all, for $35, Spa Castle is an excellent way to spend a relaxing day.  We didn't eat at the over-priced food court, opting instead for better food out in Flushing.  There were quite a few children running around but that's probably unavoidable, especially in a family-centric neighborhood like Flushing.  The facilities were clean, the staff was friendly and it felt very modern.  I wouldn't mind going back on another weekday and splurging on one of the massage or scrubbing packages.  Just don't be afraid of some nudity, or getting a peek into what your body will look like in approximately 20 years.
Finally accomplished another 'nyc must' moment with Spa Castle and had an amazing experience! It's true, to avoid any 2 star experience.. best time to go is midweek and early, as we did on a Tuesday morning. The place is expansive, pretty, and actually clean despite some of the horror reviews I've read on here. The saunas and heated pools were a welcome relief from the enduring winter. Walking into each ornate sauna hut was like entering different worlds each with its specific purpose to treat you in different ways. Every wade pool, inside and out included pulsating massage whirls that relieved all tension. Little towels are provided for free and actually do the job unless you decide to rent the bigger ones for $2. Also, shampoo, soap, hair product, and blow dryers are all provided in the shower/locker room area. The place took awhile to get to via public transpo (bus) and food and drinks are a tad bit pricey, but I came here with the onset of a cold and left completely free of body pains.. A much better alternative to cold meds for sure. So, 40 dollars for a full day of much needed relaxation during my spring break was totally worth it.
I bought a living social coupon. The spa was crowded and filthy. There was a line for women out the door. There were no towels for use, and I had to stand dripping naked waiting for one. I think people should have to book with their deals in advance to provide overcrowding. I was expecting a wonderful relaxing day with my boyfriend, and instead we walked on our tiptoes to avoid the disgusting floors, and left after an hour. I reported the couple who were fingering each other in the shallow sauna filled with children. I was so disappointed, and I certainly won't be back to spa castle.
Spa Castle is an experience that I think everyone needs to dive into at least once. Derived from the many jim jil bangs (meaning "sauna room") found all over Korea and other parts of Asia, Spa Castle is a watery paradise. I wouldn't recommend this place to someone who is a bit naive, self-conscious, or just down right unwilling to try something new. The building is separated into sections and each level offers something unique and interesting for patrons. Walking into Spa Castle, I felt as if I was transported back to Seoul where I would go at least once a week to relax and detox. Below is a breakdown of each section and my personal ranking - - Sauna Rooms: The good thing about Spa Castle is that they offer multiple hot sauna huts for you to sweat and relax in. The bad thing is that customers at the spa do not understand the concept of courtesy or a general knowledge of saunas. Too many times people kept leaving doors to the spa wide open releasing all the heat/cold. A simple fix to this would be to have a spring door that automatically closes the door behind departing patrons. 4 out of 5 - Sleeping area: Most disappointing. This is basically an area within the spa section where customers are allowed to sleep on On Dol flooring (heated floors). I am used to experiencing these rooms on a completely separate level, away from the saunas and in the dark. 2 out of 5 - Pool level; PHENOMENAL! The top level features numerous hot pools with water jets that helps massage different areas of the body. My friends and I loved this area and spent a large amount of time in each pool getting the most out of the experience. The pools are located outside and are still open during the winter. There's nothing more amazing than hopping into a large pool of steamy water in the middle of winter. 5 out of 5 - Jacuzzi room: On the first floor, next to the locker rooms is the jacuzzi room. Similar to the pools outside, but.......wait for it.......naked. Here's where those who are timid, nervous or just overall concerned about their appearance or that of others will have a difficult time. It's very liberating just hanging out naked in a hot tub and they also have scrub down rooms so you can exfoliate and relax. The only let down here was that they didn't have any herbal jacuzzi's. I didn't see any jasmine or natural water jacuzzi's in the room, they were just pools of hot water for you to lay in. 4 out of 5 I definitely think everyone needs to try this at least once and benefit from the experience. You can spend the whole day here and its not as expensive as other spas in the city. These places are a commonality in Korea and its great that we have this here for everyone to enjoy. I just wish the prices were similar to those in Korea - 8,000 Won for the day (or $7.25)!!!!!
Just another korean spa, but over priced and noisey. This is NOT a place to relax. There are kids running around everywhere, and they are not quiet. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my time at Spa Castle and I would definitely go back. I just won't have any expectations to relax. Make sure you go during the week, it is cheaper, and assuming quieter.
Have been coming here for years.  Will not be back again!  The quality of everything has gone down. There is black mold in the women's bathroom in the locker room. They show the price of a drink at the bar to be one price and when you check out it is more. Their explanation is tax and tip. Why isn't it included in drinks like it is for everything else? The scanner at the salad bar wasn't working properly. We were a party of 4.  We all got about the same amount of food. One person was charged double of everyone else.  Rather than just adjust the price, we are being held hostage while they review the videos.  Ummm...three hours of videos? The salad bar was starting to empty out of a few items. They did not have food prepared to replace those items. Gotta love a 15 minute wait for a self serve salad bar. Will wait to try out the new NYC location when it opens. Hopefully it will be worth the $20 higher price
Mega-spa! Went on a Tuesday at 3, it was packed with families, kids, groups. It was fun, esp. the outdoor bade pools with really strong massage jets. There's definitely a system to how it works. When you go in the locker room, you'll see a bunch of naked people of your own sex running  around. The showers are in the nude single sex pool area, & you should be nude while showering. The towels they give you are napkin size!! So bring your own towels or buy rent theirs. They require everyone to wear their t-shirt/shorts uniforms when in the co-ed indoor areas. Inside, there are sleeping areas, several hot saunas, a cold sauna, a swim up bar (sort of- you can drink in the pool, but have to buy your drinks outside of it). When you check in, you're given a watch w/ a sensor that opens & closes your separate shoe and regular stuff lockers, serves as a swipe system to pay for food and drinks, etc. You pay at the end. AmEx not accepted. Piña coladas at the Aqua Bar are wonderful & very strong. They charge you tip & tax, so the cocktails come out to about $16.50. (!!!!) Beers come out to $8.50. The bulgogi was tasty, came w banchan, seaweed soup, rice. There are overstuffed leather lounged chairs that you can camp out on & recover from the sauna & hot pools.
This place is AWESOME! If you've never been here, it may be more fun to go with someone who has. Do you have a Korean friend you don't mind getting naked with?... of the same sex. Here's some things I recommend you do during your stay: 1. Allow yourself at least 4 hours for your visit. There's lots to do: eat, sleep, lots of different sauna caves  (my fave is ice land- 37 degrees), watch tv, eat some more, swim, massages, scrubs, etc. I've spent 12 hours here before. 2. Go on a weekday. I went on a Wed and Fri and there were no children running around. Admission fee is cheaper on weekday. $35 vs. $45 for weekend. 3. ***** You MUST get a body scrub in the hot tub area. This will complete your experience at a Korean spa. Just go up to the ppl who hand out the uniforms in the locker area and make an appt. I recommend the body scrub and massage for $95. it's 80 min and tip is included in the fee. You soak your body in the hot tub for about 30 min to loosen up your skin and a lady in her uniform of black bra and underwear comes looking for you. You lay down on a laminated table and they go to work! They scrub the hell out of you and you can actually see the grime and dirt roll off your body like the leftovers from using an eraser. Not only do they scrub your entire body, they give you a cucumber face mask and wash your hair as well. Note that you do have to be naked for this. If you're uncomfortable with this, just get over it. You're totally missing out if you don't get this service. Schedule it for the end of you stay so you're all nice and clean to go home. 4. Eat. There's lots of choices. I like to go to the top floor and order Korean food. However, they do have pastas, hamburgers, and some Japanese dishes including sushi. There's also a buffet bar with salads, salmon, chicken, fruit, etc. There's enough of a variety here to please everyone. Expect to spend about $10-15 for a meal and an additional $10 for snacks and fruit juices. 5. Go lie down in all the different temperatured sauna caves on the 2nd floor.
Upon getting to spa castle (around 10:30am), we pulled into the parking lot. We were greeted by a very nice guy which took the car keys and directed us to the entrance. We went with a group of over 10, so we got 10% discount. SCORE! They gave us this wrist watch looking thing. The bracelette opens your locker and is basically a tab for all purchases you make during the day. I like the watch idea (don't have to carry around cash or credit with you). So into the locker rooms we go. Guys go left, girls go right. You get 2 lockers. The first little locker is meant for your shoes. You go in and take your shoes off and place them there. Then, you pick up a uniform at the counter (btw, they are like the ugliest thing in the world and not very comfortable either. Give me some flannel, a robe or something else as a uniform. Oh and the uniform had like pit stains on it. BARF! Now, you walk your way over to your big locker and get dressed. It looked clean at the beginning of the day, but as the day moved along, it just completely skeezed me out. In the womens locker room area, u can go naked in the suana/jacuzzi. If you leave the locker room area, it's all co-ed. Upstairs (above locker room) was salad bar, sushi station, grill area, the many suana rooms, and chairs/lounges, Headed over to the large suana room. Really nice and kept really hot. No one was in the sauna rooms at all which was awesome. Got to lay there and just chill. We then went to the salt sauna room then the ice room to cool down. I loved all the rooms. They have a gold room and a jade room as well (which I checked out later on in the day) Went to eat after about half hour to an hour in the rooms. I opted for salad bar bc other stuff weren't open yet. It was actually really good. I was surprised at how good the food is. The seaweed salad was AMAZING! And I really enjoyed the fruit they had too. Yes, it was expensive, but you kind of expect to pay that price going into places like this. Later we had more food and all of it was delicious. Shaved Ice and red bean was DELICIOUS! I want some more! After eating, we all decided to take a dip in the pools (next level up) and get massaged by the extremely strong water jets. They were amazing! You really do not need to get a massage from a real person bc these jets worked wonders. Did those for a lil bit, then went into the hot tub jacuzzi. It was nice and at the perfect temperature. I tried stepping into the suana outside, but it smelled like someone peed all over the floors that I had to leave right away. We went, got some snacks and then kinda split up and do things on our own to relax. Some went into the sleeping room, some went up another level to the bar/restaurant. I went back to the suanas. As the day went by, everything just got BAD! Place started to get beyond crowded. The people that showed up were teens or dirty looking rude people. The staff also started getting so rude! One of my girlfriends was in a robe (that she rented) and one of the staff chased her around saying he'll kick her out if she doesn't put on her uniform. DUDE, this isn't boot camp! She rented the robe bc the uniforms were beyond uncomfortable. She thought she could wear the robe around. She had a bathing suit underneath. Not like she was naked! The girl at the juice bar had earphones in while taking orders and was not very inviting at all. She ignored some people bc she couldn't hear (maybe she should take out the headphones and do her job). Locker rooms now became NAKED ZONE! Omg, i was blinded at every step. Bathrooms started getting even yuckier. Pee all over the place. Walking to my locker, ladies were scrubbing their private parts and stuff out in the complete open (not in the shower) but in front of mirrors where people were doing their hair. I don't mind the naked people, but when I say excuse me to try and get to my locker, and you bend over and put your naked butt in front of me, that's where I draw the line. I don't need ur dirty self touching me! OMG, so rude! These people do not care at all. Then I saw some people putting on the uniforms without anything underneath. OMG....WTF! I just look down at my uniform and was like "they better have run this through the washing machine in burning hot water 3x!" The pools became makeout zones. Ugh, sooo much PDA. Get a room. This isn't a love spa. I do not want to see you rubbing up on each other doing god knows what. Suana rooms became so crowded. People open the door and don't even bother closing it making the rooms lose its heat. Everything just started feeling dirty and very disgusting as the day went on. As for drinks, you are only allowed 3 drinks per watch. It's a rule they have. That was fine with me cause I don't really drink. If I go back, it'll have to be extrememly early or during the weekday bc when it gets too crowded, you aren't so relaxed anymore.
I've been to the Spa Castle plenty of times. I love it here, it's always clean. The rice is reasonable. I love the amenitys. If your in the Tri- State you must come here. Cheap Spa getaway. For example, if your going with your friend, each of you should bring no less that $70 . And that'll pay for your admission, food w/t drink &  2 adult adult beverages roughly.
Aparently i cant hug & kiss my girlfriend @ this place, we were kick out with the excuse that we were to close to each other,they dont even gave us a warning, they just kicked us out, i ask to talk to the manager & the securities told me to talk to her the next time that we come back & honestly i found it stupid, they are kicking out my girlfriend & i,& they expecting us to come back, seriusly??? Well so i ask for a refound & the securities texted the manager & she said there were no refounds, so i ask again to talk to the manager & again they told me that i can talk to her the next time that i come back,i think that i had the rigth to talk to the manager to talk about the supostly violation but they always said no,so me & my girlfriend took a flyer to read the policies & see what was our violation,but in none of the policies said that i cant kiss & hug mi girlfriend, well so that was my bad experience @ this place,if ill came back,no thank you, i think i should spend my money were they sees me as a person, & not as animal,so if u coming to this place dont hug or kiss your partner, you will be kick out!!!!!! & if you have a problem @ this save your time for asking for the manager, she or he will never be around. I hope this review can help to someone. Thank you!!!
It's like a mini vacation not too far from home.  The place has gone down over the years.  It's completely overcrowded now and the clientele are just not considerate for the spa experience.  When I first came here several years ago, one of the things I was shocked about is that they allow kids.  Completely fine if they were well behaved, understood spa etiquette, and weren't running around completely unsupervised.  It is nice to be able to spend time as a family here, but teach your kids the etiquette (whisper voices & no running). There truly is nothing like this place anywhere that I know of and I highly recommend going early in the day (like 6AM).  The place is extremely quiet (the way it should be) and not at all crowded.  Once noon hits, forget about finding a place in the sauna and be able to comfortably lie down.  The outdoor rooftop jacuzzi is out of this world.  You would never know that you were in NY when you're up there.  Again, the only time to enjoy this place is early in the day when there is hardly anyone there.  Around 3pm is when the loud, obnoxious, no class trash (that was mean, but true) come out to play.  Can't wait for the one in the Poconos to open up.  Maybe I will be able to give that place 5 stars.
I  was a Korean spa or "jim jil bang" virgin before my trip to Seoul back in 2008. After coming back to the States, all I wanted to do was visit local jjbs! In Korea, entry fees are around $8, sometimes even cheaper. You can get an entire body scrub, massage, facial, shampoo and conditioner for your hair, all for a measly $20. There are a variety of rooms to choose room, all different temperatures including cold rooms and lounges to relax and take naps in. TV rooms, internet rooms, cafes and restaurants. SpaCastle is NOTHING like the Korean jjbs. This location has a few rooms, though all VERY VERY small... It does have a lounge area with individual tvs at every seat, but I think there were only about 10 seats. Yes, it has a outdoor pool, but it's mostly for sitting, not really for swimming since it's very shallow and narrow. It has an indoor pool as well that allows you to swim up to a juice bar and get a smoothie. But unlike Korea, SpaCastle does not sell alcohol of any kind. I was really looking forward to steaming for a while and then grabbing a nice, cold beer. NOPE. Not possible. There are 2 or 3 restaurants, but the food is pretty mediocre and quite expensive. Oh, want to know the entry fee for this place?? Are you sure? You will be shocked... Trust me. $35 on weekdays. $45 on weekends. $95 body scrub with massage (80 mins) $200 for massage, facial, body scrub, shampoo and conditioner (100 mins) NONE of the services fees for massage, body scrub or anything else include entry fee. THAT IS JUST WRONG!!!!!!!!! Not to mention this place is always packed so it's hard to even get into some of the room. Do yourself a favor and do not waste your time here. Not worth it at all.
This use to be my big secret hide out til ny1 told everyone now a lot of kids come and it's always crowded u get a lot for $45 the pool Nd Jacuzzi jets really massage u good to a relaxing state  just go early b4 1 on days kids are in school never go on a sat lol
Spa Castle is everything. It's like Disneyland for adults (with more nudity). There's seriously everything you can want - food, booze, bade pools, saunas, private massage rooms, exercise facility, NAP ROOM . . . like seriously, EVERYTHING. One time I saw a family eating hot dogs in a hot tub: THEY HAVE COMEDY TOO! I have to say the cocktails at the Tonic Bar on the top floor are pretty slammin', and the whole experience will have you hella refreshed. And it seems like they are cracking down on people getting all lovey dovey in the public areas, so that's rad. It's a really fun place to check out with the girls, and bond over some pure, unadulterated nudity. I LOVE SPA CASTLE.
Spa Castle always gets 5 stars from me, I come here @ 3 times a month for many years,, but on my 3 last visits a1 star is to many First the overall cleanliness is not as it has been as clean as in the past, the tiles in the cold pool in the mens only section had slimy green ring around the whole pool The staff in the locker room were rude Garbage and debri on the floor around outside pool and  outside patio area outside of Korean Restaurant The condition of the mens uniforms (larger sizes) are ripped, holes in the crotch and not many available, I couldn't find my size several times The food is always good, but last night we decided to eat from the $12 a pound buffet, bad choice the food must of been out for hours, I asked the cashier if they were putting out new food and she said no (rudely) the hot food was so dried up and looked nasty but  we ate the cold and some of it was bad and just threw it away ($17 worth) and had stomache cramps for the next 3 hours. And to top it all off we paid and went outside to the valet and waited 10-15 minutes and no valet came by, so I went back in and saw the manager and 2 cashiers hanging out at the front desk with no customers and saw a small 3inx5in sing stating to go pick your car up at the parking lot where you drop it off., we walked around  the corner with no lighting and saw 2 valets just sitting and talking.  I believe valet means you drop off and pick up you car at the front door.. Getting $35 or $45 per person plus extra charges they need to get there act together, I used to enjoy coming here and looked forward to my retreat here weekly but now I want to find an alternative and when you comment or complain to them they seem likje they don't care and have a policy on no credits. no refunds, no, no,no,no........................terrible customer service. I can now see why they are not a busy the last few times I was here
I really enjoyed spa castle.  Me and my man spent the whole day there, worked out, I got an excellent massage from Linda and I was feeling great the whole week.  It was freezing outside and we went in the outdoor heated bade pools.  Didn't expect to fall asleep on the heated floor but I did.  Food is good.  Clean.   Tips and taxes are included in the prices.  Crowded like WHOA! on weekends and holidays.
My bf and I came for a relaxing day but this day was anything but that. $50 admission per person. It was chock full of toddlers and kids who were running amok all over the place. There was no escaping the thundering running footsteps of children, doors to saunas being whipped open with a loud clatter, the ice room reaching 46 degrees because of children running in and out without bothering to close the door and playing with ice. Children were reenacting Frozen. The whole atmosphere is that of a busy mall. Food is outrageously expensive... $10 and up for a frozen yogurt, $6-8 for juices/smoothies/bubble tea, they offer cold pastas and things you would find at a deli buffet. Prices start at $12 a pound...the dish alone would weigh almost half a pound I think. It doesn't taste great either.Their spa is also exorbitantly expensive...$290 for a 90 minute massage where you can hear screaming children running around everywhere? Me thinks not. Also, they charge you $2 for a big towel. They seemed to charge for even the tiniest extra thing. The womens locker room wasn't any better. Because of the influx of children and their parents who seem to think the bade pools are their personal Splish Splash, the entire second floor was wet. I had kids splash me repeatedly and their parents give me blank looks when I gave them a dirty look. Is this how kids are growing up lately? Rude as f#$&?! I feel cheated because I didn't pay $50 to be annoyed 95% of the time...I suppose I bear some blame, being Veterans Day...schools are closed. It seems the only thing the staff at Spa Castle is trained to do is say scan here please. There is no reprimanding or rebuke, it's a free for all. What a waste of money. The one star I rated them was for the half hour foot massage I got in an attempt to wind down and relax. Relaxation ended in about 35 minutes. Even during the foot massage, you hear chatter, footsteps, door opening, etc.... But it was a solid massage. Avoid this place on weekends and holidays or any day children aren't in school! I dont think I am coming here.
I know there quite a few positive reviews for this place, but I wish I had gotten a few warning signs before I went to this place. Here are my thoughts: 1) Whats up with the horrendous orange jumpsuit uniforms? I feel like I am in jail - and worst of all I have to keep them on when i'm inside of a 185 degree sauna?! You've got to be kidding me. And no water once you come out. 2) I made an appt for 3 massages...and apparently nobody bothered to write it down, and we were denied any service because they had no availability? No apologies given. 3) The staff can just be a TAD bit friendlier - I dont care for the dirty looks in the locker room. 4) In the womens locker room, there are jacuzzis and a pool - women only - clarification - NO CLOTHES ALLOWED. There's 25% of this place I am not comfortable being in - mostly because of the people I see sitting in these pools - I have NO desire to be clotheless next to them. Maybe its just me or maybe it just looks unsanitary! 5) Foot massage - horrible....do these people get training or what? 6) Too many kids, and loud parents -  not relaxing at all!! On a side note: a woman put her things away in an automatic locker, and her stuff was stolen...the staff didnt even want to help and blamed it all on her. That was just the cherry on top of the sundae! Overall - NEVER EVER going back.
I DIDNT WANT TO LEAVE!!! This place is amazing; cleaner than I thought. My sister and I went here for her birthday and it was a very exciting experience. We went in each sauna (hot and cold); they all had people in there but it was still relaxing.  The saunas offered areas to sit and lay in.  The outdoor pool (hot water of course) was ok but there were many children splashing and I did not really enjoy that.  Some of the jets didn t work.. but that's ok I guess for a large facility.  The saunas, outdoor pool and indoor pools/jacuuzis are included in the admission ($45 on the wknd per person, 35 on a weekday) *slippers were 5 dollars each or else you are barefoot which I dont recommend because its wet hard floors.  Swim-up bar (bars where you can be emerged in water) limits 3 drinks per person and drinks cost about 12 dollars each for cocktails, 7 bucks for a beer.  Now, a huge recommendation is make reservations for a massage! Dont listen  to the operator when they say you dont need to.. me and my sis had to wait 2 hours before a massage because of scheduling..not cool if you have plans later on in the day.. massages are $110/hr (aroma therapy, deep tissue, or hot stone) $75/hr for a shiatsu (open massage floor only). The masseuse was amazing!!  I wish we gotten one early because I thought maybe she was tired at points. Shoo, felt like a 60 dollar massage not 110! LOL!  The nude area is exactly what it is.. nude... lol I tried it out and it felt like bathing with a bunch of different females.  Which I was used to in the Army.. so I was comfortable, but boy not everyone is sexy in the world! (Same sex nude area btw).  We didnt eat there but I think the food ranged from 10-15/per person.  Everything is paid for at the end so you dont need to bring your wallet, but you should bring a camera or your cell phone.  The watch they give you does not tell time! haha.. but youll need to be aware of your appointments! Pros: - Friendly staff. - Hygenic. - Offer Valet Parking. - No hidden fees.. well at least for me! - Nice decor. Cons: - Expensive massages; staff is trained but not as skilled other massage parlors I been to.  Probably due to a lot of customers. -  Children in  the swim up bar??? Ugh...they need an area strictly for kids! - Mostly everything is community oriented.. if you go there with your s/o expect it to feel like a group date!
Depending what you're looking for, Spa Castle is good and not so good. Positives: - Cool, different thing to do a little outside of the city.  They have a few different kinds of sauna rooms, including a "cold" room (not super cold), a fun pool, and some rest areas, massages (pay extra), fitness center, etc - Neat system where you wear a watch that opens and locks your lockers, and also lets you pay for things in the dining area without having to have your credit card on you (you get charged at the end when you get out, the watch thing keeps a tab) - Food is pretty good, a bunch of different options - If you have kids, could be a fun alternative for a half day trip - Nice to have some different sauna options and good if you want a detox kind of day, can easily lie down in many of the rooms Negatives: - Lots of kids running around everywhere, and even the adults are pretty loud.. the sauna rooms aren't really relaxing because people keep coming in and out and talking and taking pics on their phones, etc.  The doors also almost all creak making the coming and going more noticeable - The sleeping and resting areas are also overrun with loud kids and adults - The only free water dispensers have these tiny paper cups that hold about one sip of water, which is annoying and time consuming to hydrate yourself after sweating in a sauna.  You can bring your own water bottle though, and others are available for purchase, but the system they have just seems cheap - Even though I liked the food in the buffet area, the tables and chairs were oddly set up.. the table too low and/or the chairs too high, so it was uncomfortable to sit and eat, you basically had to have your food on your lap or sit on the floor - The pool was cool with lots of different jets and fun things, but half the time the buttons to start the jets didn't work I'd say check it out for a day, but don't expect a luxurious spa experience.  Go into it just looking to try something different and unique in the nyc area.
For a guy, those little day spas in Manhattan aren't really an option for me.  I don't like to sit in a lounge chair with a mud mask and cucumber slices in my eyes while my toenails are getting filed down.  Then I have to walk out within 3 hours for over $200?  Not for me. That's why Spa Castle is perfect for me because for about $75 I have enough things to do under one roof to make a day of it.  I can soak in the male only pools, sweat with the oldies in the saunas, catch some rays in the outside pools, and grab some decent food at meal time.  If I just had a really rough day playing football the day before, I can get a decently priced massage to work out the kinks. Tip: The kids start to take over the place after lunch time on weekends and on school holidays.  If you don't like crowds, take your vacation day strategically.
Sweaty shirtless guy laying down on the matts, loud people talking in the sleep area, kids running around like its a park, over priced food, full valet parking And difficult street parking. I don't see any staff disinfecting things, rude customer service, OMG! So much more negative comments to add. Totally not zen!!
Today was all about me and just appreciating the wonderful gift God has given me these last 35 years. So hence the "me time" day. At first, it was a little difficult finding the new location for the shuttle bus (directions and I don't mix! ). Once we found the van, the driver was very friendly and I sat back to enjoy the ride. The line wasn't long. The staff was friendly and I was excited to see what this place had to offer. I enjoyed the pool for a bit.  Had something to snack on (food was not good. Nachos tasted stale and the corn dog left much to be desired). One thing I can say, the drinks were on point!  My frozen mango margarita was freaking amazing (these folks don't skimp on the alcohol!!) Now here is where I died and went to heaven!  The ladies that explained the services were very personable. We laughed, joked around while completing my paperwork. I signed up for the hot stone massage. I cringed at the price but quickly said to hell with it! My masseuse, Tilden, was freaking awesome! He was very handsome and very friendly. Now his hands, the softest things I ever felt in my life! By the time he was done, I was so ready to propose just so I keep those amazing hands all to myself! OAN, go into the nude area. I did! It was totally freely and for me empowering! Overall, I had an awesome experience. I will definitely visit again. PS:  just my opinion, but I don't think children should be allowed in the nude area. I was unable to just relax and unwind after my amazing massage. Children were jumping in and out of the water, parents were no where to be found. While undressing, this woman had her son (probably 4 or 5) and he just kept staring as I was undressing. That was creepy. The more I ask her to remove her son the more he kept running back (Jesus take the wheel!!) .....hopefully, they will fix that ASAP!
Loved it.   Things I wish I knew/thought of before... Wear a bikini (women).  I spent a lot of time in my bathing suit - and it would be much more comfortable if it was just a bra and small bottoms.  I stupidly wore a tankini with skort.  dumb. Maybe even bring two bathing suits - if you're staying a while.  That way you can get out of one wet suit and not have to put on a wet suit when you go back to one of the public areas Go on a chilly day and enjoy the pools on the roof.  I'd been waiting for it to warm up - but you really don't need warm air - b/c the pools are so warm.  Getting out of the pool and into the cool air is very refreshing. ... I started this review months ago and never finished.   I'll have to go back to get the rest of the review right.
take the advice of everyone else: a. BRING A BATHING SUIT b. BRING YOUR OWN TOWEL (for after final shower towelling off) i went here with my friends because they said they were going - checked it out on yelp and followed their advice. first off when the others say the towels are small - i didnt see what size they were. THE SMALL TOWELS THEY PROVIDE IS AS BIG AS A HAND TOWEL. these small towels are fine when you're just cavorting around in the grounds, and since there's a lot of them (make sure you take them from the shower area before you head off to the pools and the sauna) we got in at about 830pm and didnt get to taste the treats till like 930. FYI A LOT OF THE FOOD WONT BE AVAILABLE BY THEN. there will be limited choices of food at around 9pm (i presume) and the kitchen will close at 10pm - this was a saturday night. i must say, this time is optimal if you dont want kids around you - this is a family spa after all. thank god for bedtime! LOL. the food is okay, and the prices are fine too - i feel that the food prices are about "normal nyc prices" they dont overcharge. its a good place, and the entrance fee is good for the whole day. oh and yes, the locker room is complete nekkidness. private showering does not exist here. suck it up and go. you can always bow your head down and not look at other people. i dont think they are looking at you anyway.
Would give it 5 stars but the screaming children running around & peeing in the showers won't let me.   I have been coming here for a while now and I just can't seem to fully relax anymore.     Located in Whitestone,  and for a fee of $40 (weekdays, I believe its$50 on weekends) you get a wrist band that opens you locker so you may store your clothes, shoes etc & serves as cash to purchase anything inside.  If you are planning on drinking, there is a 3 drink max per band.  Bring id if you plan to drink.  Make sure not to lose your wrist band since you will be charged $50 to replace it.  While inside the locker room, the lady at the counter wil give you a shirt and shorts that everyone must wear while inside unless you are using the pool.  Everyone walks around barefoot but for$5 you can purchase a pair of sandals that are the only pair of footwear accepted to use inside the facility.  You have showers,  heated pools, a cold pool, a chilled pool & a dry sauna in the shower area. This area is ONLY WOMEN.  You may also enjoy a body scrub.  You can make an appt with thebkady at the counter.    1st floor-  Here you can find a small buffet that charges you by the lb.  You can order anything from sushi, burgers, fries,  frozen yogurt,  or coffee.  Prices are $$.  You also have a juice bar, $7.00. Lots of seating. There is also a salon on this level $$$, Couples massage (must make appt bc they get busy) Walk a little further down, you have all the saunas and a cold room.  Saunas are Hottttt!!! Walk upbtge stairs and you have a sleeping area & a hand or foot masssge room. 2nd fl- Bar, some food, outside heated pools, children's pool (ugh) , jacuzzi,  chairs, private massage area.   3rd fl- another bar, fitness center(this might be for members only) more food, more seating. Overall,  this spa is nice & clean but can get very crowded & loud on weekends & can get a bit rowdy.   Hope they improve on that.
I was here with friends for a relaxing day off, totally like the place, we almost spend 5 hours there and had a Korean lunch, it's a little expensive but the food was great. Love all the in door and out door pool, especial the one have the table and chairs that you can sit in there. A little expensive for every weekend, but I won't mind to go every month!
I have been here and spa king.  Spa king was much better.  First of, they don't have uniforms pants bigger than a large for women.  It was truly embarrassing.  I had to ask the manager for one and he said they got rid of their bigger sizes.  Why would you do that?  Why would you collect my 35 dollars at the door knowing you didn't have a pair of pants that fit me.  Bring your own pair of shorts, ladies.   Secondly, they didn't have as many options sauna room options.  The few they had were overcrowded and noisy.   They were out of stock on a lot of things.  It seemed like every dish I ordered or smoothie I wanted was not being served that day.  POOR MANAGEMENT! It seems the main focus of this place are the drunk pools.  Everybody swimming on that floor was drunk of their ass.  What I found sad is a lot of them had their kids with them.  That made me a bit uncomfortable.  A drink or two around a 7 year old is fine.  When you and everyone in your party is so drunk you can barely walk, you might want to leave the kids home. Lastly, the relaxation room with the recliners and tvs didn't live up to the website description either.  The TVs didn't work.  I found most people used this room to sleep off the hangover from the drunk pool. I know I sound like a prude.  I don't mind getting sloshed.  Just felt uncomfortable with all the children around and lack of supervision.  Especially where there are safety issues like a pool.
Complete rip off. Rude staff. Screaming children unsupervised. Bizarre cult like dress code. I'm a member of a gym where I pay $100 a month, it has five times the amenities, including saunas and steam rooms, and with none of the problems.
Is this what South Korea is like?! If so, I want to go to there! Pros: *Free shuttle van from the 7 train that comes every 30 min *$75/hour Shiatsu massage like nothing I've ever experienced IN MY LIFE *Most awesome locker design and payment system EVER! *Kept close to as clean as humanly possible, considering *So many fun things to try! A sauna constructed from gold.. "waterfalls".. Brilliantly designed indoor/outdoor hot tubs and jets and pools and a swim-up bar *Decent vegetarian options (smoothies, sushi, etc.) *Pay the flat fee, stay as long as you want, open til midnight! Cons: *So, so far & out of the way *Everyone barefoot everywhere (Athlete's Foot anyone?), soggy towels and mats and body hair all over the floors *Children everywhere.. including being obnoxiously rowdy in tiny saunas *No steam room?! Seriously?! *Staff function at bare minimum levels of friendliness & helpfulness *They were out of everything I wanted to eat (veggie dumplings, fried rice, steamed corn) and cocktails are $14 *Some of those jets will decapitate you if you're not careful!
Spa Castle has alot of potential and I will have to try it during the week. The location is totally random among residential houses. Cab it or get the shuttle bus. Be warned though that the shuttle bus seating on the way back can be a war. It was a full on sprint once the bus arrived with body holds and blocking, hissing, and tantrums.  Aren't we supposed to be relaxed since we just came from the spa? The women's locker rooms can be confusing. Most of the staff seems intent on yelling though the one young woman at the desk was pretty nice. Take off your shoes immediately or get yelled at. Next try to set up an appointment for a body scrub.  Put your things away and get naked.  Don't be a whiner about it. Everyone else is doing it and chances are you will look better than half the people there with flabby skin.  Squirt off and get in the jet stream hot tubs.  Then bounce out and get in the cold tub. Then hit the sauna and then do it all over again. It can be distracting through to see people brush their teeth and body scrub themselves. Ignore, ignore and think about the chlorine. I like the sauna in the women's locker room. It is pretty peaceful in there and a nice break from the kids splashing around and teenage girl chatter.  Warning, the body scrubs do hurt. But you will be soft afterwards.  Get the body scrub with massage. I was dumb and didn't realized that it was only twenty bucks extra and twice the time. The fitness center is kind of lame-o but I am lame-o for expecting to try to work out when I am at a spa.   It is fun to be outside in the winter in an outdoor pool. The lazy river hottub is fun.  But the other hot tubs are pretty crowded. But the indoor pool is out of control. I was looking forward to the swim up bar  but I was being splashed around all over the place and my pistachio colada did not soothe my ears bleeding from kids screaming. Really the swim up bar should be adults only. People let their kids run wild here. For a break from this, go to the unisex saunas. You can wear your ugly uniforms My fiance and I got tired of the pools because of all the screaming kids. Too bad as he loves pools.  Saunas are fun for me. The salt mineral sauna was my favorite. There is another sauna that is way way hot. Dare you to stay there for ten minutes. Then go and hit the ice room it is refreshing in that it hurts so good way.  The yellow heated floor is like being in your mother's womb. Could fall asleep except for the kids screaming. Took another break and got a manicure.  Not that much more expensive than Manhattan.  Not the most luxurious and it slow but hey you are at Spa Castle. The food and drinks are not too bad. The shrimp dumplings were pretty decent and I liked all the aloe yogurt drinks too. I would come back, but will try again during the week.
I am glad that I read through the last several reviews AFTER visiting spa castle, because I might not have ever gone! I took my boyfriend here for a relaxing date on the recommendation of a friend of mine and will happily return one day! (To avoid the lengthy review, see my summary at the end). This was my first visit so I cannot vouch for the evident decline as others have mentioned. I will say that even from a first-timers prospective, I can tell this place has seen better days. Couches were cracked and ragged, chairs could be reupholstered or replaced, but all in all, the facilities were very clean. I would have given one more star if it wasn't for their lack of control over the environment. Take the kids away and the people loudly chatting away in the saunas where others are trying to relax and it goes up to 4. Staff were not overtly rude, but they were not especially warm either. I suppose we didn't interact with them that much, so maybe that is the key. We DID wait for the shuttle to come on a very snowy day, called several times (even before we left home) leaving messages inquiring about the shuttle. When I finally reached someone she told me the shuttle was not running due to the snow. We, soaked to the bone, grudgingly took the bus and there was absolutely no apology when we arrived. Once we were in though, it was a wonderful place to relax. Seven unique Saunas in "Spa Valley", each with their own purpose. The pool floor was also fun and I think we both enjoyed the outdoor pool in the winter weather, as the snow fell and wind whipped the steam sideways, more than we would in the summer. I was disappointed to find that the pool bar was no longer serving alcoholic drinks. I think at least one cocktail while lounging in the pool would have been nice. I also cannot stress enough that the fact that they allow kids is completely in contrast to a relaxing environment. Toddlers is one thing, but kids on the move, running around, splashing in the pools and giggling and chattering in the saunas... we were lucky that there was just one such pair, but had there been even a handful, I would have been pretty frustrated! Stick to the weekdays when they are in school. Oh, and $14 for a glass of house wine is robbery in this environment. Synopsis: + Very Clean + Multiple Saunas and types of pools + Everyone is in "uniform" + $40 for 6am to midnight use + Plenty of area to lounge/read/sleep/chat - Should not allow kids - Should not allow full conversations in the saunas - a bit rundown - Corndogs at a spa?? - Pretty far out in Flushing          Worth it, but they could do so much better!
I've never been to a spa before until today.  How different it really is.  Lets get started with parking: there is valet parking but I found parking outside on the street.  At the front, you're greeted by the receptionist charging you $35 per person for a Monday.  The first floor is where you can find the saunas varying in temperature.  Upstairs are the indoor and outdoor pools.  For some reason, I thought it was larger but it isn't that big.  However, there is plenty of space to relax.  Here is the part I was not expecting: you have to be complete naked to enter the pool, jacuzzi and showers in the locker rooms.  I've never done that before and yes I was a bit reluctant.  But in the end, it does feel liberating.   Here's a tip: bring your own towel to dry yourself after the pool or else you'll have to rent one.  Also, bring a bag for your wet clothes.
Based off my 1st two visits in 2007, this place would get 5 stars. Based on my visits in the first few months of 2008, it would get 4 stars. Based off my visit a week ago, and going forward, I'm going to start settling on 3 stars. This place used to be absolutely fantastic...and then the damn NYTimes Fashion & Style section just had to run a front-page story on it ("A Funhouse Floating in a Korean Spa," May 11, 2008). Damn it, damn it, damn it! Yet another great find completely ruined by those jerks! Since then the number of kids has skyrocketed. Now, there have always been kids at Spa Castle (formerly called Inspa World). But they were usually Korean kids whose parents were careful to keep them quiet and respected the culture of the saunas. The last time I went, though, there were 5 teenaged douchebags who walked into a sauna and started blabbing while my girlfriend and I were trying to relax and enjoy a little slice of solitude. Even worse than listening to their trashy accents was the food they brought in. Dude, you DON'T EAT IN A SAUNA. Except for water (which I still would disapprove of), there's no food or drink in a sauna. There's a time and place for everything, and a sauna's not meant to be a dining establishment. Then these bozos started to take off their shirts. Great. I really appreciate your man boobs. The number of young'uns is really the primary killer of this place. They scamper in and out of saunas, they're noisy, they leave the goddamn doors open (which rapidly cools down the sauna and defeats the purpose), and they're oblivious to the concept of rest and relaxation. Parents, if you're reading this, please leave your kids at home. I know you want them to enjoy the experience, but it greatly detracts from the peace and quiet that the rest of us are looking for. Instead of a sanctuary for revitalization, it's becoming a circus-like bounce house. Regarding the actual place, they have pretty good facilities and there's little to complain about with regards to their offerings. It's gotten a lot more expensive in the last year (from $30 to $45 for a weekend visit, a 50% increase, again probably thanks to the goddamn NYTimes...arrrrgh!) If you do go, go during off-peak times (really early or really late, like after 4PM, is good, and weekdays are better than weekends). Also, bring a bathing suit if you plan on using the outdoor, heated pools. The entire facility is excellent, and I'm very, very sad that it is infested with crummy kids. Try to go at times when you can avoid them. One of my favorite, but very quirky, things about this establishment is that every sauna houses a geode. I have no idea why they're there (I'm sure it has something to do with some mumbo jumbo positive energy crap), but it's really funny and awesome. That lone merits one star in any review.
I've been coming here for 7 years. It is no longer the wonderful respite it once was. Loud, chaotic, kids in the whirlpool in blowup loungers, people eating wings in the pool, people slopping drinks into the pool, overburdened and annoyed staff, patrons holding the doors open in the saunas.... Just awful. I will never return and I'll be telling all my friends about my horrible experience. So so disappointing.
Went there recently 6/16/2014 a Monday around 4. My daughter who is 23 said she had been there several times ans suggested that my wife and i go with here. So we did. The place is large parking scattered about on the street but they do offer valet, which I skipped. Paid $40 each to get in...ok I knew that. The place is clean well kept, they tend to over police their patrons. It wasnt really crowded. I was hungry so upstairs theres a place that offers(sells) steamed dumplings veg or shrimp. Picked up my food and sat down but not before having to clean the table as many patrons just get up and leave their garbage. Took a bite out of the veg dumpling....it was the most awful tasting crap I had ever tasted...so I thought until I tried the shrimp....holy sh*t how can something so simple go sooooooo wrong. Then I inquired with the server who admitted they sit there for quite some time just steaming away. Reminds me of fish scented play-doh. The inside jacuzzi was nice until I saw that large mysterious, dirty floating sudsy thing in the water. I skipped that too. Now dont get me wrong I am not knocking this place, it just needs some attention, I would go back just for the saunas. I would have to agree that there are some very ghetto fabulous pinheads here from many nationalities. The outdoor pool had some rather large "sistas" in there who had very little etiquette. And well my Hispanic brothers, with the over the top machismo with your loud chicas Tone it down...people are here to relax. It was annoying when I was in the sauna and there is loud talking and people on their phones and taking pictures. Even my daughter said "wow, this is not how I remember it". Then around 5:15-5:30 it seemed like a school bus must have just unloaded an army of screaming kids, and a second bus of clueless parents. I have grown kids, I know how to manage kids. These brainless wonders maybe had a good idea to bring little Johnny and Sharkeesha for a relaxing day, but the truth is if you dont have control over them at home , you really wont have control here.... ditch the kids with a sitter or dad and come alone and r.e.l.a.x. thats what is all about Websters: : a place where water that has many minerals in it comes up naturally from the ground and where people go to improve their health by swimming in, bathing in, or drinking the water : a place where people go to improve their health and appearance by exercising, relaxing, etc. : a bathtub in which a pump causes hot water and air bubbles to move around your body Have to agree with HL. and Tessie B.   this place is a zoo, get rid of the kids and get REAL food with flavor... you stand a chance
I love love love spa castle ! How I love it let me count the ways 1) $35 on weekdays and so much more quiet I've been on a Saturday $45 and it was very crowded . 2)Very Clean +++ 3)After all the Sauna's ,Bade Pools etc..you will feel so relaxed. 4) Yummy Korean food I had bee bim bop one time and a turkey burger fries and cheese steak my Mom and Sis shared theirs with me and the frozen yogurt with fruit and choc sauce on a waffle was good too. 5)My fave was the water that pours on your head ,shoulders and back while you sit on the seat out side after going a few rounds with that I felt as if someone had given me a great massage the water pressure is so strong at one point I thought someone was tapping me hard on my shoulder lol 6) The second visit was the Best as i had did some research on Korean Spa's (Jjimjilbang) and learned some cool stuff about the order in which you go from hot to cold pools and such it's worth a quick google because if you have never been before you get a heads up on what to expect ( I was shocked to see so many kids on the first visit on the Saturday i did not know it was a family thing ) as well how to maximize your experience ie hot,cold ,hot. 7)
I've been to Spa Castle for different special events to spoil myself or my loved ones for birthdays or just to break the sad cold wintry blues/monotony that it's easy to fall into here in NYC. There are many many temperatures and styles of pools, whirlpools, saunas and showers, options for skin treatments, massage, food, drinks, etc. It's very futuristic and stimulating and very different from what most people think of when they think of "Spa"--It's a bit of an amusement park during busy times with families and holidays. I highly recommend going on a weekday with just one or two close friends or significant other and spending a slow day doing exactly what you want with all the choices you're given. It can get expensive adding things here and there on top of the regular admission price but, it is a very special and specific place to be used sparingly. It's a hike to get to wherever you live so, keep that in mind when you plan your day too. You may want to just fall asleep afterward. Spoil yourself and try something new !
Came here with a few girl friends over the summer cuz they had this spa deal where you can spend a whole day there for $39 with full access to thier pools, sundeck, saunas, and gym room.... The place is very nice in terms of design and cleaniness: super clean, they will nazi-hunt you down for wearing shoes, they give you clean uniform to change into while your on the premises, you can;t even pee in there without someone wiping your a$$ for you...ok ok J/K but they are huge on being clean there... The saunas: A+ - various diff rooms with cold sauna, hot sauna, and then volcano temp. sauna! Pool: 3 pools, not huge but good enough for splashing around and tanning But here is what bothered me and it may be because I'm just not into having lil kids everywhere and lil krn ladies running after me yelling at me for dripping water on the floor when getting out of the pool! I mean duhhh I just got out the pool of course I will be wet and dripping!!!! I don't think I will be frequenting this place again.
Went to Spa Castle for the FIRST TIME, and here are my tips: 1.  Bring your own bath towel for the shower, and wraparound beach towel for the pool.  They only provide hand towels (half the size of the towels they provide at the gym for the shower, and you have to pay for the wraparound beach towel (I think it was $2 each) 2.  Bring your own bottle of water.  There is a water cooler at the entrance of the nude showering/jacuzzi area for women, and there are only small paper envelopes out of which to drink the water (this is environmentally friendly Korean style - they are like gratuity envelopes without the flap).  You are going to want to keep hydrated while you go through the saunas and everything else. 3.  Bring your own socks.  Otherwise, you have to go barefoot through the whole spa since shoes are not allowed or purchase Spa Castle slippers.  You particularly want socks while you go to the bathroom (it was not pleasant going there barefoot). I am absolutely not a misanthrope but I like my spa time to be relaxing, and all the reviewers who wrote about how it is on the weekend are right.   During the weekend, it is like going to the spa with everyone on the subway (all races and ages - great, but crying babies, shrieking children, rude people, ignorant, racist people, PDA from horny couples, dumb teenagers, people who don't read signs nor adhere to rules).   Examples:  there is a sleeping area (dimly lit, each lounge chair with its own TV) and there were people who, although surrounded by sleeping people in the dark, proceeded to talk and cackle loudly.  In the same sleeping area, a guy emitting noxious gas.  In the ondolbang section with the heated floor (also a sleeping section), a woman who brings her chatty three year old and proceeds to clip the youngster's fingernails, and next to her was a couple who practically started to dry hump.  In the nude showering section, women who I saw enter the jacuzzis without showering first, and gads of shrieking teenagers making comments about nude women.  We had to dodge running children up to age *5*, whose mothers brought them into the ladies' section. Some of the signs will back up my point about people lacking basic common sense  - in the sleeping section, the management actually had to put up a sign stating that only one person can lie on a lounge chair, presumably because of issues with hormonal couples. I like spas to get away, but at Spa World, you will be there with some of the things you wanted to get away from.
Traditional korean spa. I like it more than kings spa. With that opening, yhe review should be like 4 stars right? WRONG Points are taken off for false advertisement. Everywhere, including the staff, says they close at 2am. I brought my 2 korean media friends at 11 pm thinking we still have a decent amt of time.... WRONG. They started closing everything at 12. By 1am we were kicked out. 1:30, all the staff are already outside leaving. We didn't even get to shower!! Fucking bullshit. If they close at 12 they should just state so. Waste of $40 x 3!
Hands-down (pun intended) a relaxing day spa experience! Upon paying admission, guys and gals go into separate locker room areas so I can only share my experience in the gal locker room. Yes, you are required to be completely naked when you proceed to the bathhouse (after you've stored away your clothes and other belongings safely in a locker). Some people may be shy and self-conscious about the nudity at first, but ladies... I'm telling you, there are women of all ages of all shapes of all sizes here. Seen one, seen them all. Nobody is looking at you and no one cares what you look like, seriously. Just relax and have an enjoyable time. For me, I pretty much beeline to these three spots when I'm there: 1. First floor - Bathhouse: Sweat it out inside the steam room and rinse under an ice-cold shower. Then go for a full bodyscrub (which also includes shampoo, a freshly-grated cucumber mask for the face, and a nice back and shoulder rubdown/kneading). I feel ssooooooo clean + revived after the bodyscrub and my skin feels baby soft. 2. Fourth floor - Cafeteria: I really like the Yuk Gae Jang here a lot. There are other traditional Korean food served in the cafeteria as well, all around the same price ($10-ish). I balked the first time I saw the prices on the menu, but the serving is relatively generous and the soup really hit the spot for me so I made peace. (Wiki: Yukgaejang is a spicy, soup-like Korean dish made from shredded beef with scallions and other ingredients, which are simmered together for a long time. It is a variety of gomguk, or thick soup, which was formerly served in Korean royal court cuisine. It is believed to be healthful and is popular due to its hot and spicy nature. In addition to shredded beef, scallions, and water, the dish generally also includes bean sprouts, gosari (bracken fern), torandae (taro stems), sliced onion, chili powder, garlic, soy sauce, oil (sesame oil and/or vegetable oil), black pepper, salt, and sugar. Chili oil may also be used.Yukgaejang is generally served with a bowl of rice and kimchi.) 3. Second floor - Saunas: For the rest of my visit, I pretty much pass out in the sauna rooms. I don't bother with the outdoor pool area anymore, because it's usually mad packed with kids swimming and splashing around. I'm fine soaking in one of the hot tubs downstairs (locker/bathhouse level) coz it's quieter and more relaxing for me. I have tried the facial before and it was very nice. A tad pricey though, in comparison to my usual facial place in Flushing ($65-ish) so I'll just stick to my usual, thank you. All in all, admission +  lunch + bodyscrub + snack  = sets me back to about $150 per visit. Not too bad, because I feel very DETOXIFIED when I leave Spa Castle. (And I have smooth and soft freshly-mottled skin, yeay!)
My boyfriend and I decided to go this past Sunday, July 24th since a friend of mine had given me a $100 gift card. Okay let me begin by saying that this place should not be called "Spa Castle" b/c that would suggest it is a place where you can relax and have plenty to relax in , such as big enough pools and jacuzzis perhaps?! : / Not the case at all! First off, it is ridiculoulsy expensive for what it is. The entrance fee on the weekend is $45 per person and that includes just about nothing other than having to wear school girl/boy uniforms and deal with an unhelpful staff that don't explain anything to you when you enter w/ re: to the lockers, showers, etc. My boyfriend unknowingly purchased "spa castle sandals" b/c the employee who intitally "assisted" him  told him he had too, only to learn once he met up with me upstairs that he could've walked barefoot. My boyfriend went back down to explain that he didn't need them, only to have deal with another employee (b/c the idiot who made him buy the ugly blue sandals was no longer there) tell him he couldn't return them anymore. Second, the weekends seems to be crazy overpacked. The day we went- insane! When we first made our way to the  second floor w/ the pool/jacuzzis  we couldn't believe how little room there was to move, let alone enjoy the pool. I had the impression there was a large pool where you could swim and/or relax. No such thing. The area they have as a pool has different jets throughout it. Luckily after bringing ourselves back into reality after our initial shock at how crazy this place was (and crazy not in a good way!), my boyfriend and I made our way into the pool and found two free areas w/ jets. The "indoor pool" is nothing more than a very small area that includes full body pressure jets where you can somewhat lay down but nothing major. (didnt even try it- wasn't appealing at all) The only thing  we truly enjoyed from Spa castle was its "hinoki bath" that makes you feel like you're in the woords. The hot tub was actually the only place that was relaxing and somewhat blocked off from the rest of the madness that goes on there. Re: the food and drinks, we both ordered the chicken sandwhich and fries ( each $10), which was surprisingly very good. Now as for drinks, my boyfriend ordered two frosty drinks. Mine was non alcoholic , his was. (mine - $8; his- $12). His drink wasn't anything amazing and we couldn't believe it was more than his meal.   Now re: the children overtaking spa castle lol... I have to say that they honestly were our entertainment there ( as we were horrified as to what a crap hole this place was). They were annoying but actually really hysterical as they took the jets (that are high pressure to massage your upper back) and pointed them at different people (none that they knew- us included) simply because they could. We had to laugh and enjoy ourselves at this point and so we did. We knew to expect children there b/c of the reviews and well b/c it says they allow them on their website. I agree that if they want to call themselves a spa they should not allow children, however people honestly shouldn't be annoyed nor surprised children are there b/c the website clearly states an entrance fee for kids and mentions a kiddie pool (although they pretty much go everywhere lol). This place should be called a waterpark for families as that's who mainly were there. And in fact, their shuttle states waterpark on its van. Re: the shuttle we did not experience difficulty with it. Our shuttle was there on time to take us to Spa Castle and on time at the end of the night to bring us back to Flushing Main Street. Honestly, we had a good time b/c my boyfriend and I made the best of it and b/c it didn't hurt our pockets as much since we pd a huge chunk of it w/ the giftcard I had , otherwise I would have been furious we had gone there. It truly is a rip off and expected much more from this place. Maybe its better in the week, don't know, but we won't be going back unless we get a ridiculous discount.
This is an updated review that I believe the new management in charge of Spa Castle deserve. I spoke with one of the employees and he confirmed my suspicions, that earlier this year new management took over. First, come early. My wife and I always come early and it pays off. Having the baths to yourself or only sharing with a few people is a nice experience, and very relaxing if you are like me and treat the bathing process like a ritual. We no longer drive here, but instead take a taxi from flushing, which is a non issue in the early morning. To reiterate, come early. Second, they have overhauled the staff to the way it was a couple years back. Huge improvement, much kinder. Third, and I am sure some of you will disagree with this, I am glad they brought the drinks back, and reduced the alcohol content. I like to share a Miami vice with my wife, it is just part of our relaxation process. We don't like to drink a lot but it is nice to have a little something. Fourth, it is cleaner, but that has never really been an issue in my opinion, but I have never seen any issues with the pools, baths, or floors, and most people are polite. I cannot fault spa castle for the actions of the patrons, but sometimes you just can't get away from people being jackasses. I am thankful that the staff enforces the rules that keeps the place clean, like no bathing suits in the first floor baths and no outside footwear anywhere in the building. It seems to me some of the especially negative reviews come from people who it seems never even came here. I am being honest and forthright about my experience, and I hope this review lends an insight to what this place is actually like now that it has turned around for the better. Also, please don't complain about the no outside footwear, it is to keep the floors clean. Your sandals and flip flops have things you don't even want to think about on them from the filthy streets and sidewalks. Plus you are supposed to bathe and clean yourself before going upstairs. Anyway, I hope this sheds light on the improved spa castle experience!
I went on a weekday and it wasn't to crowded but as the day went on it did. I wasn't thrilled about having to go totally nude in the baths, it was in the ladies locker room and they have about 5 pools ranging from cold to very hot. Body scrubs are also preformed in the common area and not private, you can pay extra for a private room. You get a uniform to wear which is a tee shirt and shorts and must be worn when walking about. All over experience was great, would have been 5 stars but I couldnt utilize the pools since I'm not comfortable without my swim wear.
facilities are nice but the overall attitude of the people working there and overpricing of food (and who charges for a second uniform? the first uniform they gave me was falling off) ruined it for me. the piss smell and urine on the floor of the bathrooms was pretty unnerving. good luck finding peace of mind here! from the nasty attitude i got from the front clerk to the rude women working inside... i wouldnt be going back. maybe the pennsylvania one is better?
I came here with 6 friends  to celebrate  my birthday  on Aug 9th 2014. This was my second  time  here and they all loved it. It was a lot of their first times and they were so thankful I invited  them, so excited that they all bought the living social deal that came out about a week after we went. You can easily  stay here all day. We came at noon and couldn't  believe that we were leaving at 8pm. Basically  a day of work. I am definitely  going back to use my deal because I bought two myself.
I've been wanting to go for a year now-   Why go to spa castle? -To soak outside in a giant hot-tub in winter and look up at LED lights play against a starry night. -To do this after enjoying 2 swim up blended rum drinks. -To lay on woven mats in a hot jade encrusted sauna. -To enjoy glass tiled jetted underwater chairs Tips -In the winter, spend 4 dollars and rent a white robe for coming to and from the frosty outside pools. - Don't get too frisky or a Korean employee will come put the block on you (we saw a couple get told off- which was awkward but it was done in a non judgmental efficient manner) -Take any self medicating substances before you arrive, there is a security checkpoint.
never have i felt more comfortable as a woman... no jk. this was my first korean bath house - spa experience.  i went with three female co-workers.  stupid us, we were not aware of the first floor gender segregated nude baths.  but guess what, we ended up loving the first floor the best out of the entire building.   the only relaxing part of spa castle was the small sauna on the first floor on your way upstairs.  i figure most people miss it and so it stayed empty while we used it.  however, as soon as you go to the other floors it's a lot of little kids and families running around and general buzzing. i enjoyed the experience as a whole, but walked out of there with a headache. if you go, check out their cigarette depositories outside the spa because i know i felt like i needed one afterward.   there were some questionable moments where we saw some women hugging the water jets for too long.  sadly this is true.   i am probably not coming back.. but i still pass on the legend of spa castle to all my friends.  I'm sure it's better on a weekday morning.   it's just too noisy on weekends but i appreciate the idea.
Just got back from the spa.Had a good time.Very clean. Got there about 10 am not crowded at all but when leaving at 12pm there were huge lines waiting to get in. If you wanna go in the nude there's a section for the men and ond one for the women.
Relaxing spa and good food.  I've been twice and enjoyed it each time.  Negatives:  way too crowded, even on weekdays---don't kids go to school anymore?  And a bit expensive.  If you go, you'll have a great day, but you'll pay for it!
If You Survive the Rude Staff at Reception, You'll NEED to Relax, but You'll Love This Place... It sucks that I had to give this place only 3 stars, but it is SOLELY due to the lack of customer care at the reception desk.  Managers, please take note. I went yesterday with my boyfriend.  For my first time here, it was an overwhelming experience to walk in the door, be asked if we want a day pass, then be thrown two watch-like things that are different colors and not be told what they are for or who wears which watch.  (Turns out, they are the electronic keys for opening your shoe locker and your large locker.)   When we tell the receptionist that this is our first time here, she doesn't care.  She has already said "Next" to the people behind us.  She curtly directs us to our respective locker rooms and tells us someone else will help us once we go in.  NOT TRUE. I walked in and wandered around, only to discover that my key was actually for the men's locker room.  Another receptionist comes in with the correct key for me and I exchange it and treats me like I'm stupid.  I told her that it would have helped if they would have simply asked us "HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TO SPA CASTLE BEFORE?" when we walked in the door...Such a simple thing to do and would have taken her only 30 more seconds to explain. Apparently, she was rude to my boyfriend when he had discovered he had the wrong key and when he asked her if she could go in after me, she just said, "She'll figure it out."  Nice... By now, I need a freakin' massage... I find my locker, but I'm not quite sure how to use it, so a sweet woman from the CLEANING STAFF comes to help me through the process.  She tells me where to get the uniform and everything else I need and how to go up to the cafe/sauna/unisex area.   Once my boyfriend and I sit for a second and enjoy the food and CALM DOWN from our respective horrible reception/locker room experiences, we actually take a look around and I must say...Despite the HORRIBLE reception, the facilities are TOP NOTCH.   If you are looking for a spa retreat, it's NOT that.  It is more like a family friendly, though more slanted toward adults, playground...I especially loved the pools and the saunas.   My boyfriend and I decide to get a drink at one of the pools.  It was a pretty neat thing to be able to get a drink and sit in a giant jacuzzi with little ledges to set your drinks on... GUESS WHAT?  Reception didn't mention that you NEED TO PRESENT YOUR ID AT CHECK-IN SO YOU CAN GET A BAND FOR DRINKING ON THE PREMISES.   We ask the bartender if he gets the brunt of people's frustration because reception is so incompetent and he says it happens more than he would care to admit.  By the way, the bartenders are awesome and should not have to deal with the incompetence of the reception area. We go back down to reception with our ID's (in our bare feet, mind you...) and they issue us a wrist band. We return to the bar and we get pistachio coladas.  THEY ARE AWESOME AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM! The rest of the day we spent playing in the pools (both the inside and outside pools were refreshing), going to the saunas (the Jade Sauna was my favorite), and we both got foot massages, which were pretty great, though I would have loved to have calming music playing or something.  All I could hear was the staff talking to each other.   SO, Long story short...I will come back again, but reception really soured what could have been an all-around amazing experience.  There needs to be some serious staff training.  If you don't want to work with people, then don't become a receptionist.   (And I think the worst offenders are the ones who have worked there longest.)
DISCLAIMER: Foul language is in abundance for this update Damn, Damn, Damn. Like I mentioned before, I was being generous giving this place a 4 out of 5. After visiting a few times, I had to render my final judgement for this score and I'll get into detail for why I give it this rating BUT I also want to touch on some pros before I shit all over this establishment. Don't get me wrong, I do LIKE this place a lot and the saunas, hot tubs, jet streams and all will make you feel like a new person. The saunas vary in temperature, feel different and will certainly detox you. The hot tubs and bubbly jet streams are nice but can be better. The place looks nice, feels nice and relaxing and CAN be a great place to relax. Now on to whats made me lower the score. After my most recent visits, I've seen a decline at Spa Castle and an incline on a disgusting, hideous demographic. As the G.R.A or Ghetto Ratchet Army (as I like to call them and of ANY and ALL races for the sensitive and politically correct) become more informed of this place, the more Spa Castle seems to be flooded with ratchet, ghetto, behemoth clientele who don't know how to act. Spa Castle used to be a decent place to have a small "get away" from the city and such untamed animals but now when I go to Spa Castle I feel as if I'm in an aquarium, sharing the waters with wild beluga whales, fat violent killer whales or I'm in the Bronx Zoo in a cage with wild gorillas, apes, tigers, lions and bears (oh my). This place has gone downhill with its demographic and for me, its a big turn off. As the weather gets hotter, its gets worse. For the GRA this is the closest they'll come to an oasis and paradise and they obviously don't believe in relaxation, tranquility and peace. They want to be loud, obnoxious, get drunk, and try to "holla at the shawties" and the dumb ghetto bitches come here thinking they're hot shit when they come together with their gurls. Besides the GRA; FUCK THE KIDS. This place isn't for fucking kids. Fuck the kiddie pool and turn that into a bigger jacuzzi or something. Why bring kids here? 95% of them don't go into the sauna and for the amount of money spent on bringing kids here you can take them to a water park or something. Seriously, kids don't belong here, fuck them. They're too loud, annoying, obnoxious, dirty and fuck everything up. Other complaints: -While this place is clean they can do some work. There's paint chips falling off certain areas, people leave their drinks and food all over the place, the sanitation has simply downgraded a little bit. -It went from 35 to 40 on weekdays and 50 for weekends. NOT a big deal and I think its fair for what you get but this place is falling off with its services. -Drinks are too damn expensive, in cheap, flimsy plastic cups, limited variety and they suck. Don't waste your money. -I think the food is good but TOO damn expensive. 12 dollars for a burger? No thanks. Save your money and eat at Flushing or bring your own stuff. -Unless you want to enlist with the GRA, DO NOT come during the summer and warmer, hotter weather. Pretend Spa Castle doesn't exist during that time. -A lot of things aren't working like they were. A lot of the water pumps and jet streams haven't been fixed since I've been going. This place is a 4 out of 5 IF: -You come during the cold weather (fall and winter) and its actually better to come during that time anyway, trust me. -Come before 11am-12PM or after 7PM (during the hot weather) Other stuff: -The pool is stupid. Come here if you really want to utilize everything else. I'd rather go to a water park or a free NYC pool if I want to be in 3 feet all around. I enjoy this place, the saunas, hot tubs and amenities and when its not infiltrated by the GRA, it can be a very nice experience and relaxing place. I love acting a fool but unlike the GRA, I understand there's a time and place for everything and during the summer you can forgot about having any real quiet time. Again, I want to reiterate that I want to keep this place a 4 since its in my borough of Queens but I guess its something like this: 2 during the summer, 4 during the cold months. Come during the cold months, since the whole point is to be hot when its cold anyway. If you want to get a tan, be next to a pool and all that summer stuff you can easily find better options, and for FREE. Don't spend 40 or 50 to be trashed by trash.
I went to Spa Castle for the first time on President's Day, a day that I can safely assume was not one of the better days to go.  Soon after I stepped out of the men's changing room into the main co-ed area of the spa, I was struck by a stark contradiction.  On the one hand the area was designed for serenity - soothing colors, calm ambient music in the background.  On the other hand the place was swarming with people; small children running around, teenagers sitting next to me having audible, banal conversations..  It felt more like Disney World, or an overcrowded water park, than a place to go to get some peace of mind. There were other things that were nice about the place, other things that were not so nice.  But I won't go into the details. While my experience was more like 2-stars, I give one extra star because I could imagine that the place would be a lot more pleasant to go on a weekday when the crowds aren't there, in addition to being $10 cheaper.  I would consider going back on a weekday; but on a weekend or holiday, forget about it.
Great Spa I had a wonderful experience. Note before visit the most relaxing area was the females only nude indoor pools and steam rooms. Prepare to get nude if you want to stay away from families and little rug rats..lol They should ban children it would get 5 STARS!..lol I have a young one myself but not sure if care to bring her here.  I thought there would be a big swimming pool to actually swim. that's not the case. It's a small area for just being in the pool no swimming and that's where most of the children are!! This is one of the reasons I came out my shell and went all nude and had a relaxing time inside!  I was treated to a massage for my birthday the Aroma Therapy and it was great! The food was pretty good at least my meal was and I spent 12 bux on sushi shrimp tempora.  Salad bar is 12 a pound!..lol but you  do what you have to do and enjoy! I would recommend to a friend and I would go back.  ENJOY!
Just went Saturday with my nine yr old and our BFF's had a great time , kids had a good time chilling out, tried the buffalo and fried wing and fries just ok greasy fries all together $30.50 with one bottle of soda eat before you go I suggest!! The spa was clean not too crowded for a Sat, plenty of lockers we had a great stay and if you wanted to chill out you could will go back soon without the kids
OK, dudes, the only reason this place gets a star is 'cause it actually had sauna rooms, which were quite decent, but not quite quiet. I don't know about  you all, but I go to the spa after a long week at work, to unwind - there's nothing like cold sweat pouring down your hot body as it melts on the mat at a Korean Spa.  It just drains all the toxins and with it the stress that is our daily existence. However, when you try to sleep in the SLEEPING AREA at Inspa World and all you hear is laughter and screaming, and your head practically bops up and down from all the feet running around this very same SLEEPING AREA, that, my friends, is not a good way to relax. But the sleeping area must be a joke, of course, squeezed in between the "restaurant row" and a few armchairs. It seems most people go on the weekend, and who can blame them. Nor do I blame the kids for existing and doing what kids do - running around, playing, bringing sticky drinks into saunas and sleeping rooms and screaming on top of their lungs.  I do, however, have a problem with how this place is run - no one says anything to them, despite the "QUIET PLEASE" signs and the "NO DRINKS ALLOWED" signs, which were probably designed for a reason.  Or are they just there for decoration? So needless to say, I was NOT able to relax, more of the opposite.  Was I wrong to expect a relaxing atmosphere in a sauna?  I hadn't realized I was actually on someone else's playground, intruding on their play time and paying $30 for it too. When I ordered my bing soo, the arrogant (choose a noun of your liking) who was making it, stuck his bare hand into a bowl of mochi and threw some on my dessert, directly after loading some eggs onto a plate, which he touched with the same bare hands.  After I protested, he acted like I was crazy and after shrugging me off, threw the mochi out of my dish and tried handing me that very same bing soo.  Long story short - as it did not stop there, I am either extremely anal, or happened upon a place I had mistaken for a nice place to relax and unwind. NEVER - and I mean NEVER again.  I have been going to King Spa Sauna in NJ, which has exactly what I need and cheaper too... Ahhhhh...
yeah, i know these reviews try to warn you about how naked this place is but it doesn't really hit you until you get there. i guess some people just LOVE to be naked (to the point where i saw people blow drying their hair naked, chatting it up naked, applying facemasks and chillin on the couches naked. naked naked naked). it was a little much. and yes, as the reviewer below me said, i can't believe they don't let you in the mineral baths with a suit on. there are no signs that i could see on the doors leading in that said that you MUST be naked, but some lady decided to call me out on wearing a suit anyway. way to make it awkward, lady. i was with a friend and we decided to just go with it and get naked as long as we swore not to make eye contact or look at each other. it was liberating, for sure. but yeah, awkwardddd. i opted for an additional 60 minute, $90 private room "swedish" massage. it's in quotes because it's not swedish. more "kore-dish" if you ask me. the lady masseuse came in the room, asked me to take off my shirt (NAKED AGAIN) while she was still there, then proceeded to jump on my back and karate chop me robotically while she left a cold bottle of lotion leaning up on me. the room was too well-lit and i was so aware of the massage because of how aggressive it was. after about 10 minutes of this i finally asked her to go easy, which i hate doing because then they barely apply any pressure because they think you are a delicate flower, and it was a little bit better. prepare to get cracked, pulled, and pushed a lot. not worth the money. enjoy your time someplace else in there! also, they were doing construction. and it was loud. VERY LOUD. all day. this is not the norm so no points off for that i guess. anyway, i'm still giving this place a good review because it is heaven. go there on a weekday, like others have said, as much time before 5pm as possible. we got there at noon and stayed till 7 and it was perfect. the food is pricey but delicious. the saunas are just amazing. they look so cool on the inside and outside. never seen anything so authentic in the states. the indoor pools upstairs were also amazing but beware -- all of the tvs are programmed to mtv, which i loved, but i could see my mom probably not enjoying teen mom while she soaked. there is a lot to explore and discover -- this place is huge. i never felt like i had to wait in line for anything or that it was too crowded until about 5 or 6pm. definitely going back with the fiance and NOT a girlfriend. just don't want to see my friends naked. other, strange women are fine i guess. but i don't know about going for a naked swim in a well lit room with a friend. just call me american i guess.
Before stepping into Spa Castle, prepare to surrender yourself to the mercy of the spa Gods, because Spa Castle will turn you into a brand new person. Upon entering, you pay the admission fee ($45 on weekends, $35 weekdays), get a watch looking locker key, put your shoes away, and change into your uniform. From there on, its whatever you make it. The reason I fell so deeply in love with Spa Castle was because of its great array of saunas and pools, so I was NEVER BORED. On the main level, they have a mini food bar and a drink bar (smoothies and juice) and all the 7 saunas plus a ice room. My absolute favorite is the Salt sauna. Read the plaques before entering each sauna so that you understand what the sauna is good for. After staying in the gold sauna for 20 minutes, I put on my face mask, and head to the sub level where there is a sleeping room(resting room) and massage room. They have a ton of facials, scrubs, massages, and more, but I wouldn't recommend them because they're so Goddamn expensive. And then comes the 3rd level, my favorite, the pools, and OUTDOOR POOL OPEN IN THE WINTER. Yes, you heard me, it was SNOWING, and I was in the pool. Greatest. experience. ever. 2 pool, a sauna, and jacuzzi, all outside! The very top level includes the bar and another eatery. I believe it was Korean judging from the Bimbimap; seemed decent. The food on the main level was way too overpriced for its taste. It was cold and average, but it was the only thing available obviously. Spa Castle is overall incredible and amazing and its a must go.Bring some face masks or cleansing strips if you like that kind of stuff :) GO EARLY SO THAT YOU CAN TAKE ADVANTAGE OF EVERYTHING THEY HAVE TO OFFER!
I love Spa Castle. At $35 for an all-day pass, it's an affordable way to pamper yourself. There are many different saunas, and I really like the all-women's area just outside the locker room. One of my fave parts is the outdoor water pool, followed by the hot tub. I typically go during the week, so I've never dealt with any major overcrowding issues, although I'm sure it can get pretty hectic during the weekend. The sushi is surprisingly good (albeit expensive), and the bars are also way overpriced, but whatever. The boyfriend and I like coming here when the weather is crappy. We spend a few enjoyable hours and leave feeling relaxed and peaceful.
Best part: All you have to bring is a bathing suit and a towel.      Everyone wears a uniform and is bear footed.        The provided lockers seem pretty secure.       Free valet parking               Worst part: The Food was terrible (tasted like cheap frozen food)       Naked ppl in the locker room (I guess that's not their fault)       The jacuzzi water wasn't as hot as I expected       There is no steam room ( It's just another sauna)
I  have used Spa Castle since establishment. The Spa was great few years ago but it is one of the worst spa in NYC now. I got some bad experiences on 8/8/14. 1. There is no towel near tubs. I had to get it from the counter. I think they want to save the towels(money) but It is very inconvenience. 2. The pool (the top of the b/d) was very dirty. There were a lot of big dirty bubble on the water. 3. Very bad smell in the locker room of the pool. 4. Poor quality of Koran food- cold spicy noodle and spicy pork w/ rice. 5. Bad customer services - need more manpower and education. The reason that I gave 2 stars is good massage and fresh juice. I won't come back again for a while.
Disclaimer: If you're not comfortable with the human form in all its naked glory both yours or others, save yourself the feeling of extreme discomfort and avoid this place at all cost. As many people have mentioned before, yes they put you in uniforms and make you walk around carrying a wristband to remind you that you're in quite the high security penitentiary that spas are known to be, of course. Staff speaks very little english which can get soo frustrating when you've never been there before and have no idea why they're shoving tiny hand towels, uniforms and keys to you.  In fact it's such a deception because they have English speaking people to take your money, but once inside nobody knows what you're talking about. The eight of us were like the blind leading the blind. Men and women are kept in separate bathing areas. I never knew Asians were so comfortable with nudity before, my friends and I kept trying to strategically cover ourselves with these two pathetic pieces of towel they handed us. I gave up after awhile and just let it all hang out. You do kind of get used to it, but some of my friends never did recover from the experience. The pools on the roof are a joke. First you can't swim in it, it's neither deep enough or big enough. I don't even know what the point of the pool really is. Secondly, you can't even sit on the edge of the pool without someone screaming at you like you're a 5 year old child. You can't lay out to tan, people are selfish and lay their towels out on beach chairs they don't use. You have to place a $20 deposit in order to rent a beach towel. Hot dogs cost like $5 or something. All in all, I can hands down say this was the most stressful spa experience I've ever had in my life! I'd never go back and couldn't recommend it to anyone I cared about.
I got super excited when I heard about this place, then super disappointed when I read all the bad reviews, then super excited again when I decided to try it and actually went there.  I can understand that it probably sucks on weekends when it's crowded, but I went on a Monday night and it was great.  Because I sometimes have anxiety when I don't know what to do at new places, I'll give a quick little overview.  You go in and first pay for your admission ($35 for weekdays and $45 for weekends).  This gives you unlimited access to the spa's facilites for the day.  You are given a bracelet which serves as a key to your locker and payment for any additional purchases you make throughout the spa (treatments, food, rentals).  You go into the locker room, take off your shoes and put them in the shoe locker, then go to the main locker room where  you are given a "uniform" which is basically shorts and a t-shirt.  Attached to their respective locker rooms are male only and female only areas in which you must be completely naked.  There you will find various hot tubs, cold tubs, really cold tubs, steam room and sauna, and little shower stations where you can scrub yourself down.  All other areas of the spa are coed and you must wear your uniform.  The next floor has a food area with tables, massage chairs, treatment rooms, sleeping area, and a ton of saunas.  They are all really nice and clean.  The next floor has a relaxation area with lounge chairs and TVs and another treatment area with foot and hand massages (out in the open).  Upstairs you will find the pools.  There are two big outdoor pools.  They are not really for swimming,  but they have lots of different jet stations.  There is also a kiddie pool and a hot tub outside.  Supposedly, the pools are heated enough in the winter to be able to swim outside, which I'm really looking forward to.  Inside there are three more pools.  One has loungey spaces with jets and another has little stools and benches with jets.  In that one you can order food and drinks and eat in the water at a little table.  On the top floor, there is a Korean restaurant, but I didn't try that.  I got a foot massage ($40 for 30 minutes).  It was good and tips are included in all treatments.  They also do different types of body massage, accupuncture, waxing, manicures, and pedicures.  You don't need an appointment to get in, but you do for any treatments.   I really enjoyed the place.  It was big and clean and really relaxing.... and really fun!
If you're going to Spa Castle on a Living Social voucher and expecting that the place will be empty when you get there, you should probably wait a couple more months. Of course it was crowded because I went on a holiday weekend, but I knew I could deal with it. If you can't, go on a weekday or wait until next year, because the hype probably won't die down for a while. But seriously people, do your research before going anywhere. I can't believe people are complaining about the uniforms (when it's right there on the website and several videos) and the fact that they saw naked people in the locker room. The locker room leads into a communal bathing area (and yes you have to shower before getting in, no one wants a dirty body in a hot tub) and if you're uncomfortable with that, there are other spas in New York. The only real complaint I have is that the pool area was full of rowdy kids, but they basically had the same kind of massage jets in the communal bathing area, so I could sacrifice my clothes for a few moments away from the kids who were diving in despite all the signs saying not to. Also, the staff could have enforced the rules a bit more, but I'm thinking they are probably understaffed with all the people coming in. But overall, the experience wasn't too bad. I got a body scrub and relaxed in the tub and I didn't think of work or my responsibilities for a couple of hours and that was really all I came for.
I LOVE YOU SPA CASTLE. I talk about Spa Castle every single day since I last went two weeks ago. Only con I can think of is the trek out there. $35 is definitely worth it to use the Woman's baths, outdoor heated pools and the various steam rooms. Everything is amazingly clean considering how huge the place is. I love the fact that I can eat Bi Bim Bap without my shoes and wearing a dorky orange and pink outfit (this is what they give the women to wear). My favorite part (besides scanning my bracelet for whatever food/services I want) was going to the different temperature saunas. They even have an ice room that literally is like an igloo inside.
Totally agree with everyone that said it was too crowded. So many kids too.. I didn't enjoy it as much as last year. If you can try not to go Friday-monday. Went last year on a Thursday and it was completely empty.
I love this place!! Super clean, great staff, wonderful massages! Even the food is good. If your looking for a relaxing afternoon, and you love sauna's, this is a great place! Ive been here a few times, and every time, i cant wait to come back!
Love Spa Castle! I am Japanese so we've been brought up with the bath houses/hot springs -bathe naked with total strangers culture so I was right at home. Actually, I am glad there is a place like Spa Castle. A Hop-Skip (7 line onto a pickup van) away from NYC makes it a great mini getaway from the hustle and bustle on the city. The place is pretty huge that I always spend about 5 hours max bathing, relaxing, eating and sleeping. My favorite part is the women's bathing area. You can get the Korean scrub for $50 or you can do it yourself! I recommend that you buy the $2 Korean scrub cloth to scrub away all the dead cells off. I know sounds freaky but you would even be more freaked out at the amount of dead skin cells that falls off your body when you scrub with that cloth! Your skin becomes baby soft after the whole scrubbing tho! I love it there. I do recommend to avoid going there on the weekends though, its just too crowded and not relaxing. There are less people on the weekdays, even after work hours will be better than going there on the weekend.
uhhhmmm..wow...where to start.. So my date suggests we get some much needed relaxation after a crappy week and I'm all for it, this from one of the best date planners...evah. He tells me about this place, he's never been either but heard it was great. We make the trek out in a cab on a Friday night, the driver gets lost and the whole ride out ends up costing $60 before tip. We walk into the place and there's a line. The crowd was definitely a shock. Let's put it this way, we were reading the myriad of signs posted about what you can't do and I didn't have my glasses on. I asked my date "what does that one say, no weapons?!" He said, "No, but I think it should" alrighty then. We get to the front of the line and receive our wrist bands etc and all we can think of is "Where the F is the bar, alcohol stat!!" if we weren't all the way in purgatory we would have hightailed it out of there. OK, get this, when you enter the locker room they give you a "uniform" which you have to wear at all times. One size fits all and I'm saying it would have been roomy on Melissa McCarthy. The shorts were somewhat clam-diggerish and the tshirt was about down to mid-thigh. Good thing it wasn't our first date....I met my date out on the second floor, he had on similar stylish garb. We couldn't find the bar quick enough. On the 3rd floor there is a bar in the corner and your choices are beer or such classics as pistachio pina colada's and apple martini's...they still make apple martinis??? We went with a beer and got into the "hot pool" to sit on the swim up stool. We felt like we were in a bad Carnival Cruise line horror movie. There were gaggles of chubby kids splashing everywhere. I mean really? I thought this was a spa but in actuality its a place where I guess people bring tons of tweens on a Friday night? BIZZARO WORLD. We did run outside in the freezing cold to jump in the only pool that was really hot, that lasted about 5 minutes. We didn't want our trek to go completely to waste so we tried one of the sauna "huts", bad idea. Kids run in and out so it never stays sauna like. This place is just a mess all around. From the bizarre cafeteria, to the people lounging on every vacant surface stuffing their faces. I'VE NEVER EXPERIENCED ANYTHING LIKE THIS IN MY LIFE and I hope to never again...wow is all I can say..
Living Social recently offered a 50% discount for admission, so I figured I'll finally give this place a try. This is the noisiest spa I've ever been too. When I think of a spa, I think of tranquility and relaxation. However, this place does not come close to that. You have pay an entrance fee which gives you access to the saunas and aqua jets. They provide you with a uniform but towels are at an extra charge. Also, you are not allowed to wear any shoes in the locker room area which is gross since the bathroom facilities are there too. As for the amenities, there are a variety of outdoor/indoor aqua jets, each targeting a specific part of your body. I got to try every single one, but I didn't find any of them comforting. On the second floor, you will find a number of different dry sauna rooms. First of all, there were kids crying and running around inside the saunas. Children should not even have access to the spa. Secondly, people were conversating like they were the only ones in the rooms when it should be a place for peace and quiet. There were many inconsiderate guests, and this created a very unpleasant first experience for me. There is absolutely no enforcement on the rules around this spa. Customer service is almost non-existent, I had to roam around and figure where everything was myself. If you are looking for a true spa experience, then avoid this place. I will not be returning to this so called "spa". THUMBS DOWN!!
Based on my past experiences, I could have easily given one star review of this place. Here is why I gave 2: The Good: - Decent variety of facilities--lots to do if you plan on spending the whole day there.  They have saunas, an ice room to cool off, a cafeteria, Starbucks, a Fro-yo place, a rooftop pool and a bar The Bad and the Worst: - It's pricey ($$$): $35 for a weekday entrance fee, $45 for a weekend one (I don't recommend going there on weekends anyway. This place gets CRAZY with packs of loud kids--and adults alike) - Handy food court, but its OVER-PRICED. Hence, I never use it. - Not as clean as I would like it to be for a spa - Like I said, this place will turn into a zoo. So if you are planning your visit, do be cautious - Couples making out in public (kissing, groping, etc.) and other socially unintelligent people who don't respect others' need to get some rest too -HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT and RUDE SERVICE. I'm going to elaborate on my last point based on my past few experiences (I'm almost impressed at how they disappoint me every time I go there. Sadly, this is the only spa in the proximity). The last time I was there was a weekday night around 8:45PM. I saw on the website that they close at 1AM so I figured I could use a couple of hours of spa. Upon entering the spa, I was told by the front desk lady that they close the facilities at 11:45PM. Around 10:30PM, I started noticing that the water started getting a bit cold. They had turned off the water heater. SERIOUSLY?  Way to kick out your customers! And the custodian took away all the chairs and refused to provide them because they  were "closing". I complained to their manager how the closing time is way sooner than we were told. We got the chairs (and shampoos, which they ALSO hid away) but we had the manager watching over us and reminding us how much time we have left to finish up whatever we were doing. And trust me, the women's shower area was still half-filled. People started complaining. The manager literally reminded me that I had 2 minutes left. She just stood there staring as if she wanted to kick me out any moment. Still before 11:45 PM. Ridiculous! Oh, and also, you can't even bring your own water. Which means, you have to pay about 4 bucks for a bottle of water. They have like one water fountain on each floor... and we couldn't even figure out where they were until last time. And one of my companies FAINTED there once after the sauna, while she was WAITING in line to buy a bottle of water. If you'd like better service but still with good  facilities, I recommend King Sauna in Palisades Park, NJ (right after you cross the GW bridge, so it's not too far) Plus, this place is cheaper (also, you can easily find discount coupons for this place at nearby businesses). For your convenience: yelp.com/biz/king-sauna-… Hope this helped.
I went to Spa Castle today - I will never return.  A friend planned the "spa" day - so I had not looked much into the Spa other than surface.  First thing to mention is this is NOT a SPA - Spa implies some sibilance of a relaxing environment which is non-existent  here.  This is a Spa-themed indoor park.  Just imagine being a loud rowdy mall, theme-park with spa services...that is what you have here...Be forewarned.  Parents with kids may enjoy - but stay away if you are looking for a relaxing experience. The other issues: --Customer Service is atrocious - Whatever questions I asked, I was hushed away, I was denied a tour when requested (as it was our first time, and I was lied to about the few questions I asked.  Nothing is thoroughly explained to you - yet they have all these ridiculous rules (like no shoes in the Bathroom-eww, Forced full nudity in the mineral bath, but required uniform -shirt & pants- in the saunas) - so the majority of your time is spent confused..and getting yelled at by the staff --Everything is an extra charge and over-priced - Want a robe, towel etc...ur charged for it all...The food is of bad strip mall food quality - yet it's absolutely over priced - and buffet, number style self serve...that has long lines and high stress --Masseuse are inattentive and over aggressive....even when I requested things I was ignored. --They force you to be completely nude same sex bath - I don't get this at all....I tried to get away with a bikini ...and someone came in yelling at me... - This rule seems even more ridiculous considering every other area requires suits or uniform... I was a bit concerned about the kids having to adhere to this as well - in this day in age...you can't be too careful --The floors are dirty..hair everywhere..and they don't allow you to wear shoes... I could go on....but bottom line is the customer service, crowds, rigid rules, and mall like atmosphere - make the facilities (which are nice on it's own) - unbearable - I am a frequent spa goer..and I will never return.
Overall I really loved this place, I went on a weekend and all I can say is the earlier you arrive, the better as it gets VERY packed during the afternoon hours! Despite the large number of people, the facility seemed large enough to accommodate everyone & remain CLEAN. Drinks and spa services are pretty pricey ($15 average) but if you get a discount on the admission price it evens out.
Okay.  So you go to Spas.  You don't need me to explain the basics.  I am comparing Spa Castle to Other spas, specifically to other Korean Jjimjilbangs.  My frame of reference includes jjimjilbangs in both the east and west coast, as well as the south, and of course, those in Korea.   I went there last week expecting to see Koreans.  I did not.  Spa Castle, although owned by Koreans, is enjoyed mostly by non-Koreans.  The night that I visited, it was mostly Russians, Hasidic Jews, Hispanics, and a sprinkle of African Americans.  I asked the Korean staff why there were no Koreans.  They did not tell me why, but told me that Koreans mostly go to King Spa in New Jersey.  I mention this for Korean readers. Other than that, compared to King Spa in Jersey, the Spa Castle does provide a bar, and an outdoor heated pool, which was operational even in the 20 degrees weather of New York winter.  The massage was poor, compared to King Spa, food selection was limited, and they closed at 11 pm, which is a seriously limiting factor compared to other jjimjilbangs where you can sleep over if needed.   The unisex area was rather limited compared to King Spa.  Food and drinks were overpriced.  Shoudl try one of the smaller boutique spas in Queens.  They are found all over Flushing and Bayside.  But of course if you want to feel pampered, try one of the traditional American spas in Queens or Manhattan, where you will shell out a bit more money, but will get treated better.
I came here on a warm weekday evening. It was my very first long overdue visit..! After reading the reviews about how the crowd has changed over the years I've been bracing myself in hopes of not arriving on a night full of screaming kids running all over and even worse..hoodrats. When I finally did arrive I was rather pleased because I had anticipated the place had become run down after all these years.. but the facilities were still quite intact. I visited the pool area first to enjoy the water jet massage and it was quite nice.. but the relaxation ended because - while there were not many kids running around that evening.. there were A LOT of hoodrats. And let me tell you they were really unruly, cursing obscenities loudly, some engaged in some unneccessary PDA that I didnt need to see and drinking alcohol from their smuggled poland spring bottles. It was interesting to say the least to see a guy there fully dressed in a long tee shirt and wearing a snap back cap shamelessly diving into the pool. I'd say that night the pool area was about 85% full of this type of crowd - not exactly my idea of relaxation! The heated pool area was packed with hoodrats who were taking fb/instagram pics posing like wannabe hip-hop stars at a pool party while screaming stuff like "Aww yea.. we in da house now!"..  you get the idea... There was a staff member in a suit and a security guard.. who attempted to curb their obnoxious actions. The ghetto rats were in fact having fun intentionally splashing his fine suit with copious amounts of pool water before one of them was kicked out. Honestly, I must say the pool area facilities are indeed nice. Its a shame I didn't get to enjoy Hinoki bath- which I wanted to try. It was packed to the brim with colored folks, which I have no problem with..it just so happened that everyone inside the Hinoki at the time just happened to be .. and there was probably just room for just one skinny person.. I felt that it would have been too awkward and uncomfortable for my friend and I to just nonchalantly insert ourselves there.. Afterwards, we went down to the sauna area where it was quite interesting to check out the different saunas. Some hoodrats later came downstairs to the sauna floor  from the pool area and began screaming obscenities from the top of their lungs as they proceeded to go down to the locker room. Don't get me wrong.. the facilities are really fun and nice - but this crowd really takes away from the relaxation factor. As one of the reviews mentioned below it looks this place is attracting a lot of folks from some public community pool in the hood. If this place is starting to attract this type of crowd they SERIOUSLY need to up the security to really enforce the rules here! Or they should raise their prices significantly to not attract this type of crowd.
I have been coming here approximately 1-2 times a year for many years and I can honestly say that with age, this place gets worse and worse in terms of appearance, service and food. Staff are beyond rude. You will be treated like scum. For the quality of food they are serving, the food is extremely over priced. The people who run the show at spa castle have really let this place go. Last time I visited, I was in the outside pool with some of my friends and someone touched the side of the pool and that particular rock (and the surrounding rocks on the wall) fell on her. On the other hand, they do amazing body scrubs, which is the only real reason I ever come back.
Okay sooooooooo...just came home from spa castle. After reading all the reviews good and bad i was nervous. Took my boyfriend there for our two yr anniversary so i knew it had to be a hit or i would look like a dick. Overall 1-10 i give this place a 7.5-8. The pictures on the site make this place look more upscale than it really is. The people/patrons were not so upscale either (cover was $35 no wonder). We got the $90 shiatsu massage which was painful but necessary to say the least. When we left i felt like a new women but i do wish my male masseuse was a bit gentler ( I am a small girl and he kind of manhandled me :( at one point i had to let him know he needed to ease up. After that we hit the saunas (salt and gold) which was.....in fact just a fancy sauna. After that we bought wayyyy overpriced alcoholic drinks and food which was mediocre ( a bit like amusement park food) We finished drinking in the pool/bar. Which was my fave because you could drink and chill in the pool . There were tables and stools in the actual pool where you can sit and drink and still be in the water. Then swim to the bar when you need another drink (awesome :) You do see alot of old and young naked people in the locker rooms ( didnt bother me much) Just dont look if it bothers you. ( my boyfriend was freaked out which i found amusing lol) I would go back for sure just to hang out and not on a weekend when there are more kids there ( Go on a weekday and go early)  Bring a big purse and sneak in drinks and food if you can.  :)
Came here with my husband about 3 years ago for a Hot Stone Massage. We previously had a couples massage on a cruise ship, which was an unforgettable experience, so we were both looking forward to it, the place looked amazing in photos. From the very beginning things were a bit uncomfortable; the front desk gave us watch-like bracelets without explaining what they were and just pointed to the framed sign that read "$50 if you loose your bracelet" !! Aside from the fact that everyone walks around naked in the locker rooms, they dont give you disposable shoes so you walk around barefoot! My husband came out of the men's room with a traumatized expression on his face after seeing too many naked men lol. The massage experience was NOT relaxing at all. It was too rough, it actually hurt for days after. At the end the man that was doing mine offered to help me put my bra on! which just proved again that there wasn't a slightest hint of manners or training. I would never get a facial in this "spa". The worst part: i now a have two gift cards to this spa.... not sure what to do with them... :(
This experience is based off of the fact that I had a living social deal for $20 to go. I would NOT pay full retail of $50, not worth it. Overall I enjoyed myself because it was something different to do but there was for sure some things I was disappointed with: -Outdoor pool area is small. -All pools do not go deeper then 3' so really they are just to sit in. -Only 1 hot tub that was very full. -All dry saunas not one steam room. -Dirty bathrooms -Lots of kids (which is fine I love kids but when they are running, yelling and splashing it isn't super relaxing) -Lounge chairs were limited outside so I saw a lot of people take other people's belongings off chairs, throwing belongings to the side and taking chairs for themselves. -The top where there is the pools they have two very small "indoor" pools also meant for sitting in. However where those indoor pools is where there is a food stand (chicken tenders/ nuggets, corn dogs, hot dogs, corn, dumplings, french fries) and also a bar. In those small indoor pools there are actually tile "tables" so you can sit in the pool and eat.. a little strange but also a little fun. Problem is that staff did not CLEAN UP cups and what not left on the tables IN the pools. -Quite a few jets in pools were broken. If you can get a cheap pass on a discount site thats one thing as something different to do but not worth the price.
We were really excited about going here but I have to admit to being a bit let down. I have no issues with the nudity (please, I'm no prude) the uniforms (that was actually quite fun) and the place was very clean and big. To put it plainly, it was all just a bit too seedy. Huge gangs of people, with women staring at you with a 'you lookin at my man!?' No, I'm really, really not. My husband being hit on (although he was pretty pleased I think!) and an obnoxious couple, her in his lap, all but having sex next to us. Maybe I'm just jealous, and I should have got in on that kind of scene but then it wouldn't really be a spa, kind of something else entirely. Admittedly, the kids really do get quite tiresome too. Let's be honest, this place is just a big waterpark in the city without any slides. It's no 'Spa'. If you're down with that, then go for it. Otherwise, save your money and head to a real spa, or better still on a real vacation.
Wonderful and clean place!!  So many pools and saunas, and they have a ice sauna to cool down in and its very cold and no mildew smell at all.  Food buffet can get pricey, its sold by weight and most things offered are heavy.  They offer Starbucks, but it is hot, and you can't take it with you throughout the place.  Water or fresh juice or tea would be better.  Can't wait to go back!  Prices are reasonable!
Honestly, this spa is OK. It's very crowded and overpriced for what they give you. Saunas are decent when there's not 50 people in there. I went in for a massage and facial, and I went with my mother- she nearly cried during the "Enzyme facial", because the lady was ripping her blackheads out too roughly. Our massage was pretty nice though. I would say don't waste your time or money, find somewhere else.
First time participant, but I will return.  I was a little bit anxious after reading the previous reviews about all the nudity, but it really wasn't a problem. Went with two girlfiends a a belated birthday present (all Feb, Mar girls).  Great alternative, instead of the usual lunch & chatter. When you pull up to the Spa Castle a valet will come & get your car & park it for you (but because I arrived early 10:00am I didn't realize this so I parked car myself).  At the end of the day you turn in your ticket & tip the driver (no xtra price). Paid the $45.00 wknd entrance fee and was given a scanner/watch with a number that specifically matches ot a numbered locker.  Was given a separate locker for shoes and instructed to come back to service desk in locker room.  Then I was given shorts & T shirt and instructed to swipe locker, change & put belongings & enjoy the castle! I changed into bathing suit, & my friend gave the tour.  Past the different steam rooms (Iceland look cold) & eventually we ended up on sitting in a small pool with jet, looking outdoors at the few brave souls enjoying the early spring heated outdoor pool scene. Buffet was not open yet (food is weighed then u pay or go with hot lunch off grill or juice bar) so we just lounged around soaking & managed to get in a 12:00pm massage appt.  Most appt were taken for private rooms (make those reservations before you come)  so one girlfrend had private room slot, while I joined a few other souls in the group massage room.  Sixty minute massage for $75.00 was cool (if your into harder massage go with male, for softer stick with female). Make your reservations early for all treatments (had to come back & check in twice before I finally was given a squeezed in slot for pedicure at 4:00pm) Toes needed a spring update (but not really worth $30.00) but I was satisfied with look. Settled in for afternoon buffet lunch with girls.  By this time the spa castle was jumping. People milling around on lounges in the sleep/quiet area, on sofas next to the bar sipping wine & chatting, in the various pools & even on the coaches in the locker rooms just vegging, reading or quietly watching TV.  It seems as if everyone (especially the women) had run away from home & sought refuge in the spa castle, not wanting to return home anytime soon. Eventually we made our way outside into the cool air only to slip into the heated pools.  This was the highlight of the day cool/hot combination.  Staying low in the water was key & when you moved over to jaccuzzi you moved quickly, but the jolt of cold air & heated water felt really good. Never made it to the nude minerals pool, but was it was definately being used.  Shower facilities are ample, open with little privacy, but who's really looking.  Bring your own larger towels as spa towels are little. All & all I spent $164.20 ($45 ent fee, $75 mass, $30 pedicure, $10.20 buffet lunch/weighed, $3.00 + 1 tip for cran/orange juice mix @ bar).  Great way to spend 7 hr day.
the variety of saunas and the fact that they have a hinoki bath tub is quite impressive.  this is a place where you can do some serious detoxing. the body massage service is average.  the foot and hand massage are exceptional.  do the foot and hand massage combo, can't beat the value.  if you have time, do a full hour on the foot first because 30 minutes is a little rushing it. the place is somewhat like a orlando destination vacation though.  lots of people i don't mind but it is somewhat too noisy to zone out after detoxing.  if you need to relax in peace and quiet you can sleep on the first floor lounge chairs. i really don't know why they are serving standard restaurant food in a place where you come for health and cleansing.  after enduring the 190 degree degree sauna i wouldn't want to be putting toxins back into my body.  i stick to the health drinks such as the bottled korean corn silk tea, which supports further detoxification. in the specialty saunas it is a turn off to see sweaty body imprints on the tatami mats.  people really should know better to first place a dry towel down on the mat before they sit or ly down. you can learn to live with the downsides because there really is no place like this one in new york city.  i am a regular for sure.
This is a real Asian ghetto place that is praised by Americans who don't know better.   YES YOU LOVE SPA CASTLE BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW ANY BETTER.  THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH KOREAN SPA!  As Korean, I tend to shy away from American-version of anything Korean.  It just hurts me. Of course white Americans love this place.  Why do I think this is ghetto?  Here are some of my things: 1. Kids running around mad.  In Korea, those kids would have been plugged out 2. Swimming in bath where it says "No swimming" and blow nose right there.  3. People running in & out of bath tubs without taking showers 4. My last straw...I saw this woman sitting in whirlpool with legs spread eagle and up in the air.  Holy shit.  You know what that is all about. My relatives in Korea would just die if they ever experience this.  But hey, Americans love it.  I just do not ever need to go there.  I will just stick with my hardcore Korean bath house.  I went there because my American friends say so much about this place.
This is my first Korean bath house experience so I have nothing else to compare to, but I heard they spend 20 million dollars on this location.  It's very clean, simi-upscale and very high tech.  I like the watch sensor (key/ fob)which you use to access your lockers, charge to your account for spa services and buying foods, and the number on the fob is what they use to identify you when making appointment with the foot massage or oil massage etc. The place is still fairly new, clean and busy.  It has roughly 10 pools with different temperature, some of the pools has aqua jet type of massage, dry/wet sauna room and high temperature resting room, like extreme sauna, if I recall it right, it was like 174F.  I was tempted to take a nap in one of the room but my friend can't stand the heat so we left after 3 mins.  But I wanted to nap there and sleep on one of the wooden head rest they have. (maybe next time) My friend and I book aroma and deep tissure massage, it's in a private room and it's around $100 for 60 mins, including tax and tip.  I thought it was so-so, not too impressive about their massage skills.. I had better. What's interesting about korean bath house is that they have exfoliation service (they call it massage) but basically just using one of their signature green scrub cloth to scrub your body, those thing are amazing, (you can get them for $1 for 4 in Korean supermarket) it works very well by taking a layer of your skin off.. never seem any scrub so powerful before, I haven't try the scrub in the bath house, I think I want to try them in LA instead b/c the price is cheaper. Food.. interesting huh.. food.. in the spa/bath house.  They have a mini food court here, and a salad bar, after the shower, playing pool dipping, sauna and massage, people tend to get hungry for some reason, and since I didn't try them, I have no idea if it's good or not, but we were hungry so everything looks good to us, even just the instant noodle or the hard boil eggs. For those of you that haven't try the foot massage, try it.. if they massage it too hard, don't bother to tell them "lighter" b/c they wouldn't listen..very strange..I think the foot massager like to torture people or something, they probably get this weird sick kind of satisfaction by looking at your facial expression. If I have the chance, I would return again, still need to explore more.. 4 hr isn't enough for me  :D Website: nyspacastle.com
I went on a weekday with my mom and generally had a pretty good experience.  There's a lot to try and see there, and being as it was a weekday, it wasn't all that crowded so that was nice.  A lot of things are intuitive to Koreans and people who are familiar with Korean spas, like body scrubs and what to do with the sauna rooms and what to wear/not to wear, but I can imagine that for first-timers, it'd be a little bit of a puzzle and maze at first glance. Anyhow, it was an overall relaxing experience. A couple of downsides - first, the staff are not (as expected) all that friendly.  So expect that.  Second, the prices for food are expensive ... I guess the portions are larger than normal, but still! $12 for fruit patbingsoo is a lot!  It was yummy though.  Third, and my biggest gripe by far, is about the bikini wax I got.  The people there are... friendly but in an overbearing way.   I went in after I saw on their price list that a bikini wax was $25 - when I finished and came out, they said that my wax would cost $10 more just because of some additional "shaping" that they had to do - no where on the list did they note the additional charge nor did they inform me about it during the wax.   It was a completely arbitrary and unfair thing to impose on my after all was said and done.  I argued, but figured that it was basically the cost of the tip I was going to give anyways, and left it at that.  That was REALLY disappointing.  It may well have been because they felt that they could get away with it because I was Korean, but stick to your guns!! Be firm. Hmm.. other than that, pretty pleased! They have discount coupons for your next visit so make sure to pick those up!
If u wanna see women twerking in the pools drunk come here. Or if u wanna see a security guard at a spa place come here. If u wanna see dirty pools with a nasty film floating in the water come here. This place used to be a hidden gem. Not any more. Maybe if u come on a tues at 7am it's probably great but it's changed so much. Not worth the price and money. Also dirty locker room floors in the female locker room hair everywhere so gross. Rather go to Body by Brooklyn. More intimate and very clean and quiet.
I would suggest blocking off the whole day to fully experience this place. I had the most relaxing time. I even took a nap lol. I love that they have a shuttle to and from the train station. *Note: If you are Transgender or Two Spirited just be aware that Spa Castle is very gender oriented. Men have one color to wear and women have another. Also the Locker room/pool room has an open layout and if I remember correctly in order to use the pools in the locker room you have be naked, but not in the pools on other floors...but I could be wrong and things could have changed. Just a heads up.
I had no idea what to expect when i went to spa castle.  When i walked into the women's locker room i was a little shocked by the amount of naked women. Ok so they are there but i am a tad modest and wouldnt be getting naked during my trip here. I was not  a happy camper when i look over at the first jacuzzi room and see a large "no bathing suits please" sign on door.Now... this is my complaint. There were jacuzzis, showers, saunas down in locker room area which was nice and calm and quiet where you HAD TO BE naked if you wanted to use them. I had a  probelm with that. I paid as much as everyone and now because i wont get naked i can't use this jacuzzi or this shower. I felt it was a type of discrimination in a way.  My friend saw how pissed i was and told me about all the other jacuzzis were you did need to have a bathing suit on. I moved on tpo the outside heated pools.  I went on a crisp 55 degree day. The main pools were not very hot. i would say more warm. They aren't just pools. They hold different areas with different types of jets to hit different area parts. Then there were two jacuzzis that were 106 degrees, much hotter. I loved the outdoor part. I made an appt. for a 90 minute deep tissue massage for $130. You have to make your appt days in advance if you want a certain time. This massage was wild. This small korean woman  went to town. She basically positioned herself over me 70 % of the time rubbing different parts. She even stepped on my legs and butt:) Then she bent me every which way. I was strectching ways a hadnt streched since gymnastics class when i was 10. It was amazing. but I was very sore the next day. Then I had a facial appt. I must say this experience was different. From the moment i walked in you were being given a sales pitch for products. "ohhh you skin sooo dry, ohh your skin so sensitive, why you only use soap to wash face." overall i thought it was a good facial but it was $ 95 for an hour and was the cheapest one availible.  Then i came out of room and was shown the 3 products i needed for my "skin condition." i have normal clear fine skin. i guess they meant my skin type.  i asked how much the first one was, it was $33. ok! sorry... cant do it. Anyway... hate the sales pitch stuff. Food was pricey and not worth it. I went on a saturday. I was pretty crowded by about 2pm. Some kids. Parents seemed to keep them in line. When i go again i plan to go on a weekday night. Last massage is at 10pm and pools close at 11.
Came here with a livingsocial deal, and it was really worth it! A lot of fun for a Friday afternoon, not a lot of people but not empty. The saunas are clean and the food downstairs in the buffet is really good. Only issue was that it's in the middle of no where and wifi isn't good.
Since everyone is posting mostly the same information...I will try to just write about highlights and important stuff. I tried calling them to ask where their shuttle bus picks up because I haven't seen in lately in the Flushing parking lot. No one answers their phone! Also the information isn't listed on their website. Shuttle bus: NOW picks up NEXT to the Flushing Municipal parking lot. 39th ave, in front of the fire hydrant. Food: the food in general is a bit pricey for what it is, especially the food court stuff, so I think its better to go upstairs and eat the Korean food. You get a lil more for what you pay for. Uniforms/Nudity: There are all these signs about where and when you are supposed to be wearing a uniform -which is ultimately just funny and silly. Like on the pool area, right when you're about to leave that floor there is a sign that says you must put your uniform back on! Whatever! And the naked locker rooms...once you go into the shower and pool area its totally naked, they don't want people going in there with even a bathing suit on. I don't think they enforce these things too much though. OH and I saw someone getting a naked massage in the shower/bath area and the only reason I noticed it was because the masseuse was rubbing down the woman's breasts?! I really did see that. Things to remember/keep in mind:  Better to go there on weekdays obviously. But if you choose a weekend -the crowd starts rolling in 12:30 and later. So its much nicer when you go earlier than that. Bring your own beach or shower towel. They allow kids here so it gets annoying on weekends when kids who are too young to be in saunas are opening and closing all the doors and talking while you're trying to relax. Just FYI!
Spa Castle is both a refuge and a theme park; a sauna and a beauty salon; a place for families and for lovers. Yes, the unprofessional and hastily trained employees can be rude and the service inconsistent, but I value Spa Castle for its novelty and versatility. First-timers, I encourage you to partake in everything they have to offer, especially on the first floor where people bathe naked. There is no feeling better than triumphing over our onerous and often arbitrary social constructs... and stripping bare to the skin and embracing one's own body in the most simple form, among family, friends, and strangers alike. This, I believe, is something everyone should be entitled to experience. If you want to fully immerse yourself in Korean culture, do it. Admissions can be slightly pricey, so make a trip on a weekday and avoid paying an extra $10. If you're a regular or can see yourself being one... find a group of friends and take advantage their bulk offer: 100 tix for $2000 (that's... $20 per ticket!).
I took my friend here. There are so many different sauna rooms. The temperatures are displayed on the outside. It wasn't too crowded on a Sunday Afternoon. The relaxing room had broken chairs that didn't recline. I kind of wish there was something else. I got bored after a while. They definitely need an upgrade on some things. I wish there was more food options.
I would never come here on a weekend, because it is not worth that extra 10 bucks, however, for 35, I would definitely come here! I read about all the kids, and was prepping myself for screaming children, but was pleasantly surprised. For your information, I went on a Monday afternoon, in case that means anything (talking about the children-free atmosphere). I didn't use any of their special extra services, just the pools and the saunas. I made sure to eat before I came, so the only food I had was an ice cream, which was buy 2 get one free (luckily there were three of us), and with the deal, it went from unreasonable to normal priced. The saunas were great. Come with a friend or two, and sometimes you fill up the whole room, so it's just you and your buddies. We went to the outdoor pool. I felt that the large pools were a bit too cold, but I definitely liked the Hinoki pool. NICE AND HOT! Afterwards we pulled out our own mud mask and lay down in the girl's only sauna. After rinsing it off, we took our moisturizing face masks to the infra red section and dozed off for 15 minutes, and tightened our pores for a few minutes in the ice sauna.   It was a great place to soak and get our muscles loosened, especially since we had tried pole dancing for the first time that weekend!
I thought Spa Castle was a great to spend the day!   I was not a fan of some of the loud patrons that can impair the experience for others.  Additionally I am sure I agree with the policy of allowing children.  Otherwise the Spa is clean and the staff is decent (i don't expect their english to be perfect as it is a korean establishment).
Spa Castle is a nice find, a great place to take the family especially on weekdays when the place is not crowded.  Spa Castle arranges for pickup in the Korean area of Flushing and a mini-van leaves every half hour to drop you off at the castle.  There you can buy and all day pass which will cost $35 on a weekday (a steal!) and $45 on a weekend.  There is valet parking if needed. Since it was my first time here I did not know the protocol at all, you are given a wrist band for your lockers, in the locker room there are separate lockers for your shoes and for your clothes.  At the locker level itself there are bath pools for showers and hot tubs and saunas if you want to spend time in the male section.  Upstairs you're required to wear your uniform and you can reunite with your group and hang out at the various themed saunas or have lunch at the vendors counters.  On the 3rd floor there are outdoor hot tubs which are amazing on a cold day, make sure to bring a towel to dry off quickly to dodge back into the indoor area.  On the 4th floor there is a snazzy bar and a korean restaurant where you get plenty of food an extensive menu, reasonable prices, and a great seating area where you get to relax and look at the view. After a day at the spa castle my whole body feels like jelly and I don't wanna get any work done, mission accomplished. Definitely coming back.
I ventured out to Spa Castle (it wasn't really a venture, it's like a 10 minute drive from my apartment) strictly because it recently made Yelp's "Review of the Day." First, let me THANK yelp for not bringing Spa Castle to my attention sooner. I'm a broke law student, and if I had discovered this place...ohh let's say in June...I would have spent my rent money on massages and ended up homeless. At first, you don't know where you are. You're looking for parking, you're sort of confused. THEN you realize there's valet. Perfect. Hop out of your car and rush into the spa. Pay the $35, get changed. Explore. There's no shortage of indulgences at Spa Castle...and feel free to indulge, just remember: BE RESPECTFUL to the other people around you. I understand that this is a haven for stay-at-home moms and their tiny counterparts, but it's not an excuse for allowing your children to misbehave. DISCIPLINE, folks. Also, saunas are meant for quiet, peaceful enjoyment. This is NOT a place for you and your girlfriends to ramble on and on about some stupid bullshit. Save that drama (a) for your mama, and (b) for the mall/dinner/bar. There was never a time when I was totally skeeved/grossed out by anything. Having said that, though, this is NOT a place for a germ-a-phobe. Let loose, especially in the women's locker room. Seeing so many naked women of all sizes and shapes will make you appreciate what you're working with. It's easy to rack up a tab at Spa Castle, and if you're on a budget (like me) you're going to have to exercise a little self restraint. Although everything is a little bit more expensive than your average place, it's worth it. Enjoy!
Unless you are a korean, nudist, exhibitionist or a gay person, you may not love Spa Castle very much. In the entry level area, strangers will literally walk all around you with nothing to do just to make sure you get a close up view of their crotch. What happened to decency? Noone was wearing bathing suits in the same-sex water area: a complete dream come true for any nudist or exhibitionist. And think you'll be saving yourself some money on spa treatments out in Queens? Not so fast buddy, this place has LESS value for your buck than many manhattan spots. I spent close to $200 dollars on entry, 2 quick spa treatments, one roll and two bottles of water. My express facial was ok, but the korean facialist wasn't too interested in giving me great service after I had declined her offer for blackhead extraction for an extra $20 dollars. She also didn't bother giving me a hand massage or any extra perk while I had the mask on, but walked out of the room and left me there for about 10 minutes. The sound coming from the speakers was "broken": not very relaxing. And as if all that wasn't enough, she also put some extremely hot stones under my back which gave me a burn that is still hurting. My mani-pedi was also ok, but the korean lady was much more interested in chatting with her co-worker and ensuring her next customer (about 10 times) that she would be taking him in 5 minutes: not very zen. Nevertheless, it's an interesting place, and the different saunas were intriguing. The whole thing was a gift to me, and while I truly appreciated my gift, I probably won't be back anytime soon.
Was hoping to feel calm and relaxed . First of all I went today ( a holiday ) and ended up paying $50. My lockers wouldn't open so I had to share with my friend. I felt SLIGHTLY uncomfortable with all the naked woman and children casually walking around without a care in the world. Even though I have confidence about my body it still wasn't exactly my idea of a fun day to be exposed to vaginas & tits of all ages. My friend & i proceeded to meet up with our boyfriends who were exposed to their fair share of dicks. There really isn't much to do aside from chill out in Different degree saunas & go in dirty pools . So if you're expecting to get anything thrown in for free ( like a massage or food) think again or pull out about $200 . I also have NOTHING against young children but if I'm paying $50 to relax I really don't expect children to be bumping into me every few minutes & also wtf could a 4 year old possibly be stressed about ?? Plus , my boyfriend is in the process of recovering from a knee surgery & had about 3 young children slip and fall right next to him & godforbid any of the parents apologized for their poorly raised children's behavior they just simply stare at you instead.Classy. In the process of leaving you have to stand on a check out line with about 2 people working just to see if you charged any expenses on your bracelet.. Imagine how long that takes.. Basically if you're a nudest this is the place for you (Or a millionaire  ) in my opinion I wasted $50 & we only stayed an hour. On the bright side I did use 2 free q-tips.
A few useful bullet points to add to my earlier review: 1. My favorite area is the collection of seven saunas on the first floor. I prefer the Salt one, but the Loess room, emitting extreme heat, is a close second. 2. The hot tub/heated pool area (Bade Pools) on the second floor is extremely fun. I wouldn't venture out there in the frigid cold, but it's totally doable in the fall/spring months. Wide variety of high-power jets! 3. There is a neat little area with La-Z-boys on the mezzanine floor where you can nap. You know, in case you get tired from all of the relaxation. Zzzz... 4. There is a wonderful Korean restaurant on the third (and top) floor. The selections are limited, true, but they are high-caliber. While we are on the subject of ingestion, there is a drinks stand on the first floor that offers tasty bubble tea and revitalizing bottled liquids. 5. Avoid the pedicure services offered on the first floor. They are expensive and far from excellent. 6. Word of caution: Watch your spending. It's very easy to lose track of your expenditures when all you have to do to make a purchase is wave your wrist in front of a keypad. They don't even give you a receipt (because... where would you put it?).
Great sauna rooms and pools. Amazing shiatsu massages. Worth every penny!
If I could give it I would give No stars. At all. Worst customer service I have ever experienced. The manager was arguing with me when I asked why when I called I was told the Living Social voucher was valid. The handy sign they posted caused an uproar and I totally understand why. I asked a simple and professional question and felt attacked. In short, the guy was a total asshole. I felt bad for the employees having to work with him. And the line was so long to get in I can't even imagine what it was like inside. I already asked for my refund from Living Social and will never travel the hour and a half to get there ever again. Which is a total shame because everyone a year ago talked it up so much. I guess everything happens for a reason.
My friend is obsessed with this place and we finally made here for an enjoy relaxing day. Honestly speaking I was not too impress with the place. sure it has millions of different saunas rooms and variety of pools. I was having difficult time to find a quiet spot to sleep. the best spots are always taken. food was ok. but seriously I'm going to spa to relax not to eat The concept is good but I just didn't get the relaxation from this place. I rather spend the $ to a massage. They do have massage in the spa but it's pretty standard price which wasn't worth it
Stars hardly seem a fitting review for what I'm talking about here: sexual misconduct, injury and communicable diseases. Do you like being molested, having your neck painfully wrenched without warning or consent and getting a full-body fungus rash ? Then you will love spa castle. Welcome to the ninth circle of hell! I went to spa castle for a bachelorette party, and I left humiliated, hurt and with RINGWORM. Ring. Worm. How disgusting is that? You know what else I left with? The need to file a police report. The massage therapist who gave me a 60-minute "swedish" massage subjected me to a totally degrading and physically painful experience. I should've run for the hills when he yanked my prison uniform shorts off without warning, tried to rip my necklace off my neck instead of asking me to take it off, and then had a little door shutting/door being re-opened exchange with a woman employee in Korean while I tried to cover my body with a towel. But I had already paid with my 1984-esque bracelet, so I foolishly stuck around. My breasts and genitalia were grazed many, many times, and each time I protested, I was met with a truly skin-crawl-inducing laughter. I burst into tears long before he wrenched my entire neck and back so hard that I couldn't move or look to the left for a week afterwards. My entire body broke out in a firey, bumpy red rash, and evolved into little circles over the next few days. I was totally horrified when I went to the dermatologist and found out what it was. I've gotten a ton of massages over the years, and I've never encountered anything so blatantly painful, humiliating and degrading. On the way out, I said that I didn't want to pay the pre-added "tip" that showed up on my house-arrest style electronic bracelet invoice. The manager came, and I explained what my experience had been, and at that point, all I wanted was to not be forced to tip my creepshow masseur and to get the eff out of there. His reaction to a sexual misconduct complaint? LAUGHTER. He laughed at me and told me "that's just how we do Korean massage." With molestation,  fungus-infected oil and the threat of paralysis?! Oh, good. I started out just wanting the right to decline a tip, feeling bad about getting someone in trouble ("maybe he didn't *mean* to graze my labia so many times"), and left angry and troubled, wondering why it is that I would even question whether something so uncomfortable and degrading was legal or illegal, worth filing a police report over, or just another thing NYC women should quietly accept and not make waves about. That is so messed up to even consider not speaking up about a sexual crime, but I was intimidated and openly, gleefully mocked by the MANAGER of this place. Hell yes, I'm filing a police report. And a report with my lawyer, the BBB, the health department, and every beauty editor, magazine publisher and news writer I know. I hope the owner of this business knows that his manager laughed at a sexual misconduct charge, and that the word is about to spread as fast as the fungal colony living in his spa. If you are a woman, or if you have a wife, daughter or female friend you care about, for the love of god, keep them far away from this place. I'll leave the weird enforced naked-swimsuit-uniform thing and the throngs of unattended screaming children to other reviewers. Those things are unpleasant but kind of pale in comparison to what happens in the private massage rooms.
So after hearing all my friends talk about their pleasant experience there I decided to try it out with my girlfriend after a lot of convincing from her. My overall experience was okay, I wasn't exactly exhilarated about going so yep. Without further ado I here we go. While checking in we were offered the wristband to purchase drinks. Great idea right? Should make the experience more enjoyable a little bit buzzed, but wait there are restrictions. You're only allowed 3 drinks per wristband and each drink is almost 15 dollars each so if you do the math you basically paid for your admission from 3 drinks. I'd also like to add that food is grossly overpriced but its should be expected from your typical establishment. Onto the Spa part, from the moment we split up we saw signs plastered all over the walls saying that no public displays of affection whatsoever. Oh and lots of full nudity so if this is not your thing I mean you're going to want to leave. Aside from that there are numerous saunas all with varying temperatures.and the pools are the floor above the saunas. Everything is packed to the brim, I mean literally the hot tub felt like a bathtub with 9 other people. It's not a pleasant feeling All in all I really feel like there are better alternatives instead of this place.
Sunday at Spa Castle.  How more relaxing could you get? $45 admission fee per person.  Around 3pm I arrived with my girlfriend and going into the women's locker room to get changed into your bathing suit was a bit of a shocker.  There was naked little girls with their mothers running around, I didn't know which way to look because I didn't expect them to be so free like that.  It was a bit confusing to figure out the whole jist of things.  We had to go to the desk to get a pair of shorts and shirt to wear when not in the pool/jacuzzi. The rooftop pool outside was the first place we went.  The kids think this place is a waterpark, running around everywhere.  There's the Aquabar on the same floor indoors.  They have an automatic 20% gratuity added on every bill.  $16 for a 14-16 oz cup of pina colada, with house rum, a hint of pineapple.  That's it.  Oh, AND it was watered down like no other.  Definitely NOT worth the long wait nor money.  The jazuzzis and pools we went to were all lukewarm and the temperature could be raised about 10-15 degrees to really relax and be comfortable. The food here is way overpriced, along with everything else, and not worth the quality they are serving. The most enjoyable part of this place is the Relaxation room.  Over sized recliners with TVs that don't work and you could still hear the outside noise and pipes in the walls. If you do come here, here's a couple tips: 1.) Bring your own towel, or else you have to rent one for $3-4. 2.) Pregame before you get here.  Saves you money and makes your time here more enjoyable. 3.) After 8pm, all the kids clear out. 4.) After you pay for the admission fee, go around to the other side of the desk and show your ID to get a bracelet for alcohol.
I went for the 1st time for my birthday weekend with a group of friends and had an excellent time. This Spa was extremely affordable food and door rate , it was well worth the luxurious traditional Korean experience.  One tip to people coming make reservations in advance for the facials I had to wait an 1 1/2 to get a basic facial because I had no appointment.  Bring your own towel and a pair of good socks.. There prices to rent towels are pricey as well as socks or flip flops. Other than that this is truly a well kept secret in Queens and I cant wait to go again.  Hands down an amazing spa.
I went there on a living social voucher. Arrived & no parking, detour & line that took more than an hour to handle... only 2 people to check in over 100 people. Then I was greeted by a gaggle of bare naked ladies... I'm not a prude but there were tons of kids & generally I don't know if that's what a 6 yr old needs to be exposed to. Neither do I especially if they were showing off their bits. I concur with many of the negative points on other posts but my friend said there's been a change in mgt recently & it shows. It was incredibly fill 'em & bill 'em as much as you can. Drinks are super expensive as it's not a nightclub but $12 for a cocktail. Sushi bar closed at 7:45 yet no one told us. The compulsory UNIFORM... can I hear prision? FUGLY. The noise - so much for relaxation. People having full on conversations in the saunas where they should be quiet zones. I expected a pool to & said to my friend they tried to do too much with such a small space. It's been a couple of days & I am still wondering if I caught something there as they have you take your shoes off & walk barefoot everywhere... extra $ if you want to rent some sandals from them. The mats in the sauna have to be a breeding ground for every germs possible... mats with heat then sweat from a gazillion people. I can't even understand how the dept of health even lets them do this. I don't understand how people aren't sick. I thought it would be a relaxing day & was anything but... Honestly this place was an assault to my senses. I should have researched it on here before I bought a living social. Horrible. Save your money & go to a real spa.
PREPARE TO GET NEKKID! Think of Spa Castle as a spa on steroids. Seven themed saunas, heated outdoor pools (fully functional in the dead of winter), beauty salon, bar, gym, and more! Not to mention, a traditional Korean bath area located in the women's locker room where everyone goes au natural (and by that, I mean butt naked). Come early on a weekday to avoid the wild children and pay $10 less. You might want to have a big breakfast/lunch before visiting as well. The food is a tad on the expensive side.
The facility itself is nice but a little chaotic with kids running around. It would be great if there was a family floor or room for them. The customer service left much to be desired, they're slightly rude & not very helpful. I think their prices for massages, mani/pedis, body scrubs, etc. are a little steep but if you just want to enjoy some saunas, whirlpools & what not than it serves its purpose. I still gave them 3 *s since as I stated before, the facility is ok.
this is the kind of 3-star review where it's not "meh," but more a mash-up of awesome and deeply shitty. you know what i mean? it's like a mix of 5-star and 1-star qualities that average out to a 3-star review, rather than, say, going to a burrito place and being like, 'this was only an okay burrito so i will give it 3 stars'. so first, let's talk about 5 stars. the facilities are unbelievably awesome, so massive and incredible in scale and scope and level of finish. in particular, the single-sex baths and saunas on the ground floor are perfect. you get naked and sit in various hot pools and go from hot to cold and just relax, breathe, check out from the day-to-day for a minute. basically, if you have been to a spa somewhere in the world with this kind of tradition (korea, hungary, russia, etc.), it's like that but kicked up many notches, as it should be for the extremely expensive entrance fee. the co-ed areas are fine, too. the multiple themed saunas on the second floor (in "sauna valley," which i just find so amusing every time) are gimmicky but, indeed, hot and relaxing and if you go with your significant other of the opposite sex, you can hang with them there. the pools on the top floor are big, spacious, and somewhat relaxing as well. it's fun to be outside, in the rain, kicking back in a hot whirlpool. however, there is a major fucking problem at spa castle and it is called children. parents: leave them at home when you go to spa castle. few things are more stressful than sitting in a whirlpool while a 2-year-old girl in arm floaties holds a cup of melting ice cream sideways, slowly dripping the contents into the water while you watch in horror. and this is another issue with spa castle - the fact that "eating food" and "going to the spa" sort of bleed into one another in the worst way. ice cream melts all over the place, children with ketchup-smeared faces jump in the pool. once, a piece of fried chicken skin floated by my friends as they relaxed in the whirlpool. spa castle is dotted with cafes, so moving from sauna to whirlpool often means walking by a bunch of people shoveling down french fries, chicken wings, and korean stew. it's like going to a relaxing spa that is for some reason located in the seating area of a mall food court, and it's really a mood killer. so if spa castle wants to excel, it's gotta do two things: -day care for kids -  maybe a little spa for the tots, where they can drip all the ice cream they want -way more separation of food and spa - right now it's a little ridiculous
Hi all I visited the spa a few weeks ago - it was awesome. Compares well to the saunas (chim-chil-bang) in Korea. Although I've never made it out to King Spa in NJ, that's supposed to be quite good as well. Shame that the prices here are so much higher than in Korea... I recall the chim-chil-bang in Hyundai Beach costing about $8 (yes, that's eight dollars) to get in. But taking into account that you won't need $1,000 airfare to go to Inspa, $30-$50 isn't too bad... For a quick-fix there's also Pine Village, a mok-yok-tang in Flushing that's only $12 to get in. Certainly a dump by comparison, I've been going there for years and plan to continue to. One hot tub, one cold tub, dry and wet steam rooms, no common areas. The staff is very nice and it does provide a good level of relaxation for a low cost. - Russell
This place is worth every penny!! I have been here a few times and LUV it! Its a new spa so everything is new and high tech. This place is beautiful, heated wood floors, sauna's are made out of these beautiful crystal rocks, great eating area, flat screens and internet, sleeping area with heated floor, spacious locker rooms, indoor and outdoor pools, bathhouse in the locker rooms, newly added gym and very clean, they have aroma therepy pumping through the whole place. Great selection of food, a little high priced, but its a spa. $50 bucks and you can be there all day, they are open till 12am and the outside pool is beautiful after dark, with multicolor lights in the pool and around the building. They have a special on Fridays $35 after a certain time. This is a great place for a ladies day out or a romantic date with your honey. Great place for bachelorrete or birthday celebrations.....SUPER RELAXING!!! LUV IT!!!
Spa castle: what happened to you after everyone raved about you in high school? Why did you fall so far off of my radar that I didn't remember you existed until several years later? I don't know why you've been hiding in my mind for so long, but I'm glad you made it out safely. This place is ingenious- I've explained it to my friends as the Disnelyland of spas. For $45 on weekends ($35 weekdays), you get unlimited access to pools and saunas of varying degrees and one of the weirdest and coolest experiences in NYC. You're given a 'watch' that you must wear at all times that is unique to a locker where you can store your stuff in same sex locker rooms, and acts as a tab at the food vendors. The ground floor is same sex locker rooms that have nude only pools and showers where you're given a spa castle uniform that you must wear over your bathing suit. Upstairs from that are the saunas and food area with foot massages and beds on the mezzanine. My favorite floor is the third floor which has 3 pools on the inside and one pool outdoors. All are heated to 102 degrees and have separate chairs/contraptions for water massages. The day that I went couldn't have gone any better- there weren't too many people there, the food was surprisingly cheap and delicious, and it started snowing but the outside pool was delightful and kept us warm. This is a great place to go with friends from out of town after a long day, bachelor/bachelorette parties, or just any sort of relaxing social get together. I can't wait to have friends in town so I have an excuse to go back!
there's a method to enjoying yourself at a bath/sauna and it involves 3 steps.  1) Get naked  2) Get clean  3) Get sweaty.    Eat, nap, repeat. Girls, be comfortable with your bodies. Guys, be cool with being surrounded by naked dudes.  trying to cover up only brings attention to you.  and how come so many of you are surprised that you have to be nude to enter the baths?
i have been here since the beginning, before the name change (once inspa), before the herds of people thanks largely to the NY times review and tv plugs and even before all the new amenities (bar, internet) were installed. the price went up from 20$ to 35$ so fast all bc of course to the large crowds.  beautiful, spacious and a great place to "get away" this castle will make you feel like you are on vacation.  if it's not crowded of course.  go to the website, look at the pictures and you'll see what' im talking about.  the korean restaurant is not that shabby nor expensive and though their juices are fresh the prices are ridiculous. i love the scrubdowns the halfnaked old korean ladies give its 85$ or maybe it went up for scrub and massage and like 50$ for the scrub so why not get the package.   do not go on weekends or holidays it is insane.  go on a weekday but beware, i have been there at night time right before close (12am) and it had a large amount of people!
This is truly a spa built for access to the masses. That said, with their recent living social deal, everyone under the sun has invaded. Some of the staff were friendly, others outwardly hostile. No directions for anything were given upon check in. I wish staff would educate other visitors about the proper usage of facilities, as it seemed the majority had never been to what could be such a wonderful and relaxing place. I hate to say it but because of the coupon, it seemed as though the average client was a loud, classless fool. I'm happy with the facilities themselves (large, clean, etc) so I'll be coming back - just maybe after the popularity dies down a bit.
the idea of this place is much more appreciated than the place itself. From the outset the bathrooms just off the locker rooms did the place in for me.  After dropping off my shoes for my day of barefoot scariness, I made my way to the bathroom.  Are you serious? no shoes while using the very public bathroom? really? Now, I had more issue with my bare feet in the bathroom then the nudity around me - btw, some of the other reports dramatize the nudity, its not that bad at all.   so the concept is nice, however once you make your way to the second level, do yourself a favor and head to the third level....that is unless you want to partake in the many heated spas....very nice concept and layout over there...but on the side where the food is located, i will say this much - don't do it. For the money its not worth it, actually for the money it should be worth, its not worth it.   A for EFFORT here. on the third level are the bade pools, the aqua bar - the pools in this area had a very bathtub like feeling and within minutes began to gross me out. on the left side on the same  floor were actually really nice heated jet pools indoors that overlook the various jet massages in the outdoor arena.   we enjoyed the jets and sauna while we were there, and yes the class and taste of some of the clientele there is lacking severely - this is more of a testament to the questionable use of the facility, for a dating scene,  to the more laid back early 20's crowd who care more about their sexual desires than the courtesy of the persons around them.  watching the equivalent of teenagers hump in the jet pool, certainly  killed it for me.   all in all, im not sure this a place i would advise you visit once, nor will i make my way  back to college point for a second attempt.  I get it, I get the concept...if you really just want to check the place out once here is what i would suggest: go early during a weekday - they open at 6am it won't matter if it rains, they have indoor pools, not as exciting however relaxing. be prepared to be barefoot there are kids, not a ton, and there is a kiddie pool (fyi the infant in the bade pool near the aqua bar was a def. no  no - no wonder i had the feeling i was sitting in a warmly urinated tub) - uh yea there is a uniform - its no big deal don't bother with the food on the second and third level - it will cost you on so many levels  - trust! didn't bother with the fourth level - bottom line - if you've been to a luxury spa this will feel like the nice hotels' pool place....its nice, and worth the 35....but because thats it......you can pass and save yourself the future foot scrub!
Spa Castle was an AMAZING experience. A definite MUST. *The single sex bath area is quite nice (different temperature regulated pools, various pressure jets and hot rooms- but know that this area is NUDE ONLY, meaning no bathing suits, even for little babies) *You are able to put on your bathing suit and provided uniforms to experience all the other unisex floors. (The various hot rooms ie: GOLD/ JADE/ INFARED/ ICELAND/ MINERAL SALT) were all quite enjoyable. *The next level up offers an extremely hot, yet enjoyable foot bath area, as well as more seated massage tubs (try to go to this section early as funky particles tend to build up within the foam as the day goes on) *The outside pool are is quite nice as well... However, unless you like numb feet during quick sprints to various watering holes, it's more enjoyable in the summer! (But if you decide to go, bring your own very large towel to protect you from the cold and know that the jacuzzi is the most comfortable, the heated tub doesn't offer much comfort with 20 degree wind blowing in your face) *The aqua bar is quite nice too. The bartender Brian was great company and conversation! VERY GOOD MIAMI VICE (only needed one, to get the job Done) The steamed dumplings and nachos were good too! *To end the experience, I got a Body Scrub & Massage (Extremely relaxing and worth the $95 and to top it off... They throw in a mini facial! So unless you require some extensive face work, this massage will fit the bill) All in All... An overall great experience! The only CON was, I was mislead by the description of the food offerings! SKIP THE BUFFET, SO NOT WORTH IT but be aware that the sushi is more like (take out from a hole-in-the-wall). The Italian didn't look so bad but I had already spent $20+ dollars on sub-par buffet food and cheap style sushi that i didn't want to chance it. Next time I go I will try the Korean restaurant upstairs and indulge in some Italian cuisine. But, Great experience overall, and I will be going back!!!
NEVER AGAIN!!! One star is generous! Waste of money and time! Don't do it to yourself! Nothing relaxing or spa like about this place. The place is filled with a bunch of undesirables.
InSpa (Spa Castle) offers an awesome way to escape your crazy life and relax - for a price. I think it's a great alternative to going somewhere else, but it does get costly when the whole family goes. The pools are nice and the sauna's are great. Be prepared though that there are nude sections - but they offer  nice varieties of baths so it's worth checking out if you are comfortable. Advice: Not so great for young kids. Bring your own food. Bring a book and friends :)
I used to come here often to relax, but as it got busier relaxing wasn't an option. I love their wide selection of food. I prefer going to spa castle on a weekday, given that it'll be less crowded.
I bought a Living Social deal for Spa Castle, having never been there before.  I brought my boyfriend and instead of feeling relaxed and refreshed, we left feeling perplexed by our experience.   When you first get there, you stand in line to pay admission and to receive a watch-looking bracelet that serves as your locker key and a credit card to buy food and drinks.  After going through the turnstiles, you enter one of the gender-specific locker rooms, where you are issued a uniform reminiscent of a well-organized cult and then left to fend for yourself.  There is a naked section in each locker room with hot tubs and pools - this was probably quietest and cleanest-looking room but alas, you have to be willing to hang out with strangers in your birthday suit. The biggest problem is, of course, the hordes of screaming, unattended children in and around the pools.  I understand the management must mean well by allowing entire families in, but there should be a designated area for kids and their parents.  Relaxing in a sauna is not the same when a bunch of middle schoolers are hanging out in there and calling each other names.  There should have been more staff members supervising the area and enforcing all the rules that are already in place, but the one guy we saw was too busy surreptitiously taking pictures of women on the pool with his iPhone.  Lovely. Overall, there were probably good intentions behind this place but it's very strange and entirely too expensive without a coupon to even think about going back.
After reading about in the NYT, I couldn't wait to come home to check this place out.  $30 for all-day sauna?  I'm there!  I spent a week trying to convince people to go with me.  After a bunch of scheduling conflicts and rain dates, I finally nabbed a friend and we made it there at 6 pm on an extremely gorgeous spring day. Now, we didn't drive or take the bus.  We waited for the complimentary shuttle on the corner of 39th and Union.  We waited and waited.  I called to make sure we were in the correct spot.  Turns out we had to stand INSIDE the parking lot,  not on the corner outside.  The shuttle was a bit late and it turned out to be an 18-passenger minivan.  It was clean. The driver wasn't very helpful as we just stood out there and stared at the van.  I had to knock and ask to make sure it was ok to get in.... Once we got the spa, we were given the plastic bracelets and sent off into the locker room.  Once inside, we were completely confused.  How do the lockers work?  They weren't completely intuitive for the first-timers that we were, but we got it eventually.  There are separate lockers for shoes, which you run into first.  Then we grabbed our uniforms and 3 small towels from the desk.  Again, the lockers were a little difficult to operate.  Then we had no idea where the showers were.  Fine, we were spa n00bs.  I guess I give this place 4 stars only because the shuttle driver and the women at the towels desk were not as friendly/helpful as I would've hoped. Anyway,  the nude pool/shower area was nice, but not really our scene (again, we're n00bs who giggled at the word "naked" for a good 10 seconds).  Then we went up to the sauna floor.  There must've been 6-7 different saunas up there, including a cold one at 52 degrees (the hottest one reached 190 degrees).  They were all extremely nice and relaxing.   Pool area on the roof was insane.  You'll have to go there yourself to check it out.  I had no idea that so many different forms of massaging jet streams could exist.  And definitely go into the jacuzzi.  You'll never want to leave. So, I was there from 6 - 9 pm on a Wednesday night.  Granted, one of the sauna rooms looked like a crowded party at one point, but other than that, there was no other instance of crowding.  The place is insanely clean, and the food they serve there looks really good (we didn't buy any, since we were too busy gawking at everything else).  The showers are really nice, and they have soap and shampoo, so it's not necessary to bring anything.  Everything about the place is jaw-dropping -- from the amount of detail in the saunas to the amount of thought that must've gone into supplying just about everything you'd need.   All in all, it was a pleasant experience that I'm happy to have shelled out $30 for.  My friend agrees, and she's definitely the last person you'd ever expect to find at a spa.  I'm kinda sad that they're raising prices next month, but I'll still come back here on a weekday for $35.  =)
Spa Castle's website describes the huge variety of things you can do and have done to you so I won't go into it here.  I'll just review the few things that I did a Spa Castle.  I have to say that nothing you read online or hear from friends or reviewers here will quite prepare you for the experience of Spa Castle.  It's really big and there are tons of things to do.  We spent 5 hours there and probably could have closed the place down had we stayed to eat dinner. Everything is extremely well organized, tho a bit confusing to first time visitors like having to put your shoes in one locker right by the door and then use another bigger locker for everything else.  You pay an entry fee and then swipe your watch device over a sensor to put any extras on your account which you then pay for at the end.  You can get an extra towel, a robe, a head wrap, pumice stone etc.  Plus you use your "watch" to open your locker and to sign in for spa services.   I brought flip-flops because I imagined a place like this wouldn't be very nice to walk around barefoot, but I abandoned my flip-flops after a while because no one wears them so they get in the way, and the place really is incredibly clean.  You won't feel weird walking barefoot.   We started out in the heated jacuzzi.  It is outdoors near the top floor and warm enough to sit in even when it's very chilly out.  Words really can't explain how lovely it is to be sipping a drink outside looking at the stars and the moon while immersed in bubbling 104 degree water.  The jacuzzi can get crowded so then it's time to move to the bigger pool which is also heated but not as hot as the jacuzzi.  It has different nooks where you can sit and get massages by jets of water at different heights, depending on where you sit.  They also have a fountain.  There is a kiddie pool which was closed when we got there.  There is another pool and a sauna on this same level outside but we didn't go there.  We then headed to the 2nd floor where there is a little village of different saunas: jade, salt, gold, loess, LED, far-infrared, ice.  We tried them all.  The loess was great, really hot and in a big room so you didn't have to squeeze in.  The jade sauna is really beautiful and has great acoustics.  We had it to ourselves which prompted us to test the acoustics with an impromptu singalong.  All of the saunas were really clean and comfortable, all with bamboo mats on which to lie. I got a full body scrub ($70 for 40 min.) which I usually do whenever I go to places like this.  There isn't anything new age or aromatherapeutic about this scrub; it is purely utilitarian.  She gets off every last bit of dead skin from every nook and cranny of your body....EVERY nook and cranny.  She does this twice over, then massages you, stretches you and washes your hair.  I felt fabulous when she was done.  It really helps to work up a good sweat in the sauna before you go so that all your skin is in a state to be exfoliated.  The next day I felt so clean, inside and out.  I highly recommend the scrub.  My only complaint is that the woman doesn't speak much English so if you have any special needs make sure you talk to the person with whom you check in so that there won't be any misunderstandings. After my scrub I met my friend and we got drinks and headed back to the jacuzzi.  Drinks were a bit expensive; you are kind of forced to pay these prices because you can't really run out in your skivvies to grab a bottle from somewhere.  That said, it was worth it just to be sipping a drink in the jacuzzi under the stars.  We had another good steam after that and then got dried off and cleaned up to head out for dinner.  We were going to eat dinner in Spa Castle but I found their Korean menu a bit limited, and bet on being able to find something in the area that was better (Thanks Yelp for leading me to Mapo).  After 5 hours in Spa Castle I was ready for change of scenery.   I loved so much about this place the only downsides being a small language barrier and the price of drinks.  Only 1 star off for those little things.  I can't wait to go back here!
I was really excited that my baby surprised me by taking me here but it's better on paper than real life. I will not go into every detail cause I could be here all day but only one saunas was worth while the others were not hot enough. Bottom line is any place that has pool where you can eat food in is not my kind of place. Expensive on the weekend and really not worth it, your better off going to Mermaid spa in Coney Island.
Last year I had a great experience going to Spa Castle with all of my co-workers for our Staff Appreciation Day. It was a little pricey, but overall it was fine. Unfortunately, this year, when trying to schedule, their staff has been almost impossible to work with. People have varied between polite and rude, but no one has returned a single one of my calls.  The staff at a spa is supposed to be polite and accommodating, and create a relaxing experience. This has been anything but. I'm looking for a different spa.
The entry fee is $35 for access to the hot tubs and saunas. The hot tubs were cool but could have been hotter. The themed saunas were awesome, though. I liked the salt one the best (forgot the proper name) and the gold sauna. I went with my boyfriend when it opened on a weekday so it was perfectly NOT crowded. It could be romantic if it isn't too crowded (like on the weekends). The buffet was ridiculously overpriced- I almost had a heart attack. It was pretty good, though. Fresh fruit and veggies galore! I'd totally come back here with a friend or even by myself.
Extremely overpriced though at $50 a visit the spa now manages to keep out noisy, aggressive teenagers unless they come with their parents, which is a relief. However, the noise level has reached a nearly unbearable level as large groups of people rove throughout the building shrieking, laughing, and yaking up a storm in the saunas. Apparently, Spa Castle is now a "water park", which draws its own type of customers (teens and 20-somethings preferring a good water fight to warming up weary bones). It's much more like an amusement park than a Korean sauna now. I suppose there is no happy medium to please everyone, but I'm sad to report that the amusement park-goers won.
Last month, I took my sister here for her mini-bachelorette weekend; it was our first time. When we walked inside, I paid for us, since it was my treat.  They gave us these watches that has a sensor in it.  The face had a number on it, and that is your locker number.  We walked in, and there were these little lockers for our shoes.  Swipe the face of the "watch" against it and it opens.  Then, placed our shoes inside, and swipe it to lock it.  How cool!!  The main lockers are the same. The first floor is the locker rooms.  The second and fourth floors had food.  You would use your "watch" to get food, and you would pay when you leave.  We had the sushi, and it was REALLY good - the fish was very fresh.  The third floor has these indoor waist-level pools, and there are these two big outdoor pools/jacuzzis that have various types of water pressure.  We stayed outside for about an hour or two; it was MAGNIFICENT!!   The second floor has different saunas.  Outside the each sauna, it shows the temperature (F), and you can pick which level you like.  There's even a cold sauna, which is interesting, but wasn't much of a fan since the water from the ceiling was dripping on us.  However, the hot saunas were INCREDIBLE!! There are special services as well: massages, mani-pedi, facials, etc.  But we didn't do that since we spent most of our time everywhere else. We had such a great time here.  We were incredibly relaxed afterwards. I hope to come back!! :-)
This place is just weird. I recognize that they are trying to replicate the feel of Asian and European spas, but they miss the mark by adding booze and the smell of hot dogs. First of all - the uniforms. I'm not sure why these are required (modesty?) but for men in swim trunks to have to put on another pair of shorts is ridiculous; and requiring women to don shapeless, heavy cotton duds, when they're going to come off in 3 minutes is ridiculous. This is a spa; if you want modesty go elsewhere. Second - I don't know how people can actually have a relaxing experience when they're surrounded by 50 people who are splashing each other, yelling at each other, and/or drinking like they're at a club. The Jacuzzi-type jets feel great, but so do massages. I wish I had spent $45 on a massage. Third - Hot dogs? Ice cream? Cafeteria-style delivery? At a spa? Gross! Good things: the gender-specific bathing areas (actually relaxing); the saunas (fun and relaxing). Leave it to Americans to mess with three perfectly good systems: the spa, the bar, and the cafeteria. The three of these, when combined, do not equal the sum of their parts.
I went in with a friend today thanks to a living social promotion and I had a great time. Then again this was my first time going to a "spa" despite the negative reviews I enjoyed myself. Luckily it wasn't crowded for a Saturday (the front desk said because we were early and it was cloudy today) I enjoyed the hot tub, the jet pools outside and the kiddy pool. Yes I said kiddy pool, I actually had fun in it. There weren't many kids at all. The ones that were there were well behaved, I actually was relaxed in the pool but after being pruned soooo long I did feel dizzy. Facilities were clean, however the sauna had no steam it was just like a hot sunny day in NYC to me. Nothing special. In the womens' locker room there was a nude only pool. I'm ok with nudity, but I'm not going into a pool naked with naked strangers, bathing suits should be worn to protect spread of diseases etc. To me that's discrimination my friend and I had to be naked to enter those pools. Also the sleeping area was not relaxing. I heard everyone's conversations. It should be built as a seperate large room like the suanas not open space with dividers. I would of loved a nice massage but I am not spending extra (I'm a cheap-O) LOL Overall had fun, I would come back during a week day but I don't believe its worth the full price of $50.
This is not your ordinary private rub down spa. More like a group activity. This place is packed with people, so it's more like an amusement park then relaxing spa. If you are looking for something quiet and private, this isn't for you. But if you are looking to have fun group spa day, this is good for that. Sauna and steam rooms are coed, but showers and lockers are separated. If you are going to go, I recommend you go during summer time, so that you can use roof top Jacuzzi. Overall, I had a good time. Food is ok and priced around $10-18.
I love spa castle, I always have a great time, it makes me feel like I am on vacation. My 4 year old daughter asks to go here a lot, great place to go with friends or kids, best time to go is early on a weekday or at night I imagine.
I got the special offer on livingsocial, $25 per person for weekend and 20 for weekdays. We got there at 1pm and left at 5pm. There are a lot of families, so watch out for kids. I dislike there's no sign in the shower room/ locker room that says "no camera" allowed, because u can't take shower with clothes on but there are too many girls with cameras on... So if u r getting nude watch out for the camera. I decided not to use the shower or get into the hot tub in the locker room. The pools are on second floor and a lot of sauna on second floor. A lot of selection for food. They also have sleeping room, overall is okay with $25 but I won't go for $45 regular ticket price not worth for $45.
Visited Spa Castle on 5/30/14. Spent an hour on the men's  "Wet Level" in the pools and dry and wet saunas. Then spent an hour in "Sauna Valley" in the Infrared and Jade Saunas, and Iceland. This morning, fungus on bottoms of my feet. First time ever in the hundreds of times I've visited Spa Castle that this has occurred.  Maintenance and cleanliness is critical to a business like this, and it is clear to me that Spa Castle's focus is on adding  "frivolous touches" to make the place look nicer instead of focusing on what is essential.
This place was not very relaxing. I was too busy dodging kids that were running around like maniacs.  The wait for the body scrub was about 4 hrs long and.. they dont give you towels!   You have to pay $2 and leave a deposit to get a towel.  I mean, really?  You pay $45 admission on a weekend and they cant even give you a measly towel.  Plus, I felt cleaner before I went into the place.
This place has the feel of a community pool/recreational swim center. There's four floors. The fourth floor is composed of indoor seating for people to sit around. The third floor has a hinoki hot tub, two outdoor swimming pools with very strong jets, lots of children playing in the water and moving currents, and a kiddie pool. There's also two small indoor swimming pools where people can sit and drink. The second floor is my favorite, there's chairs and tables to lounge at, and different types of saunas with varying temperatures to sit in. There's the jade sauna (no jade though), gold sauna (glitzy gold color on the walls), colored light therapy sauna, far infared sauna, ice room w/ melting ceiling etc. This floor also sells overpriced food and has a salad bar. The first floor is where the lockers, showers and seated bathing area are, and nude hot and cold pools. This floor is kept a bit stifling warm, probably to help people dry off faster. Spa Castle is fun if you're looking to do something different for the day (splash in the water, get sprayed by jets, and sit in a sauna), but it's not for those seeking the luxurious, relaxing, quiet spa resort experience. Bring your own swimsuit or rent one. Small towels, and gallon size communal containers of cheap shampoo, conditioner, and body wash are provided. Btw, this place isn't that clean. I am also suspicious that the kids pee in the pool.
I went to Spa Castle for the first time last week, and it was unlike anywhere I have ever been. The first floor is gender-segregated, and contains the various hot and cold baths, as well as some saunas and showers. Yes, it's true, everyone has to be naked to use the baths in this area. It's NOT A BIG DEAL. People have sexualized nudity to the point that they can't even enjoy themselves in a spa for fear that some 90 year-old woman will look at them naked. Everyone is naked, no one cares what you look like. If you were allowed to wear a bathing suit, it would make the people who choose to be naked feel like weirdos--not fair. Of course it's awkward at first, but I think it's actually a great way to get over some of your body issues, as you are forced to realize that pretty much no one in there has the type of body you see in magazines etc. That aside, this area is incredibly relaxing, and much quieter than the upstairs. I ended up spending most of my time here. Upstairs they have a ton of saunas with different themes and temperatures--you definitely have to try the ice sauna. The LED sauna was kind of cool too, you could choose your own mood lighting. I loved the pools on the roof, but, like others, did not like that there were children there. I love children, but if I'm paying $45 to get into a spa, I don't want to worry about pee in the pool and hear screaming.  When I went, the pools were so packed, I had to wait to try the different jets, and couldn't even visit some areas because they were so crowded-- I suggest you strategize and go in the middle of a weekday if you can. The biggest drawback of this place is that they don't let you bring your own food inside, and then have an overpriced, mediocre cafeteria to buy food in. And you WILL buy food, because you paid $45 and are probably going to spend 4+ hours there. LAME. When you leave, there are showers with shampoo, toothpaste, toothbrushes so you can clean up. They also have enormous mirrors, lotion, hair products, and hairdryers. I left feeling squeaky clean and refreshed. Excellent experience overall!
After hearing about this place from a coworker, I decided to give it a try. My review is based on going on a weekday and not on the weekend, when the entrance rate is about $5-$10 dollars more. Overall the experience was good, but would prefer if the massages weren't so expensive. The pool area's are wonderful and you can relax and in a variety of different saunas. Overall I would visit again... If your considering going be prepared to spend about 70 bucks per person..
I went there with a living social deal on the weekends, long line to get in. Waited approx. 20 minutes or so. It was my first time there, and overall it was okay. I was just not very comfortable being completely naked at the ladies' locker room and bath. This place has great decor, the saunas are cool, but the food is crazily expensive. I bought a plate of fruits for $17. Bring your own food, I guess? This place actually has a lot of potential to be perfect, but too bad there were too many kids and people were just so loud. Not relaxing at all... but it's fun for hanging out like everyone says.
You're either dumb, stupid or CLEARLY uneducated  to give Spa Castle a bad review. If you're not comfortable walking around naked, then don't. If you're not comfortable with having children near you, go while school is in session. Or go late. If  you can't find food to eat at Spa Castle then clearly your food palette does not deserve to savor the delicious culinary yumminess that is offered all throughout the building. Don't knock Spa Castle for your own neurosis. Spa Castle rocks your socks off!! Heated floors, sushi, Korean bbq, strong delish frozen drinks, amazing bade pools and hot tubs, healing saunas, wonderful massages, and COME ON a napping area?! YES! YES,YES! Go early.. get your money's worth.
I love spa castle a nice spa just to relax and enjoy your me time. The sauna are great for relaxing the jacuzzi are nice and warm could be a tad hotter but I was content .... A great get away in NYC
I went here once with my boyfriend and had a great experience. It was our first time and we were there on a raining saturday, 5 hours before closing. It was CLEAN and EMPTY that day, guess cause it was almost closing. The cleaning staffs in the ladies side was RUDE and had BAD ATTITUDES. When I got there, I asked for the pink clothes and the two ladies there looked at each other, one sucked their teeth and handed me the clothes. It was my FIRST TIME, how was I suppose to know I had to do everything myself. Those two kept rushing people to leave the sauna rooms 1 hour before closing because "they had things to do". Everything you want to do or get is paid separately from the entrance fee. Food, massages, drinks, etc... all needed to be paid for when you leave the place and return the little wrist watch. (Watch is used to open and lock the lockers and to pay for food) But one thing for sure, I left feeling so good and relaxed! Occasionally, you'll see a promotion on groupon or livingsocial
I came here on 2/5 and new york got hit hard with ice storm. I was crossing my fingers and hope not that many people there. No...I was wrong. I guess this place so attract for people to come here no matter what. But, the weekday crowds make me relax as well b/c not that many kids. I think I saw not more than 5 kids. That is good...~~  I don't want any kids fighting outdoor pool with me. Ha~~ Food: way too pricey. The salad bar is small and not that many variety. Fruit only: $10 per lb Mix:  $12 per lb. I had lunch bento box. $15 , awful...awful.. I should have choose Korean food since it's own by Korean people and it shouldn't go wrong with their own food. Eat your lunch / dinner before you come here. Well, at least one hour before come here. So you can enjoy lay down in those hot sauna rooms and feel good about it. Smoothies: $6 each. My gosh, it's kind of small. Shaved Ice: $12 Water bottle (in spa castle) : $2. Vitamin Water: $2.5 Gatorade: $2.5 Bring your empty bottles. They have a water fountain by the entrance of private showers Towels : Bring your own "home" / "big" towels.  Big towels : $2 per each at spa castle. Their white small towels are very small and you have to get a lot of them to wipe your body after showers. facial moisture cream: bring your own. I don't theirs. Hair Brush: I don't think you want to share with other people. Shampoo/ Conditioner/ Body Wash:   they have there. Don't need to bring any. Parking: Valet Parking (free !!!) until midnight. It's up to you if you want to tip them or not. Overall, i enjoy relax here. I will purchase more discount tickets at this year's korean fare. Save me some $$$...:)
This place is one of those awesome weird gems of New York, where you definitely sound like a seasoned New Yorker when you explain it to people. The novelty value alone should entice you to try it at least once, even if you're not a spa person--which I'm definitely not. It's $35 on weekdays, $45 on weekends, and you can easily spend a few hours there without getting bored. Both times I've been, it's been in March, which is great--not freezing, and hanging out in the outdoor upstairs pool gives you a summer-y feel. Stuff to know: --Not intimidating to get here on the subway, although it sounds like it is when you read the website. The shuttle is like a two minute walk from the train stop. --The naked part is really naked. The awesome thing is, you totally do get this added dose of body confidence hanging out there. Everyone's hanging out like it's NBD, and it's definitely not Manhattan model-y types like you see in the SoulCycle or Equinox gym changing rooms. --If you want to hang out in the upstairs pool, I'd recommend coming pre-noon on a weekend. It gets crowded and there are lots of kids who are treating it like a water park. --Food is expensive, but I'd be surprised if it wasn't--it is kind of theme-park like. --Three drink maximum, but some of the drinks are like, Long Island Iced Teas with five kinds of alcohol. So if you want to get hammered, I guess the takeaway is order wisely? --I've never had a spa service, so I can't comment on that. Overall, fun way to spend a lazy weekend day hanging out with friends.
I've been hearing about Spa Castle for years and finally decided to make my way out there when I had access to a friend's car. A few of my lady friends and I headed out there on a Tuesday evening so paid the $35 weekday admission ($45 on the weekend). NOTE - Apparently the prices go up $5 come February 1, 2014. At first, the YMCA/high school security entrance system was a little off-putting and took away from the relaxing vibe I was hoping to achieve but they may have had problems in the past and had to institute it. Overall, the place was really relaxing but the little sensors on the lockers in the ladies' room would NOT stop going off and you could hear at least a dozen beeping non-stop the entire night. The beeping wasn't audible from the saunas or pools, but you had to endure it the entire time you're changing, using the bathroom, showering, and getting dressed afterward. It was a bit infuriating. The saunas upstairs are pretty nice, though they didn't seem as hot as the Russian saunas I usually go to. This was my first experience in saunas where you lay down (versus sitting around on benches), and it was pretty relaxing, but that could have also contributed to the lower temp, as heat rises and I was on the floor. The pool area was my favorite, as there were several options, including hot and dry saunas. Neither of the two cold pools was that cold so I went with the cold plunge shower, which was quite icy. There were a few kids there and it wasn't too crowded on a late Tuesday night, so it wasn't too bad, but I would imagine it gets unbearably crowded and loud on the weekends, when it's also $10 more expensive, so I'll stick to the weeknights, thank you very much!
Though this stuff is not new to me, I decided to give it try. It's kind of good as what they offer is pretty good: Hot and cold saunas, bar, Korean food, relaxing massage (which you must pay for before you leave!) and a nude hot saunas. Bad thing: they allow children here and the clientele is a bit lower class. If this was 60 bucks per person, they would attract a more upscale clientele. Try it once and decide!
I went with two female friends and had an awesome time! We went in the evening which was nice because by the time we got there around 6:30 - 7pm on a Saturday, people were clearing out like crazy. (it seems they're super busy during the day) Plus we wanted to avoid the kids... lol anyway it was our first time there so we tried everything. There were numerous saunas and 4 different pools, 2 inside, 2 outside.  The outdoor pools were heated and amazingly romantic (I will definitely be bringing my boyfriend next time ; ). It was quite chilly running from one pool to the next, but the Jacuzzis were lovely.  We were there about 4 hours, didn't get any additional services and it was still an amazing experience. So don't think  you necessarily have to get the individual services. hope this helps!!
Goodness, gracious.. this place has gone downhill over the past few years. Worst staff I have ever come across. From the moment I checked in, to paying for my extras at the end... it just felt like a factory. No smiles, no thank you's. Also, the people that now go here are loud and rude. HOW RELAXING! ..... NOT. The Korean lady doing my naked scrub (not knowing I was also Korean) told her co-worker in our native language that my boobs were too big for my body & that would cause me back trouble later in life. What the hell??? Don't hate, appreciate my jugs. The only reasons why I am giving Spa Castle even a chance of a star is that at the end of the day, the facility was kept clean and I still enjoy the choices of the hot rooms, wet steam rooms, etc. Also, the girl at the smoothie/drinks counter was the only nice & accommodating staff member that I encountered. Oh, by the way.. if you're Korean~ our "special coupons" are now expired. Apparently it was announced in some newsletter that no one reads. I know most of you were promised that these would never expire. So much for that. *DISCLAIMER* THEY DON'T TAKE AMEX!
Spa Castle has changed a lot in the last few months.  The last time I went was back in April and it has changed for the worse. The have added a "Members Only Lounge" and "Aqua Lounge" on the 2nd floor.  You can rent the Aqua Lounge for $20 an hour and both rooms are completely visible to those outside the rooms.   In order to make room for these lounges they reduced the bathrooms and locker rooms on the 2nd Fl.  After coming out of the pool there is barely enough room for 3 people to change in the locker room.  Most people go back to the locker rooms downstairs, in their wet bathing suits, to change. They changed the indoor foot pool to include tables and they took out the bench that you could sit on while water would flow on your back.  It looks like they will be serving food and alcohol in this pool soon.  The started serving food and drinks in the other indoor pool sometime last year and its disgusting.  I have seen drinks and food spilled in the pool by multiple people. They also seem to be catering to rowdier crowd without having sufficient staff to maintain order.  Now that they serve alcohol this is a major concern although I see they limit drinks to 3 per wrist watch. I have been going to Spa Castle since 2007.  I have had my ups and downs with the place but yesterday the vibe was really off.  I think they have accepted the fact that they are not a true spa for rest and relaxation and are changing accordingly.
Put me down on the list of people raving about Spa Castle.  I went for my Birthday yesterday and could not make myself go home.  First I was leaving a 4:00pm, than 6:00pm, then 8:00 pm.  When I finally did leave at 8:30 pm it was a close thing, and I had a bus ride back to Astoria. The buffet is excellent with high-quality foods like Shrimp, Squid, and salmon as well as an array of fresh fruit and delicious staples like sausage and peppers for those not watching the weight. Yes, there are children, but this makes for an open, welcoming environment for a first-time spa goer. The outside pool on a frosty day? Hot, exotic delightful. Come early, stay late.  The best thirty-five dollars you will ever spend.  Come during the week when it is less crowded though.
The lady on the from desk told us the indoor pool and shower close at 2. I felt asleep, and by the time they make the announcement, it was 20 minutes before 2. When I went downstairs, they close the fucking shower room, do you expect me to lick myself clean? And why are you making ppl going in bare foot when you can't keep the floor clean and dry at all times? Nothing like the ones in i been in Japan.Fuck this place, never coming back again
Loved it! but quite pricey for a general spa experience. $35 x 6 plus food! We went on the weekend of Mother's Day to treat, Mom of course. The weather was beautiful and not too crowded. There were a lot of people but not over bearing. 1. It is smart to have the ticket line lead to each locker room 2. I expected the bright orange uniforms, the one size fit all idea does not work though, so they need to revise that. 3. Beware of the nude women in the Bade Pools. These pools were the most appealing to me on the website and then I realized that I had to be nude to enjoy it so my excitement went away real quick 4. Please try and get the Lounge room early because you will have to wait a long time, I fell asleep woke up and fell asleep again. Don't worry I was not being greedy, this is the norm for this room as there is no time limit, the lights are dim and the lounge chairs are very comfortable. 5. The food court is cool and satisfies all your cravings from Asian Bistro, Salads, Fruits, Fast Food and how could I forget the Bubble Tea and Smoothie options. 6. I loved the key device that was used for your locker but as a tally for all your purchases. This system is very impressive because you don't need any cash inside, but better believe when you return that key-watch you have to pay your tab. 7. The place was very clean to the eye, but I still did not like the towels on the floor in the restroom. I saw people cleaning all the time, but I never really feel clean with a wet towel around if it is not mine. 8. There are seats EVERYWHERE you can be sure you will find a place to lounge. I even saw people who had their laptops. 9. The Sauna options are CRAZY there is so much to choose from that I would go peeping in one to the other. I felt like a big kid ;) 10. This place is a true relaxers haven the outdoor pools were so much fun. Each one had it's own cool feature. 11. This place is for everyone, of all ages and all sizes. Couples, groups of friends, families, etc. I think that is what I loved about this place the most, the inclusive nature of it was very inviting. 12. We entered at 2 and left around 8 and people were just coming in at 8ish- 9pm. That blew my mind, but it made sense because the majority of the crowd was gone. 13. I did not get any of the extra treatments like the message, manicure, pedicure etc, but I liked the fact they had them available even teeth whitening. 14. Try SPA CASTLE at least once it will be an experience to remember ;)
Where are no stars when you need them??? Poop floating in outdoor pool. Need I say more about the cleanliness, or lack thereof. Gross icky wet floors where we walked barefoot in fear of monster athletes foot. The facility is sprawling and beautifully designed but unclean. Not my idea of soothing and relaxing with tons of people, noise and children running around and splashing in the therapy pools. Expensive food. One person doing spa pedicures and manis so we couldn't get an appointment for hours. Senseless nudity with children around. Hope you all have a better time. Still have a gift certificate I am trying to get rid of!
*If you want peace and quiet you must go in the AM ! and that's what I did. This place is relaxing,  very neat- and respectful. The bathrooms were very clean and also had a place to blow dry your hair, lotion up and even brush your teeth! The admission price is worth it ! And you get to be there all day. I got the 30 min body scrub and it was AWESOME! HER HANDS WERE busy for the whole 30 mins. I got my money's worth. Love this place. Just don't come after 12...it will be crowded.
I am a Korean scrub addict.  There - I've said it.  I love this place in a completely unapologetic, unfettered way, except for the overpriced food bar.  But why are you there for the food?? Starting with the complimentary shuttle to get you out there - which is necessary if you don't have a car.  It's a trek from the Flushing station, to the many, many add on options, it's great.  But the real appeal is the body scrub, which is straight up like the ones I love in LA (Olympic), Atlanta (Jeju),  and even a few in the K-town section of Manhattan...but massive. I am so baby soft today.  So very, very silky soft...
Spa Castle was NOT what I expected hearing excellent reviews from homosexual males. As a female who has been to more than one spa, I expected the works: complimentary razors, mouthwash, hairbrushes, etc. There was nothing like that- but according to my male date - all of that was included in the men's locker room!!! That REALLY made me upset. I understand that some women aren't give the respect they deserve in certain cultures - but not in America!!! I am a woman at a American spa!! A spa castle!!! I want to feel like a princess not a second class citizen because I don't have a penis! Other than that - everything was what I expected. Everything they say is true. My favorite part was the cold room
Hate to say it, but this place is going down the tubes. It used to be that the worst quirk you had to put up with was a wild band of children running around shrieking, cramping your chi. My husband and I went early (8 am) on a Friday on his day off, and were initially pleased that we seemed to have the place to ourselves. However, that soon changed. My impression is that a ton of people from the Bronx and outer Brooklyn have found the place and set up shop with a vengeance. I was truly disgusted to see not one but two women walking around in thongs around the pool, and one of them was literally straddling her boyfriend both in and out of the pool. I thought this was supposed to be family friendly? Later, I literally saw that same woman WITH HER TOP OFF in the relaxation room. Truly off-putting. This might be the standard during the summer (I've only gone in the winter), but it was enough to not warrant additional trips back, as my relaxation was undone by my discomfort of the situation and the complete absence of any staff.
Going to spa castle was the best spa experience EVER! First of all, you pay a flat fee enter and use their facilities for the entire day! And trust me time flies when your relaxing! Once you enter, they give you a "uniform" you have to wear and you can go bare foot. This place is so clean that you can do that no problem. The bottom floor has a the locker rooms, showers, and mineral baths. The first floor has a food court, drinks (starbucks, bubble tea), private massages and facials for an extra price, sitting areas and tv's, many different saunas, a heated floor where you can just lie down and sleep, a UV ray area, and an ice room to cool off. The mezzanine has lounge chairs with tv's attached, so you can sleep or relax. The third floor, has two outdoor pools, attached by a sauna, jacuzzi, japanese hot spring, an indoor pool with a bar, and bade pools that will massage your back, neck, legs, etc. The fourth floor has a gym, bar, and massive food court with delicious korean food. It is everything you can ask for! The food is pricey here, but you can bring in your own food and water/snacks to eat during the day. It's a great place to relax with friends and family. I wouldn't go on a weekend (it costs more and theres way too many people you need to wait forever to get a good spot in saunas, pools etc.) The only thing I didn't like are the mineral baths, they really don't do much as they say. But their $1 facials are AWEsome! For $35 on a weekday, take the day off and relieve some stress. It's well worth it. I've never felt so relaxed.
A group of us took the #7 subway to the last stop & then had a bit of trouble locating the stop for the Spa Castle shuttle. Turns out it is on 39th Avenue & Union Street (across the street from a bank & a shop named Magic Castle ) INSIDE the municipal parking lot. Contrary to what we had heard, there is no sign indicating the shuttle stop. The shuttle came about 2 minutes later-- not according to the posted schedule but PERFECT timing for us! You pay the entrance fee/get a wristband ID & then walk directly into the women's locker area. Your shoes go into one locker & your clothes into another. The lockers are locked/unlocked using the wristband (& your lockers are assigned according to your wrist band number). The people who worked there were helpful when asked questions but otherwise provided no information, so we just kept asking "Where do we go next?"  & "What do we do now?" Our group consisted of 4 women who have known each other for  20+ years but we don't see each other often & we certainly aren't usually naked together. However, we did read the info available online & had a general idea of what to expect & we all wanted to check this place out- we brought bathing suits but not much else. Two of us are the least likely people EVER to go to a spa, while one of us loves massages/facials. Yet, at the end of the day we all agreed: WE LOVED OUR SPA CASTLE EXPERIENCE! It is well worth $45; none of us made reservations for any extra treatments. This "field trip" was for info gathering, fun & relaxation! Like most women, we each have our own body issues & one had even expressed some concern being seen in a bathing suit (although being naked didn't bother her). However, the first 2 customers we saw in the Women's locker room were two HUGE (350 pounds apiece easily) young women & that was quite liberating-- a reminder that we weren't going to have the best bodies there OR the worst! LOL We put on our (provided) loungewear and did a little exploring (read: we were hungry & went to the 2nd level to eat-- dumplings, steamed corn, etc) Good people watching, too! It is nice to have the wristbands to charge-as-you-go. We also liked the heated stone floor tiles, too, since we were barefoot. I am glad that my first trip was with other women (vs. going with my spouse or alone) because we spent HOURS in the many different pools/tubs that are on the same level as the women's locker room. If I had been there with my husband we might have felt some obligation to spend more time in the coed areas; it was also fun to have people to share this new experience with. The all-women tubs were GREAT! Yes, there were some young kids there but they certainly were not unruly. For me, part of the appeal of the bath house experience is that it IS a family place. However, some adult customers were unwilling to follow the rules (insisting on wearing their bathing suits in these tubs and saunas) & THEY seemed silly! Yeah, yeah, we know you paid money to get in but as they say "When in Rome do as the Romans do.." None of us did the professional scrubbing but we all bought the special scrubbing cloth ($1) and enjoyed the area that is set up for you to bathe yourself while sitting down (hand shower, body wash, shampoo provided). One friend said she wishes she could replace her shower/bath at home with this! We put our bathing suits on (& back into our "jammies") and slowly made our way to the third floor. We spent some time on the second floor-- having frozen yogurt, rehydrating, checking out some of the special saunas, etc   Then we went to the rooftop tubs. GLORIOUS! We were there as day turned to night. Only one outside tub is REALLY hot (& the weather was REALLY cold) so although it was clear we were interrupting some young couple's (ahem) private moment this IS a public place! We soaked & soaked until we could take no more. Back in the locker room we checked out some of the quieter sleeping rooms-- one has a matted floor that is heated but not too hot. We rested, then moved out to the lounge/sofa area & rested some more! We lotioned up, put our clothes on & checked out. We waited a short while for the shuttle & headed back to Manhattan on the #7--- we were happy, relaxed & sparkling clean! A wonderful Saturday. p.s. We all agreed that Spa Castle's towels are too tiny & we spent $1 each to rent large bath size towels. This charge requires scanning your wristband & a signature so we just had one do it for four towels. A deposit was required. You must rescan when you return the towels- which was done. However, at check out there was a fee ($40??) because there wasn't any record of the towels being returned! Once we explained that we followed the procedure and also put the towels in the correct bin the charge was quickly & GRACIOUSLY removed.
Not a spa.. More like a water park/spring break cesspool/food court/ day care castle. Needless to say it is not relaxing, feels dirty, is loud and also expensive. I would not recommend it to anyone looking to relax or trying to make their body feel good.
I've been going back few times this year! I still like the baths, steam and varieities sauna rooms, but the services and maintenance are not living up to 4 stars! some of the ladies who worked there like they're sick of trying to pick up towels and people dripping water on the floor outside of bathing house, i'm sorry it's not the best job in the world, but what they forgot was in hospitality industry, customers rule, and you simply do not yell at your customers! noted the s. I usually go on weekdays to avoid the crowd but sometimes still couldn't avoid crowds, and what i also noticed was that during my half day there, i haven't seen a single cleaning person to wipe the mats in hot sauna rooms.  It kind of gross me out after seeing a guy sweated so much after being in 180s temp room!  They added a dining room on the 4th floor, serving korean noodles and rice dishes in addition to second floor's buffet by the pound dining.  starting 2/1/14, there's $10 increase in admission. I hope the management can keep up w the maintenance and service for the future.
hidden gem in NYC. If you want a day to relax, this is the place to go. You pay an entrance fee and you get to use the pool, shower, saunas, unlimited. However, it is overpriced. I was expecting the food to be covered in the cost but its not. The food itself was not really good. Just mediocre. The massages were mediocre, I asked for the Aroma Therapy massage but got a Swedish massage. Also got a body scrub, whcih i do recoomend, Honey Milk Body Scrub. Leaves your skin feeling smooth.
Pros: - Clean and innovative facilities (genuinely enjoyed the "not allowed under 16 relaxation room" and the heated rooftop pool) - Awesome range of sauna rooms with varying temperatures and decor - Hours are awesome (e.g. you can stay all day) Cons: - Those clean facilities get dirty very fast with the crazy children running around throwing their fries into the said pools - The sauna rooms (with the exception of the lodge) are extremely small and at max can fill 8 people which means you're awkwardly peering into the glass making eye contact with the sweaty people inside - Yes the sauna is open til midnight but the staff and service will not make you want to stay Amount of stress received at Spa Castle = Amount of stress you relieve from going to a spa
Spa Castle has finally brought the fun of Korean spas - known as jimjilbangs - to New York! After having spent a summer in Seoul, my husband and I were really excited to try this place. Although the prices - $35 weekdays/$45 weekends - are much steeper than you'd find in Korea, they didn't deter us from giving this place a try. The place certainly lived up to its expectations, and even made some nice American-style adjustments to the traditional Korean bath house model. Most of the areas are co-ed where people wear either their pajamas or bathing suits, which is nice if you go to the spa with your opposite-sex significant other. The same-sex area by the lockerooms still had ample baths and a sauna and steam room though, so you can pamper and exfoliate yourself before lathering up in aloe lotion. We had no problem spending 5 hours here, and wished we had more time! The best part of the complex is the outdoor pool/hot tub area on the roof. The pool is full of various high-pressure jets that massage every part of the body. Our favorites were the foot jets that pleasantly pounded the bottoms of our feet. The earthy wood hot tub is also a nice treat. On the second level, the various hot saunas and cold room were fun to sample, although some of the small saunas get pretty crowded (we were there on a Sunday). The biggest and hottest sauna had plenty of space though, and we enjoyed sweltering in there. I wouldn't recommend going for the extra services such as the massages and facials, since they are about the same price as any other establishment, as others Yelpers note. Getting there was a total breeze  - the shuttle driver was very courteous and left promptly on schedule both times. I would definitely go back, and would tell my friends to go too. Try to go on a weekday for the lower price and to avoid the crowds. But even on the weekends, the crowds aren't so bad in the evening. Around 7pm on a Sunday, my husband and I practically had the out rooftop pool area to ourselves.
the hype is true.  spa castle is an oasis from the grind of the city.  $45 (or $41ish if you have a group of 10+) for  a day pass.  i went for a bach party and there was at least one other group celebrating nuptials.   i did the whole free shuttle from the 7.  note: you should plan to get to the shuttle a little early to guarantee you get a seat.  the vans seat 16, so if you are  a large group you might have to send one group on first. i was a little perturbed by the food buffet so close to the massage chairs, but over all a grand experience.  the sauna rooms were the best for me, though it wish the cold sauna was colder.   note you must where your uniform unless in a sauna or bath.  my friend got scold as she trotted in only with her swimsuit.  some saunas don't allow you to bring reading material in.  i'm sure kindles and e-readers are an absolute no no.   on my way out i notices an ad that said, spa castle locations coming soon = manhattan.  get ready city.  spa castle coming to you.
I love Spa Castle!  I first visited for a bachelorette party, and later for a personal and solo spa day.  The price is affordable, and the place is clean.  The food is overpriced, so I prefer to eat before hand and afterwards in one of the numerous tasty and budget eats in Flushing.  I especially enjoy the saunas and baths downstairs in the nude area. Note: Catch the Q25 towards College Point on Main Street, to the left of Duane Reade.  There's also a shuttle to and from Main Street, but it runs less frequently.
Ok, so I'm naked in the Men's locker room and bath area with the world's tiniest towel barely covering my privates (OK, that's up for debate...). I'm also partially blind from not having my glasses on. That's good since I don't want to see clearly any man-sausages while I'm showering and bathing in the heated and freezing baths. Hmm, let's start at the beginning: I went with my girlfriend to Spa Castle because it was a spa. It seemed cool enough and I decided to try it out. It was interesting how they gave me a bracelet with some sort of chip that opened a specific locker... As soon as I entered the locker room, I saw some naked men - this was going to be awkward to say the least. So I'm supposed to rinse off in the shower then bathe in some small warm/hot pools. After I went through all the temperature-controlled baths, including a freezing one with a shower, I entered the medium (if you can call it that) heat steam sauna. I decided not to try the high heat sauna because I believed I would heat stroke. They give you these t-shirts (white/gray) and blue shorts (and no undies) that would serve as basic clothing in the common area. I must say, after the welcoming committee of male privates and cold showers, I was intent on going to the common area. The common area is divided into several parts: a massage area, an eating/sitting area, a sleeping-on-the-floor area, a "special" sauna area, a relaxing room, and an outdoor swimming pool/hot tub. The massages looked fun, but cost an arm and a leg. The food was equally expensive too. The sleeping-on-the-floor area looked interesting, with the heated floor.... The special saunas were unique and I must say I nearly fell for the hype. It became a game to see how long my girlfriend and I could stay in a hot sauna before we had to flee. After each different hot sauna, we went into the cold sauna... to be cool, pun intended. I almost did a massage with my girlfriend before she pointed out the extreme cost of the massages. $60 per hour of massage. I think I'd rather have my girlfriend massage me for free... At least I know I'll enjoy it. The cost is scary high; essentially I paid $45 per person to see some male genitals, sleep on the floor, and alternately burn and freeze in some claustrophobic rooms. It was an otherworldly experience, and I might go again. Overall, I recommend people go at least once to see if it fits them.
Seriously! The place is okay. But NEVER EVER get a SKIN CAREEE,, TERRIBLE!!!!! The worse i got in my life. All they do is massage for a bit and stay out of the room for about 15min before it is over.
I come here at least once a month. This is a great place for everyone, for people with kids, for couples, for friends or you can come alone. You can always find something to do! But the most important is the quality of the saunas! They are very good! You would think that you are in a privet sauna! Clean, hot, just the right amount of humidity!
Have been to Spa Castle twice, both on weekdays.   Pros: 1. Pools!  Jets!  Relaxation! 2. Interesting saunas (gold, salt, color therapy, cold sauna) 3. Napping room (althought it's usually full) 4. Those watches, which allow you to leave your wallet in your locker.   Cons: 1. TOO MANY CHILDREN.  Signs clearly say "No Swimming," which children clearly ignore.  If I'm relaxing in the pool, I don't want some kid with goggles swimming into my legs.  It's not a public pool.  Last time I went, there were a group of teens playing chicken in the pool.  I found it irritating.  It's a spa, damnit!   2. I feel like there should be at least one more outdoor pool.  It gets crowded.   3. Food and drinks are expensive.  Once you're in, they've got you.  A mixed drink is $14.  Yowza.   4. This just might be me, but I certainly don't want to be walking into bathrooms barefoot.   So to summarize, to make Spa Castle better, in my opinion: 1. More outdoor pools 2. Make it 18+ or 21+ 3. If it had a lazy river, I'd be here everyday.
my lovely stepsister's Yelp review of Spa Castle inspired me to take a day trip to Flushing (thanks, catherine j!). i was desperate for some relaxation, but too broke for a vacation, so took a day off to check this place out on a Monday, as C suggested. i wanted a low key experience, since it was my first time at a Korean spa, and it was a wonderful day. i knew my visit was meant to be when i was waiting in line to register and a random guy handed me a coupon for free entry, waiving the $35 fee. not sure where this coupon fairy came from, but he sure was welcome. i felt like the $95 i spent for the body scrub/massage was worth every penny, but it didn't hurt to save a little dough. okay, SO, the spa itself was amazing IF you can deal with the nudity, which, honestly, you get used to so quickly if you just relax. and the ladies-only no-bathing-suits allowed area on the lobby floor should NOT be missed, so whip off that uniform proudly, gals. the other floors would have been fun to experience with others, i think. the outdoor pool/spa area was awesome, esp on a cold day. awesome massage jets. the scrub was why i came, though. nothing i can say but don't miss it. relax and let go and you will not regret it. food wasn't bad, i had sushi and edamame for $15, which seemed fair enough to me, but the rest of the menu was a little pricey ($6 for fries?!) and service was slowwww. sushi took 20 min with one person in front of me, and only one poor kid making starbucks coffees, frozen yogurts, etc. he, along with everyone i encountered, was super friendly and helpful. an amazing one-day vacation, though the traffic on the drive from/to my home in Bay Ridge was not so fun. but that's pretty much anywhere i go :)
Smh @ this place. 3-5 yrs ago this was the place to be..until the whole hood fount out about Spa Castle. Now this place has gone down in the dumps! Ghetto girls in the jacuzzi & sauna rooms staring at you like theyre ready to fight & let me not get started with the staff. Rude! Rude! Rude! With attitudes out of this world. Theyre busy talking to each other trying to ignore you at the counter. I went to go get a foot massage & they were "unavailable" Are you serious??? Im looking for a new place to call my spa home bc I did not intend to come to a spa to spend a day with the homies & loud kids. No thanx!
We hopped on the shuttle near the flushing subway station and were whisked away to this tacky looking hotel structure. After a short line, we received our wristbands and I was extremely confused! Did I make a mistake and go to a spa where everyone was gender segregated? why are there so many naked people? Do I get naked too? After 15 minutes in the locker trying to figure out what to do, I emerged with what looks like a children's P.E. uniform. We hit the saunas and as the day went on, I started liking them more and more. I never pegged myself as a sauna guy but did thoroughly enjoy them, especially the salt one. The gold one was boring to me and was not a fan of the LCD one. The water jets were very nice although some didn't work. The place was a bit packed for my liking but thats what I get for going on a weekend. Next time, I will go on a weekday and also save a little money. The resting room kind of smelled. I wish they had more stuff on the 3rd floor. It was gross that people were cutting their nails in the locker room and that we had to go into the bathroom barefoot. I didn't try the food but liked kind of overpriced. The sushi looked decent. Drinks are overpriced. Not really a spa but definitely worth checking out.
i can not say enough good things about spa castle...its fabulous! i have been wanting to go to spa castle ever since i knew jimjilibangs existed in New York! I went a few times while in Korea and absolutely fell in love with the idea. The spa castle here is even better than the ones I've been to in Korea because they have a nice outdoor section (bring your own big towel if you want to swim outside)! after you pay, theres a men's section and women's section, make sure you enter through the correct door because at one point, there was a guy standing at the doorway looking very confused...luckily, i was not naked yet. they give you a bracelet so you can use it to (un)lock your shoe locker and your clothing locker as well as charge you for services rendered/food. there are 4 hot jacuzzis, 2 cold baths, wet sauna, dry sauna, showers and a scrub section. yes, you have to be completely naked to partake in any of the locker room jacuzzis, it's how they do it in Korea, this is a Korean spa, get over it! You are much more conspiculous when you  try to cover up your bits with their tiny towels. just let go and enjoy. you can also get a body scrub ($95) and massage in the locker rooms. the scrub hurts like hell, but is well worth it if you want to shed some dead skin, its about a half hour long and you are naked on a slab next to other naked women (however you can get this service in a private room with an extra cost) and the massage is about another half hour long (fyi, they will tell you to shower off and sit in the jacuzzi in between, which can be confusing bc they ladies who give you your scrubs don't speak english very well) after you are done with the locker room section you can put on your uniforms and enjoy the co-ed sections upstairs, where they have several saunas (jade, salt, etc.), starbucks, buffet, reclining section, outdoor pool. you can spend the whole day there. my advice is to be as respectful of the rules set by spa castle as you can be...there are rules for a reason...and there were other patrons there that did not follow them. They can only keep the spa clean and enjoyable if everyone would do as requested...so shower in the locker rooms before stepping into the jacuzzis (no one wants to bath in your dirt, and you will get nasty looks, and rightfully so); dry off or shower and change out of your bathing suits before you put on your uniform when you are in the common areas because you are dripping all over the clean floors!; control your children, people come here to relax, it's a spa! i can imagine it being a lot less enjoyable when it's crowded, it already felt a bit crowded on a Thursday. they have thought over EVERYTHING here to make your stay as enjoyable as possible...you come out groggy and puffy-faced, but happily relaxed...well worth the $35 entry (we came on a week day) + $95 body scrub (my skin is still baby-butt soft!) + $30 meal (decent nyc prices for standard korean fare)...CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK! **the free shuttle is on the corner of Union and 39th Street, they don't specify where it is online, so we were wandering around hoping we don't miss it, but luckily bumped into a lady who worked there.
Oh the better name for this establishment would be Kid Castle or Scam Castle. I have been going here on and off since it opened and it has gone WAY down hill. Don't let the name fool you; there is nothing relaxing about it. Screaming foreigners and kids running all over the place  (opening doors to rooms and playing hide and go seek). On weekends it's over sold so there are lines to go in every room. The water coolers are always out of water- but fear not Costco bottle water is for sale for $2.50 a bottle! They nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING. $1.00 for new uniform, additional cost for towels, price is increasing in February etc. The of course there is the mandatory "naked room" in each locker room. Now I don't mind stripping down, but this place looked like it was a hang out for child molesters. I mean, why would a parent allow their naked child to hand out with naked adults anyway? If you are looking to relax, go elsewhere.
I was so excited to visit spa castle with my sister, but was greatly disappointed.  We went on a Friday afternoon hoping that since it was a weekday, we could escape the crowds.  But unfortunately for us, other ppl had the same idea, and it was crowded.  I liked the facilities, they were fairly clean, but my biggest gripe was the crowd. People were obnoxious, rude, messy, loud, and were just plain inappropriate. This is a spa, intended for people to relax. It is not a public pool or water park. As other reviewers have mentioned we saw quite a few couples making out and it was just gross. I think management should have more staff monitoring that kind of behavior. They should also make more of an effort to control the obnoxious people. And clean up after them. We saw a lot of trash about. The food was reasonably priced. We had the kimchee jigae, which was decent. I wish they had more water stations around, but I guess they want you to BUY drinks. I liked the relaxation room, but had to wait quite a while for other ppl to leave to get a seat. And please get rid of the tvs. How do we relax when ppl don't give a crap that its a relaxation room and turn the volume up?! Definitely a far cry from the spas in Korea. This place has a LOT of potential, but i just did not find it enjoyable nor relaxing.   Don't think I would go again, maybe in the winter, or if management fixes the issues mentioned above.
Bottom line, I wouldn't go back. I don't suggest you go at all. Pros: *Lots of pools, jacuzzis, saunas, you name it, they have it *All normal spa-type services are available, at comparable or slightly cheaper rate than other spas *You could feasibly spend the whole day here, and at $45, it's pretty cheap Cons: *TOO MANY CHILDREN. I am not kidding. Maybe it is because I don't have kids myself, but I found it impossible to relax and really renew/refresh myself when the entire pool/jacuzzi area on the 2nd floor was FULL of kids--unsupervised, unruly kids to boot. If you tend to avoid going on vacations where you know you're going to have to deal with other people's misbehaving kids, this place is not for you. *No flip flops...I get it, it's for sanitary reasons, but I do not want to go to the bathroom near the pool in bare feet when ppl have their wet kids in there. I don't even want to THINK about what you could be stepping in. I dried off and went downstairs when nature called. *Disorganization much? That's the overall vibe of the place. Attendants shove outfits at you when you ask if you need to wear something instead of letting you know when you walk in, the line for concessions on the 1st floor was a mess, not many people around to give you info, and when you find someone, they don't speak English. *Messy!!! I know this isn't the organization's fault entirely per se, but people need to clean up after themselves if that is the protocol of the spa. If they don't, the spa should enforce the policy of kicking people out for inappropriate behavior. *Shower area was disorganized and a little odd since you're naked on the ladies' side and everyone can see your business when you shower. *Gross people shaving their legs/pubes/etc. in said showers. 'Nuff said. Save your money and just get a day pass to a good gym that has a pool/sauna/jacuzzi and go there instead, or splurge and go to a nice hotel for a night or just get a massage at a regular spa. This place is not worth it.
When people ask me what I think about Spa Castle, I always have the same response: "it's a strange disneyland spa... for adults... but kids also roam around...".  It's a marketing person's nightmare - mass marketing at its worst. * Who are they catering to?  Everyone.  Which is stupid.  I don't want to go to a spa, which should be a relaxing experience, and share spaces with unruly children.  Sometimes couples think this is good place to get freaky... in a public pool... also great.  People have loud conversations in the sauna rooms... just annoying and completely goes against  spa etiquette. * Every single thing is an additional charge AND mandatory to use at the facility.  For example, you can't walk around with your own flip flops, you must buy theirs.  Shouldn't these be provided and included in the fee?  Use of the gym is reserved for "members" or can be used for an additional fee.   * Attendants are rude.  I received a foot massage on the second mid-floor room and the masseurs spent the entire time talking to each other.  I think it's awesome when I pay for a massage and the masseuse doesn't pay attention to me, and is instead looking out the window checking out the action on the main floor while talking to someone else.  It's also great when the masseuse forgets that he's giving a massage at all and his voice trails off as he stops massaging me because he's so distracted.  I also had an attendant yell at my friend who was unaware of the flip flop rule, "NO SHOES!  YOU MUST BUY!"   Come on, we're paying customers, relax. * I do like the idea of going into a hot tub outdoors in the winter.  (No sarcasm there, that's the only thing I like about this place.) I suppose I know what a good spa experience is supposed to do for a person - it should leave you feeling relaxed and euphoric for 3 days after you walk out the door.  When I've come to Spa Castle, I usually just can't wait to get out the door.  I've given them 3 solid chances.  Done.
I am a great lover of onsens, bath houses, and Korean spas. Spa Castle is over-priced, over-hyped, and over-crowded.  It is true, the facilities here are impressive, and the bathing area is quite nice, with several different pools at different temperatures, and a remarkably cold cold plunge. However, everything else about this place was annoying, obnoxious, and at times terrible. There were a plethora of broken lazyboy chairs that were stuck in uncomfortable positions for the human body. The Disneyland of Korean spas, there is no peace or quiet to be had here.  There is chatter and splashing everywhere.  If I wanted to go to a waterpark, I would've gone to Great Adventures. The food looked good -- but entirely overpriced. Anyway, the absolute worst thing here was the massage service.  My boyfriend and I got shiatsu massages for 60 minutes in a couple's room.  Our masseuses were inattentive, aggressive with their technique, and talked throughout.  This was to be the highlight of our time at the spa, it turned out to be the last straw. We left vowing never to return again.
Spa Castle is all kinds of awesome.  I cannot believe that the admission is so cheap.  From the beautifully ornate saunas, the jetted tubs, swim-up bars, great food, many areas to lounge and/or sleep, there is something for everyone.  The six hours I spent there last week didn't feel like enough.  I was a limp rag doll, and loved every minute of it.  I highly recommend a day here at least once a month for locals.  It's just what's needed to relieve the stress of everyday city living.  MUST GO!
The bus schedule was not accurate. We arrived at 3:15 pm for the 3:40 pm bus. I called and was told we must have missed it. There were 7 people waiting with me. At 4:08 pm and the van arrives.  Not the best way to start a relaxing day for Spa Castle. Spa Castle has always been a place to spend the day with friends, from birthdays to special celebrations but something has changed there.  Not sure what, but it is not quite as special as it once was.  I am unsure if it is because of the children running around making it less tranquil, the decrease in cleanliness, which I noticed this time around or all the extra costs associated with the incidentals.
This was my first experience at a Korean spa, so the sheer novelty of it was impressive to me.  It's a real deviation from traditional spas in that the saunas and hot baths seem to be the real draw. Down on the ground level there's a separate "men only" and "women only" area.  In the "women only" area, there's a glass door towards the back of the locker room that leads into the hot baths, a wet & dry sauna and the showers.  All of this in an open area and you are REQUIRED to be naked.  So if you're shy or body conscious, this isn't the place for you.  The hot baths and wet sauna were like a slice of heaven.  Around the corner, still in the locker room, are two more sauna rooms (one being the Loess room, which I loved) and a relaxation area.   On the first floor are the 7 other themed sauna rooms.  A huge turn off for me was the food court that took up most of the floor.  I know this isn't a traditional spa, but there's just something unsettling about a mall-style food court in the middle of a spa, passing folks as they munch on fries and pizza.  Anyway, the saunas and ice land were cool.  My favorites were the Loess and Mineral Salt rooms.  Another turn off is once you leave the "women only" area, you're REQUIRED to wear this heavy, rough cotton shirt and short set.  Before going, I read other yelpers complain about the uniforms, even referring to it as a prison uniform, and thought to myself, "it can't be that bad."  It is! The sauna is hot enough, the uniforms are just uncomfortable.  It makes the sauna experience a little less pleasurable.   There are a couple of bading pools on the third floor.  I was expecting actual pools for swimming, so I was a bit disappointed.  Not to mention the food cart at the top of the stairs and the huge picture food menu on a beam by the pool was tacky.  Once again, I know this isn't a traditional spa, so one shouldn't expect the zen like environment, i guess, but it was just a little too commercial.  They definitely seem to pander to families and children.   I eventually retreated to the ground level where I could strip off that hideous uniform and enjoy the hot baths and wet sauna.  The nudity was no big deal, it's all women after all.  In fact, I found it to be the most relaxing floor.  There were no food courts and luckily no children (I went on a Tuesday afternoon). All my west coast friends love Olympic Spa out in L.A.  So I plan on hitting that up while I'm out there in a few weeks.  It'll give me something to compare to my Spa Castle experience.   Overall, it was an enjoyable experience.  I would go back but only because I don't think there are any other spas like it, on this level, in NYC and I loved the baths and saunas.
Spa Castle is like a dream come true. I have never felt so relaxed outside of my own bed. Bring gym clothes if you want to use the gym and bring a bathing suit for the co- ed pools. Besides that they take care of everything. The lower level is amazing with a wet and dry steam room, a few jacuzzi's and massage. Everything on the lower level requires you to be nude but if you are uncomfortable with nudity everything can be done upstairs in Spa Castle uniforms. If you feel to purchase anything on the premises Spa Castle provides you with a wrist band that is linked with your account that you make when you enter so no need to carry anything with you. Please, no cell phones. There were a few people who walked with them but it was good that it wasn't loud and obnoxious like on a bus. The food was overpriced but the spicy sushi rolls were amazing. They obviously make the bulk of their money on food and drinks but everyone has to make a living. I'd advise everyone to submit to the Spa's commodities to really get into it. Spa Castle is an amazing place to blow 6 hours and about $150! Pro: Clean, comfortable, liberating. Con: Pricey.
AVOID! This place scams their "loyal customers" (their words, not mine) and just about tries to keep your money for services not rendered. Save your money. ***UPDATE: Now they're saying they're only reimbursing customers who arrived after 3pm, and also lying about the time that the alarm went off. The service rep via phone said it did not ring until 3:15pm, but really happened no later than 2:50-2:55pm, but I'm not in the mood to play "he said/she said." Regardless of when it happened, Spa Castle is also now lying outright on Facebook about reimbursing all their customers, which, duh, they clearly have not. I wrote about this on their Facebook page, to advise that not all customers were reimbursed, and they have since taken down my post. Be accountable for your mistakes, Spa Castle. Thieving liars.*** There's already reviews (though not in the recommended list) about the awful service around 200 people received on Wednesday 1/8/14, so as a responsible Elite Yelper, I'm posting a review that will be readily available for viewing. I arrived at 2:47pm (per my receipt that I'm still holding on to) with hopes of a day full of rest and relaxation. At around 2:55pm, a loud, ear piercing fire alarm went off and all hell broke loose. Staff were completely unhelpful with the 200 people in the spa on where to wait, what was going on, and whether we needed to evacuate. I understand that while it's hectic and confusing for all, there was no need for the staff members to lash out on the customers. Not only were the staff members unhelpful and disorganized, but they were rude and downright mean to customers, yelling at us to go to the lobby while staffers out there were yelling to have us go back to the locker rooms. Apparently, there was a busted water pipe that was leaking water over the men's locker room (with disgusting black water literally gushing out from the light fixtures over the lobby). The crown molding was starting to fall off at some parts of the ceiling due to the weight of the water that was pouring out, and customers, understandably, were starting to freak out. The staff did nothing to calm anyone, and instead, exacerbated the situation by screaming at people, pushing everyone into the lobby area (where it was leaking the worst), and even proceeded to yell that no one can leave until we're paid out. Clearly, there was an emergency, but they were insisting that everyone pay up their bills first. Oh, priorities. Now, as I've only just arrived 8 minutes prior to the incident, and only managed to change into my uniform and proceed upstairs to the main area to meet up with my boyfriend, of course I wanted a refund!! They had me get on one line, then told me I was on the wrong line, and then yelled at the people looking for refunds to stand on the side. I ultimately was told that I needed to call to get my refund back. I've called today and their phone line doesn't even ring....which seems just like whole attitude of this establishment. Completely unaccountable for the way they treated their customers, and potentially put everyone in an even scarier position, by trapping us in the lobby under the exact spot where the pipe burst. Honestly, Spa Castle has declined greatly since my first visit back in 2008 and even more so since my last review. The staff attitude leaves something to be desired, and makes me wonder if the management has changed. If you've visited when they first opened, all staff members were quiet little Asian men and women, albeit a bit surly, but not unlike most older generation Asians which I'm fairly used to. Now, (probably for even cheaper labor and so non-Asians can communicate with the staff) they've hired staffers whom I've found to be downright rude, obnoxious, and classless. Completely unprofessional and disrespectful to everyone. Sure, you've got your run of the mill "OMG cheap spa, so I'll spend all day here hanging out by the pools like its a rap video with all my bling on" type customers, but hey, that's what happens when you double up on advertising your SPA as an effin' WATER PARK. Why in God's name would anyone position their business both as a relaxing oasis AND a rowdy shrieking kid friendly theme park?! In any case, there's no need to be shouty or give attitude to customers for any reason whatsoever. This is a SPA after all (or at least 50% advertised as such); inside voices please, yes, especially you staffers. Needless to say, I will never be going back.
I've heard my NYC friends raved about this place so I decided to make a trip from Philly for it last Friday. 1. No-show Shuttle service: My girlfriend and I arrived at the shuttle pick up location at the pick up time on schedule in 100 degree heat and there was no shuttle in sight. We were not sure if it had left early or was never there. Calling the spa got us no answer. Luckily, one of our friends in Queens was kind enough to pick us up. 2.Extremely crowded in the pool with rude and inconsiderate people: We didn't expect it would be so crowded on a weekday. Almost all the jets in the pool were occupied and people were very rude. We were standing in front of them waitig and the jets stopped and they just looked us in the eye and push the button to restart it again. I only got to try 3 of the jets in the pool and I think I would have greatly enjoyed it if I could had gone through everything once. 3. Screaming kids: I have to say, I am skeeved about going into pools with kids and it's definitely not the most relaxing environment 4. Food was good. My friends' salad bar food looks great and my sushi tastes great, too. Only a small complaint about the way food was ordered. They could have seperated the order line from the pick up. All these people have already ordered their food and was just waiting to pick up were mixed up in the line waiting to order. Guess it's only a problem when it's crowded. 5.Air conditioning not working? I undersand the floor with the saunas would be hot. But does the locker room had to be so hot too? Took a shower and by the time we were walking out we were totally soaked again. Overall, it would be great if they could have one adult only day in the week. I would take off from work for it.  Also there should be rules about sharing like in the gym, when there is a line waiting, there should be a limit on time at each machine/jet/seat. Not totally writing the place off yet. Some reviewer said to go there late to avoid the crowd. How late is late?
I know..I know, men go to pain dungeons, not spa castles. That aside this place is freaking awesome. If you bring any woman here, I guarantee they will instantly eat this place up. Facilities are clean, they open early and close late. Food and especially drinks are extremely over priced. 11 for a ketel on the rocks is kind of ridiculous. The massages could be cheaper but, at a place like this you can't help but splurge a bit. I believe it was 90 for a hour long Swedish message. There are a ton of amenities and things to do. Be wary this place could get pretty packed on weekends. The door cover is 35 on weekdays and 45 for weekends. Definitely bring a couple of friends here. The shuttle van from flushing is pretty convenient. If you go try getting one of their coconut shakes at the health bar and then add 2 shots of rum to it from the bar.
Spa castle has been my on and off retreat. It's close to home and I try to go during not-so-busy hours. Hint: weekdays when kids are in school. If you follow this rule, spa castle will be a SPA. I encountered little of the screaming kids and crowded pools bc everyone was at work/school. There were sauna rooms that were empty pretty often. The facility was kept clean. The relaxing/napping room actually had free booths. It's a fun Korean spa/sauna experience but do go on less busy days! As of feb 2014, price increase alert! Weekdays $40 ($35 before) Weekends $50 ($45 before)
I love this place. This is the closest thing to Asian way of relaxing I used to experience while working in Japan. Yes, the first floor with locker rooms is a totally nude area, but I do not see a problem. In Asia, Russia, Europe people of the same sex share shower rooms and there are no freaks there, and in Scandinavian countries saunas are even co-ed - also no problem. And this is an Asian spa after all. If you do not want to undress completely, you can go to the third floor, where they have same jacuzzi and sauna and enjoy it in your swimming suite. A cotton uniform in a co-ed sauna is understandable since it's hard to build enough saunas for men and women separately, and sitting in a sauna in a swimming suite made of polyester, which smells like hell when heated up and you have to breath with it, is not my choice. Salads are pretty expensive, but there are hot-dogs, corn-dogs, french fries upstairs, $2-3, this is affordable. They have water dispensers, so you can use their paper "pockets" or your own flask to drink water if you are thirsty and save on food if you like. I was there at 7 am on Sunday, and enjoyed the ground floor pools, at 8 am the outdoor pool was open - also all mine, and later when people started to show up I came down for saunas which were pretty empty  all day. I enjoyed my visit. I give 4 stars just because I wish this place was a little bit cheaper.
(Doing another major update) I lurrrrve this place.  If you get there early or during off-peak times, this place is so clean, just sparkling.  I love all the different salt saunas, and the relaxing areas for afterwards.  I also love that it's very family friendly, and you can choose whether to be in the single sex in the buff areas, or in a bathing suit (with shorts and t-shirt over it) in the common areas. My only complaint is the food, which though tasty, doesn't exactly seem healthy or spa-like.
The scrub is incredible.  I think they went a little easy on me since I'm not Korean but, still, I have never been cleaner in my life!  The $95 one hour scrub and massage package is a great deal. Cons: the people who show up later in the day, breaking the rules (insisting they want their flip flops) and being rude / ignoring the employees' instructions.  There was a very loud woman who apparently wasn't used to going to a jinjibang and she loudly complained about all the women walking around naked in front of her son (why was he in a women's spa if he was too old to see naked ladies bathing?) If you are going to a Korean bathhouse, familiarize yourself with their rules and customs and ask questions - the staff is very nice and happy to answer them.  It's like a little vacation to another culture - I recommend embracing it.   I can't wait to return!
Fresh Honey Dew Melon Bubble Tea...
I went this morning with high hopes that this would be like a mini weekend getaway experience. Instead, I came back with a headache. Yeah, for $30 you get all day admission to the bathing area, sauna, and pools. Sounds great at first. But this place is way too busy and crowded. It's more like a market than a spa. There's no privacy or intimate setting you would (or at least I would) expect at a spa. I didn't feel relaxed at all with all those people walking around me and chatting away. I didn't find "luxurious serenity... tranquility, [and] relaxation" there as described on their website and flyer. And I wouldn't want to go back again.
I'm not a spa guy and the thought of getting a massage doesn't appeal to me in the slightest.  I will say that the facilities here are top notch and even with your basic entrance fee to get in you get an amazing freedom to roam much of the spa.  You'll be able to visit the hot tubs, pools, saunas, and of course if you want to splurge on the extras they're there to help you.  The place is clean, the locker room area was awesome, and the little watches to secure your items/charge for items was great.  I've bought gift certificates for this place for other people in the past but after experiencing it for the first time myself, I'm inclined to go myself just to hangout and have a lazy day lounging.
It has been at least 3 years since I last went and I need to update my review. I stand by what I wrote in 2008. But I had a different experience this time because I did a "girl's day out" with luxury services, etc. We had a great time. The space was still wonderful. But I have major issues with how they handle their business. That was a huge turn-off so I am removing one star. I'll go into more detail below, but suffice to say that they are understaffed so they don't always keep your appointment time, but they are very quick to give away your appointment if someone else shows up to pay for the same service - even if you are exactly on time. We were given inaccurate information on many things - like when I called, I asked if any area was closed or under construction, They said no. But when we got there the main one we wanted was closed. Then most importantly they will try to squeeze every dime out of you without letting you know what is happening. They very sneakily encourage you to unwittingly double-tip for services. So be very careful. My bill was nearly $100 more than it should have been!! Thank goodness I checked it before I left. But they now have $400 + in their hand & have frozen another $550 in my account that I can't touch for a week despite the fact that they promised to void it immediately. BE WARNED! Here's the story: My mother sister and I went to Spa Castle this past week. It was their 1st visit . They loved it and had a great time. It can be a relaxing, fun day, especially if you go mid-week during normal working hours when it is not crowded. My sister could not use the water or heat elements but she still enjoyed being in the relaxing environment, reading a book on an over-sized lounge, and using the gym (only $5). All of us had the best massages we'd ever had. Despite the fact that we all had different expectations and requirements, the staff was able to accommodate us quite nicely. The bad side is how they handle their business, First - despite the hours listed on their website and FB page you can't talk to anyone on the phone before 10 a.m. to make a spa appointment. The staff communicates very poorly. They do not inform you of important things, then insist that you should have known. They seem to be under-staffed w/ no one in the gym and just a couple of nail technicians. Once you arrive you must go to the spa appointment desk TWICE in order to get the service. First you have to make/verify the appointment. Then when your appointment time comes you can not just go to the salon, you have to go to the desk again to let them know you plan to keep the appointment. Then, even if you show up exactly on time they may still give away your appointment to someone else! I went into the salon & talked with the technicians & told them I'd be back for my scheduled mani.  When I returned the last time - at the exact time of my appt., I reached up for my nail color so we could start the manicure and it was only then that the technician said I had to go out to the desk first. When I went out to the desk they were in the process of giving away my appointment to another person although I wasn't even late. Then they were very nasty with me about it saying it was my fault for not knowing all of the procedures. Really? They had just made my sister wait an extra 30 minutes before she saw anyone.   Most importantly you must WATCH YOUR BILL. Food & drink are expensive. But most importantly DO NOT TIP.  Instead of including the tax in the prices you see @ Spa Castle include the tip. You never actually see the true price of the service on the menu, and they never tell you how much you are tipping. They just take it. After our massages my sister and I both asked "How are tips handled?" The answer was "Oh you can tip right here with your account!" We asked more questions about whether to was better to leave a cash tip or to do it on the account. She said it didn't matter. Never once did she tell us that we had already tipped!! The result was that they had gotten a nearly 45% tip!! This despite the fact that we had asked lots of questions about it. Luckily I'd asked for an itemized bill and decided to look closely at the bill before we left. Once again, mgt decided to blame us for not knowing because it was in small print on the web site! But we were not on the web.  So be very careful and stand your ground. They are sneaky and must make a lot of money from blissfully relaxed people that just pay and leave. Bottom line - if you are not paying and are willing to show up early and guard your appointments you will have a fantastic time. But you also have to be OK with them not keeping the appt times due to under-staffing. If you are the one paying you will need to watch your bill closely and do not tip or let your guests tip unless they are aware that they are adding on extra money because they feel the service was so extraordinary.
i love this place! but i feel like it used to be better about a year ago because the prices weren't marked up yet. (used to be $30 admission and is now $35 on weekdays and $45 on weekends.)
this is very nice spa , there are a lot of things you can at this place ,sauna ,jacuzzi, pools . it is very impressive spa ,very big and clean but also very expensive - the food  price is extremely high and the fee to get in is $40 per person just to get in ?? think its too high but i must say i had a good time with my wife and its was a great getaway
Where do I start? From the beginning I guess. First of all, you'll have to park at least 2 blocks away from the spa or get there very early to get a parking spot. There's a couple of lines to check in which are relatively fast, they'll give you a wrist watch kind of bracelet with a number imprinted, this number is tied up to anything you do in there from storing things in your locker to order food and or drinks which by the way you're only allowed 3 per attendee. As you enter the premises there's a big dude who looks like a bouncer from a titty bar checking your bags and don't you dare to bring in a bottle of water because it will get confiscated, I think the guy who made the security rules in this place is the same guy who made them for the NSA. Once you're in you have to get in the undressing/dressing room but pay attention because the Men/Women signs are oddly located, for example, the women's dressing room sign is on the far left side of the entrance when it should be in big bold illuminated letters on the head of the entryway for everyone to see, I by mistake while walking side by side with my wife entered the women's dressing room and almost got beat up by a bunch of rightly offended ladies. If I got in trouble by this I would have sued this place afterwards. When you enter the men's dressing room you'll see a bunch of naked guys walking around and further down taking a bath in what it looks to be very comfy warm collective bathtubs. Not my piece of cake walking naked and taking baths with several naked men some of whom I'm pretty sure attend this area just to get a peek of your dick. Oddly enough I saw two 10 or 12 year old kids walking by this area when I was leaving the premises some two hours later, I don't think that young kids should be mingling with stranger naked adults anywhere. In this place nobody is nice, apparently people there don't get tips and are paid low wages because they don't seem to work in a happy environment, I didn't feel welcome while visiting this place. In the dressing area the guy at the counter told me I couldn't use sandals in the spa and could only store my shoes in the locker (was he kidding me?), I stored all my belongings and took the chance of getting fungi on my feet by walking barefoot everywhere where hundreds of people of all kinds and carrying all kind of diseases walk around. By the way, the wrist watch bracelet is also used to lock and unlock the lockers which are a pain in the balls, it doesn't work most of the time and you may have to go back to the counter to get a new one. As you walk to the upper floor you'll see people sleeping in loveseats and in some dark areas to get a good nap, like you can't do the same in the comfort of your home. The Wi-Fi signal there sucks; you won't be able to connect wirelessly in that place. As I ordered a couple of drinks the barkeep was kind of bossy and rude, you won't get a nice chat out of this guy. I ordered a drink and a beer and the total amount came to $23 and change, I could have gotten 3 cases of beer at Rite Aid and a bottle of wine at Leisers Liquors for that amount. The environment appears to be visited mostly by lots of Asians and people from South Queens and the Bronx. Bottom line, if I'm going to take a nap I rather do it in the comfort of my living room. Dipping into a tight swimming pool with a bunch of stranger is not for me. Buying beer at $7 plus tax or a drink for $12 in a place like this is not my concept of throwing away my money; I rather go to Manhattan and spend that kind of money in a nice bistro in Soho or the Village in a nice and friendly environment. My stay in this place lasted less than 2 hours, my wife and I have been in spas in other parts of the world and expected more from a spa in NYC, this is far away from being a spa, it could probably be categorized as a mini spa or something else but not a spa. If you live in a crowded apartment and don't have the slightest chance of traveling within the US or the Caribbean this place is for you. It's more suitable for winter months than summertime. New York in summer is the best city in the world, just look around and you'll find hundreds of places some for free where you and your family can relax and have fun. Don't throw away your money by visiting this place; you may end up getting something bad.
"The place is nice, the food is really good and the drinks are generous, but the customer service is non-existent. They explain nothing and then reprimand you when you do something that goes against their very particular way of doing things. If you're a newbie, go with a friend OF THE SAME SEX (who you don't mind being naked around, so you can navigate this moist madhouse chuckling with someone while you both dangle out there together. "
I used to LOVE this place, but then it was discovered. Now, there are signs everywhere to indicate the rules -- keep it clean and keep it PG. The fact that they need to make this clear is a sign of the change from its less populated days. It's a spa,not a make out destination. That aside... The facilities are great -- the heated outdoor pools, the saunas, quiet areas and buffet bar where you can get a healthy lunch -- make it worth the trip. Some tips: So many people have written about the particulars that I will skip on those, but will say that it's better to have a real meal before or after your trip as prices can get steep if you do more than use their facilities. Avoid the weekends if you can, and definitely avoid school holidays when the joint will be packed with screaming children and their parents who want to pretend they don't know them. Hit this place up during the week and dine in Flushing for the best experience.
Naked fat ladies, naked old ladies, lotsa punanys to be seen ... it was a melting pot of punanys! Once you get over this initial shock then you're like "whatevs! imma enjoy every hot bath, cold bath, mineral sauna, clay sauna there is! You need to embrace the awkwardness of the situation and the Disneyland-slash-Water-Park-for-adults experience to be able to get loose and have fun. Since it was my first time there (and I doubt going back any time soon just coz it's "far") I decided to do the traditional Korean scrub and massage and MAN it was crazy. Of course, you are butt naked in front of everybody. These ladies with their black bra and panties are throwing water at you, scrubbing every single part of your party, vigorously 'massaging' your body, putting fresh cucumber mash on your face and apparently pouring milk all over your body... All that jazz packed in what seemed like one looooooooooong hour. At the end of the ride, I'm all smooth and smelling good! I'm so glad I did it! It almost felt like a roller coaster experience for me haha. If you are a fussy city person like me who is anal about hygiene and cleanliness but can once in a while embrace a once in a lifetime fun and out of this world experience, I suggest spending a day at Spa Castle. I mean it's only $35 and the trip there wasn't all that bad!
Went here for a ladies day out and I was very satisfied with the place and its amenities. It's very large and seems to be very popular. The rooftop warm pool is amazing not to mention the multiple saunas. The food and drinks are great as the device you receive. I do plan on making a return visit. And the fact that there isn't that many places in New York where you can just go and relax gives this place the upper hand.
Love love spa castle! up until recently. Yesterday it was completely overrun with screaming children running from sauna to sauna, pool to pool like this was the public pool and park. It was NOT relaxing at all. I love kids and work with them BUT spa castle is suppose to be a relaxing stress free environment. NO staff seemed to care about them and many other people breaking rules: food and drinks in/by pools, kids splashing and screaming and running in saunas, people not wearing uniforms etc What happened to leaving Everything behind including phones and coolers and just enjoy the day peacefully? Now pool is overrun with kids and chicks taking selfies. We need adults only day or control your kids regulation! Not to mention they raised ALL prices and quality is down. Disappointed.
Really great spa facility.  Very clean and very relaxing.  It was a bit of a trip from downtown NYC but was worth it.  The wet area is fantastic.  I love the pools, showers and sauna.   You will need to be comfortable being nude and seeing other people nude...even if you rather not see them...and even if they follow you around until you throw them some serious daggers.  In all seriousness, this place is a great place to come to for all.   The crowd here is fairly mixed.  Families (in the co-ed areas), lots of Koreans, Hasidic Jews, straight, gay, ugly, how you doin hot and more.   I recommend coming here with a friend.  My only complaint is that they allow children in the single sex area where you are nude.  I dont really feel comfortable with naked little boys running around me but I understand that is a cultural thing. Try the saunas upstairs.  I really like the salt sauna.  Great place to relax.  They also have an ice room which I will try once it is warm outside.
Olga get over the jump suits the only people who wear them are afraid to be naked... I have never been exfoliated and massaged so well.  (and I am a spa girl)  for the money AMAZING service and then tip is included.  Fantastic!
i am writing an update to share my personal and most recent experience at spa castle. i visited a few weeks ago with the hopes of enjoying myself in the women only area. i invited my cousin along to show her this area and how relaxing it can be. in addition, we both scheduled massages and scrubs. so, spa castle was slated to receive over $300 in business from us. well about an hour or so into our bathing in the women only area, i noticed two women in the far back wading pool. this area was also dimly lit (oddly so). then it became apparent that the two women were engaging in sexual activity right before our very eyes. there must have been about 6 - 7 women total in the whole area, children included. as i was realizing what was going on, one of the women workers also noticed and she promptly called over another staff member who proceeded to "handle" the situation. basically, this staff member merely reprimanded the women and they were permitted to stay in the bathing area despite their blatant disrespect for the facility. what was even more shocking is that staff members took no opportunity to clean the pool area or to close it off temporarily for cleaning. we expressed our dismay to the staff member at their willingness to let the women remain considering the fact that by now, they were eyeing us down. knowing that people are capable whatever, anything by way of violence was possible. in addition, the largest pool in the facility was now contaminated and they had no plans to rectify the situation.   we felt increasingly uncomfortable, as the women continued to give us dirty looks and eye us down. we eventually asked for a refund of our entry charge. we also cancelled our massage and scrub appts and promptly left the facility. it's such a shame but it felt like spa castle took the sides of the girls who explicitly broke the rules. their handling of the situation demonstrated to us that they are not serious about their rules and it's all just a formality. what spa castle should have done was to ask the girls to leave the women's only area promptly since sexual activity in the pools is prohibited and they broke the rules in full view of other patrons. what was worse was that in letting the women stay, the women had an opportunity to intimidate and passively harass us. spa castle put us, their customers, in a very unfortunate and unfair position. with all of that, we took our business elsewhere to a smaller version of spa castle - Fountain of Youth Spa. this facility is only 9 mins away. Fountain of Youth is up and coming but their customer service is great. in my opinion, if you want a good and consistent experience in bathing and getting a scrub and massage, go there instead of spa castle.
Yes yes yes yes YES! What a haven I found in the midst of my crazy life in NYC. This place not only rocks becuase of the saunas, pools and thermal baths. This place rocks because it actually makes me feel like a goddess floating on clouds and completely relaxed by the time I leave. Great place to bring friends. Oh and the outdoor pools...open all year round.hah! Oh and beware of becoming a spending whore. They slap a bracelet on you on you that accumilates a tab, by the end of the day you're like what? how did I get so spend happy??! I can't wait to go back!
serenity calls and awaits your weary body.spend the day.
I hate to only do three stars but the overall quality of Spa Castle has slipped a bit due to its growing popularity so its a bit of a double edged sword. Before it was a spacious location with many suanas but its become a bit overrun with groups of people who tend to socialize more then actually relax. Kids run in and out of rooms while people hold loud conversatins in 150 degree heat, hey ladies no one cares about your work load or yoga schedule lol. The food is pretty pricey and they've begun charging for uniforms. You can easily sweat through a few pairs of shorts and shirts and the cost is now $1 so it isnt to bad. Again do your best to go on a weekday or when school is surely in session. They have an amazing heated outside pool area complete with whirlpools, hot tubs, power facuets etc. Unfortunately with such a crowd you have to get in where you fit in. Theres a sauna out there also but the floor is aways wet and it can have an odd smell. Aside from that they provide massages, manis, pedis for anyone in need of added pampering! Downstairs in the locker rooms they have more whirlpools, some are cold baths and some are heated also. Anybody not use to a bunch of naked dudes running around be prepared. Once you've had your fill you can shower off, shave, brush your teeth etc! Ill continue to recommend this spot but they gotta step it up.
Very Rude Staff! Not ONE employee was nice, not one! Customer service is not important to them. You can bring your own towels but sandals are $5 or go barefoot. Very expensive. Also $2 per large towel. Nickel and dimes? They charge hotel spa prices for terrible massages you can get for $40 in a regular Asian spot. Very unprofessional. I will never return. Place looks run down. Food is poor quality and again expensive.
I went yesterday and had an amazing experience. Luckily, my mother with with me to foot the bill (spas are obviouslyyy not cheap) but we had a really lovely bonding experience. I am hoping to take my boyfriend with me next month on a weekday to pay $10 less. But he's just a hyper-masculine white guy (albeit, open-minded) so I will have to prep him with the following information. Biggest thing to note if you're not Korean: It will be a MILD cultural experience -- be aware that it is a Korean-style BATH HOUSE with the feeling of a Water Park. Which is more fun if you're young or with people. We went on a Saturday morning which was decent, didn't think there were too many people and only a few kids (none were screaming or running around). I like kids though, they're just goofy little people. I kind of liked that there were more people, made it feel less awkward and everyone seemed to be having a really nice time. Everyone has one agenda and it is to relax and take care of your body & mind. I'm definitely a little shy but there's no reason to be at the bath house/locker room. It was kind of beautiful being around other naked women of all shapes and sizes, you forget the taboos of nudity and all your fears dissolve once you jump in. I might have felt MORE comfortable because the women were all strangers. If you have a lot of issues with being nude at a place like this (where it is legal and completely acceptable) you probably have serious body image/sexuality issues that you need to resolve. The scrub & massage treatment was INCREDIBLE and really not that expensive for the treatment you get. For $95 and 80 minutes, a lady scrubs you until all the dead skin is removed and rinses your body with warm water. Then they put cucumber on your face, massages your body with oil for a reallllyyy long time. At the end, milk is poured on your body and you rinse. My skin is SO SMOOTH! You can even take a nap in a room full of comfy chairs and tv's! So wake up early, even if you didn't sleep a lot, detox, relax, shave, shampoo and have fun.
I had a come to jesus moment at spa castle a few weeks ago. This place is insane. Not only was my skin soft as butter when I left, I got to SWIM IN THE WINTER! What? You pay the fee, get a wristband and charge everything to that little piece of jewelry. The only advice I can give you is don't lose that wristband! It holds everything. The saunas are killer, the nude area isn't as scary as I imagined it to be and the food is awesome. It's the perfect birthday getaway!
I guess the only reason I could see someone rating Spa Castle less than 5 stars is if they're uncomfortable with nudity, or they're looking for a place that isn't crowded. Someone below described this as a spa-esque theme park, and I'd have to agree. There are four floors filled with almost anything you're looking for: 9 different sauna rooms, indoor and outdoor pools, massages, locker rooms complete with personal showers and grooming stations, as well as a fitness center and restaurant. The day pass is a measly $35 on weekdays (you don't want to go on the weekend), and you don't have to pay any extra if you don't want to. Of course, additional massage fees could reach up to $300. A few things to watch out for- it's residential so parking is a bit rough. If you want to swim in the indoor and outdoor pools, bring a bathing suit or else you'll have to rent one. Also, in the locker room bathing area, it's full nudity so don't be surprised when you see everyone walking around naked. Otherwise, this place is amazing and totally worthwhile.
Great pools loaded w massaging jets. But get there early bc it gets very crowded in afternoons
These people are horrible. Essentially took money and rendered no service! I had been to Spa Castle many times before. I got a gift certificate for my Birthday, lost it during a move and then found it! When I called I was not only told i was out of luck and my $90 gift cards were worthless but the girl on the phone told me "passes are not that expensive". Ridiculous, they'll never get another dime from me, my friends or the many co-workers i know working nearby this business after what i tell them. I also sent an email to a manager explaining what happened and  asked if they could please find a way to let me use SOME of the value and that i would pay the difference and or a penalty fee. When i got a response it was "sorry... we are not able to honor your expired tickets. It is very hard to believe our representative told you about value of our tickets". Not sure what that means but sounds like they are calling me a liar. DO NOT SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS.
Pros: Affordable, Multiple Unique Saunas, Pool bars, Outdoor Pools, Massage, Good food and drinks. Cons: If you can stay away on major holidays and summer weekends people bring their bratty kids and they run all over this place, not relaxing AT ALL!
So here's the deal on Spa Castle.  It is freaking amazing...really.  Despite its name it's not really a "spa" in the conventional way we New Yorkers think of a spa.  Bliss this is not.  It's more of a one-stop bathhouse/relaxation/active/family experience  that our Korean friends have introduced to the NY metro.  And I am forever changed for the better by it.  Yes, there are lots of kids at peak times, but it's great because it literally can accommodate whole families.  I'd suggest if you want it to be a solo relaxing experience, absolutely possible, go early on a weekend 6am- 12pm or on a weekday when the kids are in school.  If you have out of town guests staying for a while take them it will knock their socks off.  And if you've never been...you MUST try it at least once, even for just the cultural experience.  odds are that you'll be back for a second time!! Good luck!
All my friends talk about this place like it's the holy grail of spas so finally I made the trek (and it is quite the trek) to get my relaxation on. First getting here was kind of a pain. If you drive, do it. If you don't, take the 7 to the last stop, walk 2 blocks up to the random korean bank and look out for vans marked Spa Castle. I think they come every 1/2 hour or so. The car ride is about 15 minutes from the stop. Ride there was okay, ride back was torture. The van was packed with people, the heat was blasting, and no windows were open. I was .2 seconds from having a claustrophobic panic attack in the back seat. Next time I might set aside some (a lot of) time and walk. Or take a cab. The spa itself was pretty nice. The locker rooms were clean, which is always my biggest worry. They have a locker for your shoes and another locker for your clothing, all controlled by a little plastic watch you wear around. Everything is easily accessible. There was a good variety of baths, saunas, and steam rooms. First floor is clothing-free baths (diff temperatures, different spouts) and steam rooms, second floor is mixed-sex rooms where you wear your little pajama sets they give you, third floor is swimming pools where you wear your bathing suits (bring your own), and I didn't go to the fourth floor but my sister said it was like a club (lol). The swimming pool was prob my favorite. It was freezing outside so being in the warm pool/jacuzzi was great. We floated around for quite awhile and it was very relaxing. My sister and I both signed up for a 1/2 hour scrub ($50, includes tip) and that was INTENSE. If you are sensitive to pain, this is NOT for you. An older korean lady wearing a black bra and panty set lies your naked body on a plastic bed and uses a crazy rough sponge to scrub the entire top layer of your skin off. IT HURTS!!! It hurt the next day too. Ha. My skin felt great once the pain wore off though. Not sure I would do this again. Less relaxing, more S&M. Some suggestions: 1. Bring a bottle of water and snacks. They sell food here but it's priced Disneyland-style. 2. Bring a large towel for the pool. They only provide little green towels from the baths downstairs and it was too tiny to keep me warm in the cold. 3. Bring a book. They have a bunch of quiet rooms where you can just lounge and nap or read or whatever.   4. Don't bring your modesty. You'll see lots of big ol' naked bodies. You get used to it. 5. They don't accept Amex!!
I will say for a day spa experience its not such a bad place, considering what you pay, but if you are looking for a true "Spa" experience this is not what what you get. That said, if you want a chill place to hang out with your girls and have some pools in the mix...its a great escape from the city :)
Best and cheapest alternate to a "Spa Day" which in the US can translate into hundreds of dollars per person. I won't re-describe the grounds, but second all those who say they are amazing - the pictures on their website reflect what you see in person.   I realized that a very powerful jet can do some of the work of a massage therapist. It poured on a cold day but this didnt affect the outdoor tubbin' at all and in fact, may have made it all the better.  Can't imagine enjoying that as much on a hot summer day.  A few of the saunas seem more frivolous than others if you're a skeptic on this kind of stuff like me (LED/color sauna, for real?) but it's funny giving them all a test.  And for the record, a quick dunk in the 59 degree ice bath will always make me more "energized" than a yellow light in the LED sauna. Spa Castle is exactly why I love NYC - people there take the best of the best from around the globe and bring it to the US via NYC.  The business model is great for those of us who need the battery re-charge of a Spa Day, but can't afford or don't have desire to shell over a small fortune for the American version of one (ie. all one on one service at $100/hour).   Spa Castle lets you run free on 4-5 floors of Spa fun for $35-45/day depending on day of week.  Still need your personal time with a massage therapist, nail tech, etc?  Plenty there willing to take your money though no one pushes services here at all and you have to really seek them out. This was perfect for a "Bachelorette Day" on a budget even on a weekend  for our group of 5 twenty somethings - definitely the relaxation and fun we were looking for, with the women's only floor that provides the necessary bonding experience!  We spent 5 hours there for $45 each plus a great $10 lunch (decent value for the quality) and I feel like I could go back often.  Can't wait til they build one in my neck of the woods.   We drove from Manhattan which was fairly simple and they offered free valet.   Side note:  the spa day is a family event for Koreans, so don't be suprised to see 6 year olds running around a day spa with their duck floaties around their tummies.  However, they tend to stick to certain kid-friendly areas and if you're in the right frame of mind (very open!), it's much more cute than annoying.
Spa Castle is an amazing wonderland, and my only explanation for some of the negative reviews here is that people don't always understand what Spa Castle is about before they get there. Spa Castle is not an elite luxury spa that caters to the ultra-rich, has armies of staff people eager to wait on you hand and foot, and limits entry to a select, privileged few. It is a wonderful day spa where, for a mere $40, you can treat yourself to a full day of DIY entertainment and pampering. There are amazing pools, saunas, jacuzzis, steam rooms, showers, and waterfalls on three separate levels, and the food here - particularly the sushi - is quite good and not unreasonably priced (you can get a satisfying meal for under $15). Although extra services, such as massages, body scrubs, and facials, are available, you don't need to spend any extra money to have a wonderful day here. Some tips: -Go on a weekday, not a weekend, to avoid the crowds, and especially children. I got here at 11:30 on a dreary Monday and it was pretty empty till around 4. -If you want to use the outdoor pools on the third level, bring your own beach towel, or use the tiny white towels from the downstairs sauna room. You can also rent a beach towel from Spa Castle for $2, but *make sure to return the towel directly to the place where you rented it from* (don't just leave it in a laundry bin) or you'll be charged a $20 fee for the towel. -Don't be afraid to try the naked pool/shower room! I'm usually pretty shy, but this is one of the best parts of Spa Castle in my opinion (and the entrance fee isn't nearly as good of a deal if you avoid this floor altogether). Young bodies, old bodies, thin bodies, fat bodies - everyone is welcome, and no one gives a damn what you look like, because everyone is having too good of a time trying all of the different pools.
My experience there was absolutely fabulous.  Oooh I can't wait to go there again.  Although I am in California right now.  You guys if you're searching for a spa to relax in in California do "Beach Spa" in Orange County.  It's only one floor and although a third the size of "Inspa"--it's identical except quantity.  Actually the bathing section where the hot tub, warm tub, and cold tub are at Beach Spa is not straight across the shower as Inspa so the eyes don't wonder around you showering while others relaxing at the tub.  If size matters "Inspa" has more saunas maybe 3 more than "Beach Spa" and more restaurants but so far Beach Spa comes closest to "Inspa". The only bad thing about "Inspa" I may say is that they advertise it as a "water park" at one point.  I'd say it's a luxury bathouse.  It's not Action Park nor Dorney Park or anything.  My little neice would be a little disappointed to think of it as "water park".  I paid $30 for admission.  I ate hye dup bab which was really good.  A lot of sushi in it--$13, and Starbucks coffee on my friend whom paid for it.  There were three of us and it was unanimous it is the best. The exercising room seem already run down although machines were new.  I think that's due to poor handling by the other patrons, though.  tsk tsk what a shame.  But then again shouldn't they be fixed and maintained.  I went in later on in the day in the afternoon, so I wonder if in the morning they were working. Most people were carrying towels, although many didn't know how to use the towel they had so there were very little butt marks. hahaha.  The proper ettiquette would be to sit on the towel then wipe off the area used before leaving.  Yes, there are massages, scrub massages, in which the area is in dedicated area and prepared to take 3 or more showers.  Shampoos are inclusive.  They are equipped with blowdryers, lotions, all major brandnames too.  I like that I could travel light.  (Do bring a bathing suit for the outdoor unisex gigantic heated pool on the roof--the only thing that could pass as a "ride".) Checkouts are run by a watch given at admission and electronic like credit card.  They also lock your locker. After a swipe, you get to sign just like using a cc too, I guess, to authentic the closing of the business.  Upon this superb great experience the admission taken and paid at beginning $30 at 1 p.m. and at 7:30 p.m. finishing: the purchase during the spa (lunch) came out to $13 more.   I felt invigorated, light and clean!  With a smile on my face and two rosy glows I proceeded to attend my church that Friday evening with my 2 other friends.  I recommend this place very highly.  They make great gifts too--(gift certificate)!
Definitely a good place to pamper yourself! i've been to many other spas this place is among Top of the list. Excellent swedish massage.. Saunas(5 differnt types to choose from).. Jacuzzis everywhere you turn.. relaxing areas to lounge. i had no problem going bare foot, locker rooms and entire place is clean thru-out. Only reason i didnt give 5-stars, drinks at the bar WAY over-priced ($12 for jack & coke, $3 cup of seltzer water) other than that it deserves all the accolades.. i will be returning .
I could explain everything from the experience to the food to management but I'm gonna make this short and simple. (Don't want to bore you to death) Pros: -They give you a watch which is your key to your lockers and acts as a tab for everything you purchase and you will pay it all at the end before you leave -they have an outdoor pool (you can bring your own swimsuit or rent one for $4 with a rental deposit of $20) -the place is fairly clean (you have some rude people making a mess though) -various saunas and food choices -free transportation (from the one hotel on union and northern to spa castle, and vice versa) -the place is open from 6am to 2am Everyday including holidays -smoking area is located outside on the third floor all the way to the right -sleeping area located on the 1.5 floor -has a decent view of bridge -free valet parking (unless it gets full) -Aqua bar (indoor pool with bar) Cons: -No outdoor sandals allowed (barefoot or buy their sandals for $5) -Admission price ($40 weekday, $50 weekend) -Kid friendly (a lot of crazy kids running around) -Massages are extra cost (excluding the water jet massages) -Gym is also an extra $5 for all day use) -The gender separated indoor pools require nudity (No swimsuits) -Prices for food are expensive (but some are reasonable such as Starbucks aka retail price) -Can get very crowded (depending on time and day) -Not 24/7 As of now, the tickets are on sale on livingsocial for half off so get those before they end. Also people complain about the pools being dirty but you really can't blame management b/c if a pool is constantly being filled with people, how does it not get dirty... The kids are crazy and there actually is location for kids on the second floor (pororo room) and a outdoor pool all the way to the left. Now these kids are sometimes unattended and get in the way so its not much of a spa experience unless you pay more for the soothing massages or sleep in the relaxing room located on 1.5 floor. I don't recommend coming on late August to early September because summer vacation is ending and school is starting. (Its worse now because of the discount on living social) Its also very busy on Friday and weekdays. If you wish to have a spa experience, either come extremely early or extremely late and spend some more money on the massages and time in the relaxing room
You check in the place and you feel like a queen, almost as if you are checking in a luxury hotel. Its $45 dollar to get in on the weekend, you think pricy? No actually its not since we spent 8 hours there.  My first problem was that they never explained to you what to do and how to properly check in your shoes or your clothes. So we go in there taking off our shoes and putting on our flip-flops, and then all of the sudden this lady started to yell barefoot only. So have to be barefoot everywhere. Eww, right is the floor even clean? So we finally put our shoes in and they do have a separate lockers for your clothes. My, my and oo my I have never seen so many nakedness, butts, bushes and boobs in my life. I think I was traumatize. So where the lockers are they have separate pools where you can do whatever you please. You go upstairs keep in mind they give shorts and a shirt. Upstairs they had dining area and sauna which was really nice, and then you go on top floor, they have pools, jacuzzi and you must try everything; all the massages that the pools offer.. At night it was so romantic, so many ambiance lights. I can tell you will have a blast but here where they lost the stars. They didnt give instructions of what is allowed and is not allowed to do and what to do when you enter the place. The food, dont get me started, I didnt even eat there because the food was so pricy; $12 per pound and $12 per roll of sushi. The drinks, oo my no thanks. Good thing I bought my own bottle of watter. Another inconvenience is that in the lockers you can be naked. Where the saunas are, you have to wear your shorts and shirts. In the pool area, you have to be in bathing suits. It is all inconvenience to put on and take off your shirts and shorts. Another part where they lost points is that someone stole my boyfriend shirts and shorts, I mean for chris sake, everyone get the shirt and shorts for free, why would someone want to steal them?
All those saunas!!!! Go into a very hot room like the Jade or Leuess Sauna first then go to the Ice Sauna. Your pores will thank God for you. My muscles still feel relaxed 3 days later. The bathhouse was nude but those massaging jet streams made up for all the tramp stamps I saw. Outdoor hot tub was exquisite. Next time I will make time for the luxury Swedish massages in private rooms. I wanted to sleep there...so nice! The only drawback is the entry into the spa is confusing - no information or true service guides makes it   really confusing bc the place is huge.
Biggest con: unreliable shuttle, far away, virtually no cabs in Queens, $45 entrance fee Things to bring with you: bathing suit if you go to the co-ed pool, towels Now that I've got that out of the way: this review is really only for the Women's spa on the main floor. I never even got the chance to see the outdoor pools or anything other than the 1st and 2nd floors.  My girlfriends and I went for a girls' spa day.  I chose the 60 minute korean body scrub and massage for $65.  Upon arrival, you are given a wristband that keeps track of your purchases, and a hideously ugly pink uniform.  There are separate shoe lockers and clothing lockers, and they are opened with the flick of your wristband. The baths have 4 hot tubs, 1 large jet tub, 1 cold bath, and an ice bath.  Along the wall is a dry sauna and a wet sauna, and other showers along the wall.  One corner is dedicated to the body scrubs with Korean women in their black bras and panties, which I'm assuming is their uniform.  The body scrub and massage was absolutely wonderful.  They split it up for 30 minutes for each. They also give you this cucumber/milk mask, and wash your hair. The only thing missing was some relaxing music, and maybe some champagne.   I felt absolutely pampered and explored all the pools and saunas.  I actually felt so comfortable walking around naked. When you leave this floor, you are required to have your uniforms on.  So, I forced myself to put these oversized pink t-shirts and shorts and schlepped upstairs to order an $8 smoothie.  it was pretty awesome.  I just wanted to get back down to the baths and lay in the jets. Other than that...I really enjoyed myself and can't wait to get some more pampered naked time.
Its okay, something to experience once and move on. A lot of pools, a lot of saunas but its the same thing so you not really going to use all. The only down fall is no one in the locker room can speak english so if you need help on where to go or anything forget about it. The ladies who do the scrub are rough, speak loudly in their language to each other over you and again can't speak english to even tell what they want you to do. The food is too expensive so just eat before you go.
My husband took me here for my birthday. Its like an amusement park of spa facilities and so amazing. I would return again and again. I had one uncomfortable situation in the "quiet room" where people go to nap where some customers were being extremely loud. No one from the spa was nearby to take care of the situation, so we just ended up having to leave the room. My request is that they lower the prices or have specials, because the high price prohibits me from being able to return often.
Horrible service, $14 drinks, seriously over crowded. Thumbs down. We got a living social deal so it was half price, and still a waste of money.  Did I mention the employees don't give a darn about your experience? Don't come here!
Last week was the first time i went to spa castle, here's my take on it... the greats: 1. relaxing 2. can spend oodles of time there w/o spending too much 3. many facilities to choose from 4. great with family or friends the not so great: 1. i felt like there were too many kids at one point 2. the locker room...although i respect the fact that people are comfortable with their bodies and want to walk around naked, but the facility needs to at least...just out of respect have one shower area with lets say...a curtain??? just so that the ones who do need to scrub/lather themselves down in all the nooks and crannies wouldn't have to do it in front of everyone....i mean don't get me wrong...i don't mind being naked  in the locker room, but i would have to say...sitting down after someone has swat and scrubbed the daylights out of their goodies and whatnot...that's just plain unsanitary. I'm an RN, I should know. 3. Um...the kids are at the age where I believe shouldn't be seeing adults naked, the little toddlers are fine, but the ones in between...i dunno...no comment well..there you go...my little take on it
This is definitely worth a day trip to see. I've long been a fan of Japanese style onsens (geothermally heated bath houses) or sento bath houses (same basic idea, but heat is supplied by boilers)... which are rather hard to find anywhere on the East Coast (there are spas and hot springs on the West Coast and in the Rocky Mountain states, but those are much more Western in their outlook, especially the swimsuit requirement. InSpa World (or NY Spa Castle as it is currently called)  is about as close as one gets to the Japanese experience, plus or minus a few features: Japanese bath houses typically have a food venue ranging from a ice cream freezer and a beer vending machine to a full service restaurant with plenty of beer on tap; the Spa Castle has a central food court smack in the middle of the complex which can get rather congested, and NO beer... an almost cardinal offense to a sauna scorched palate! Spa Castle does add the numerous themed dry and aromatic saunas to the mix, which is not typical of the Japanese experience, as well as the various hydrojet pools on the third floor. For the new visitor, one thing to get used to is the "rules" (which in Spa Castle's case, are rather clearly posted in various places - particularly the locker rooms). 1 - Taking off the shoes, sandals, or other footgear upon entering the locker room area (you secure them in a specially designated locker keyed to a wristband you get, which also functions as a tab chit for tracking all those expensive yummies and drinks you may want to buy, as well as any massages or body scrubs, etc.) 2 - Strip down to your birthday suite (get nekkid) and shower up with a good, obvious scrub. Razors and shaving cream are available along with toothbrushes and complimentary toothpaste, so no need to for gruesome grizzly stubble or the dragon breath... unless of course, you are growing a beard.  But still no pass for the dragon breath.   Now I've no idea about the feminine amenities over on their side, nor do I have any intention of finding out for myself. But If you are a lady in need of shaving your beard, you've probably got some bigger worries than what sort of freebies are at a Korean bath house in Queens. 3 - Getting used to getting nekkid (naked) to use the sex-segregated hot tubs. When I went there was only one guy wearing something like bike shorts, and it turns out he was one of the help, soliciting folks for massages. Otherwise, it is a free-for-all of nekkidness, which as user "Allen Y." remarked below, is quite a bit of dick (or vag) to be seen  (or to pretend to avert one's eyes from whilst probably being altogether too obvious glancing at various naughty bits)... although I dare say that there was likely more than just this boy's gaydar pinging in the men's sauna. Fortunately, there was nothing of the sort of behaviour seen in "bathhouses of ill-repute" here, to say nothing of it being quite against the rules. Oh, and should you of easily tempted natures feel that your naughty bits are of an urge to go from the "I'm really trying not to notice anything" to "I'm really rather interested, actually!", the very quick fix is to stop chatting up Mr. Chiselled Pecs, and head straight for the "Chilled Water" bath, where said water will provide both cover and instant shrinkage.  Not that I had encountered this mind you, but I will testify that the Chilled Water Bath is not for the faint of heart, at a brisk 57F. There is also a pair of saunas in the bathing area, a dry one at a blistering 190F and a slighlty less so steam sauna at 140F.  Do put the undersized towels under your bottom before planting cheeks on the seat; "keep your naughty bits to yourself", as the old saying goes. Upon exiting the saunas, two rather large signs command you to shower before jumping in the tub. And rather conveniently, there is a big showerhead directly between the doors to the saunas, which releases a chilling dose of shrinkage (see also item 3 above) and washes away and sweaty nastiness from your person. The rest is pretty self-explanatory, with various hydrojets and waterfalls activated by  hand-sensor button thingies which can be a bit dodgy, needing multiple presses to get the desired action. I wouldn't suggest smashing a non-compliant button though, as they appear to have much give to them. Upon finishing up in the bathing area, dry off with the micro-towel and toss it in the bin near the door. Grab yourself a "uniform" (the somewhat ill-fitting T-shirt and shorts) from the cubby - I recommend going a size larger than what you ordinarily wear, unless you happen to be Michael J. Fox size) and change it if you want to go upstairs to sample the themed saunas and food, and grab your swim trunks and the towel you've brought with you if you plan to "swim" in the upstairs pools, as the help may fuss at you if you go upstairs nekkidly, as well as slogging about in a soggy swimsuit. Beyond that, it is quite enjoyable, and worth the $45 admission.
OMG, I went there in the winter and it didn't disappoint. Main floor has lots of Sauna rooms. They go from cold to very Hot, I do not remember the temperature numbers. Each one of them has a purpose that fits with your needs and body structure. For me the hottest one works the best. As I sweated a lot and stayed stagnant my body started to relax and get to the point that I couldn't get up. Too bad it got too hot that I needed to get out when its about 30mins or I'd die... Please remember for hot sauna you are allowed to stay up to 30-40 mins and MUST take a rest in room temperature for 10 mins. Else you might suffer... There are sections that you can just relax, sit and chat, watch TV, stretching section, or a sleeping section. The outdoor pool experience is Awesome! It was cold outside and the pool was warm and cozy. It also had many devices with water pressure that massages you with the water inside the pool. It has a variety devices and with variety of methods. The experience in the main locker room is like going to the gym, there are people walking in nude to change and to go to the hot tubs and shower. Should be a normal experience after you have been to college gym, changing room of swimming pool, or even a normal gym. After the whole experience of 4+ hrs in this place my whole body was so relaxed that I couldn't move when I was leaving. My body was so weak and flimsy after the whole experience as if I went through a "Happy Ending"... Very well recommended if you want to have a "Happy Ending"...
The only reason why I go here is for the saunas. The Saunas are amazing and big! Sleeping areas are awesome when you get tired. I don't do a lot of the water pool stuff because there are always kids around and they probably pee in it! There froyo is very good. Never ate an actual meal in there, maybe I'll try it next time. Booked a massage there too and had a wonderful experience. The masseuse knew exactly what he was doing. Felt very relaxed after wards. THE ONLY THING THAT BOTHERS ME WHEN I COME HERE IS THE STAFF! they are so rude! uninformative about anything. I remember going there for my first time, the staff expected I knew what to do, where to go, how everything works, and looking at me like I'm retarded. It's so messed up. I had an old korean lady chase me because I was dripping in water after the shower..WELL DUH because the towels they give you only cover my butt! Other than that, i always come out of there very relaxed!
I think that best comment one can make is that it was what they advertised (on the website).   I was pleasantly surprised.  I'm not a "spa guy."  So why did I go?  The day at the spa was a present from a family member and a bunch of us went. The place was extremely clean--without that, who would want to go.  The facilities were excellent--exactly what you see on the website--actually, better--their pictures don't do a good enough job of promoting the place.  The saunas were great--quiet and relaxing, even if people were speaking, which is no crime.  And the baths/jacuzzis (aka "bade pools") were great too--very powerful jets, not those wishy-washy ones that you can hardly feel.  Some of these are "knock you over" powerful.   My family (not me--I'm not a spa guy) got massages and facials, and everyone liked them.   The food was good--most of it reasonably priced, but some is crazily priced.  Burger for $10--a little high but not to crazy, and there were meals for around $12 and a nice salad bar (at $12 per pound).  On the crazy side--$17 for a mixed drink in Queens is a bit pricey--you're already paying for the atmosphere; and $11 for yogurt seemed high (even if they give you enough for three people), but $4 for ice cream seemed okay.  Just some odd pricing on the food.   Anyway, it was a great place.  I'd definitely go back, and I'm not a spa guy.
Very nice place to rest, sleep, power-wash your body. Beware of nakedness. Also rude employees"don't leave drinks on the outside pool or you will get yelled at". Over all 4 stars. Needs more guidance for the new comers.
If your going by public transportation good luck. Getting home was way easier than getting there! Best way it take the E,F, or 7 train to 71-continental then get on the 20 bus to 127th street and walk to 131 and you will be there! Hop stop gave HORRIBLE directions! But this place is. Absolutely amazing for a 1st timer! Best part was being naked! Makes me think I should join a nudist colony!!
$45 admission is worth the visit.  However, this does not give you any premium service such as massage, facial, foot rub, etc.  You would only get access to the hot sauna, steam, and the indoor/outdoor jacuzzi (this is all levels of Spa Castle).   Make sure you eat before you go, they have food that weighs by the pound and costs a fortune.  The noodle bar is expensive too.
On one hand, I had a great time.  On the other hand, the locker room exposed penis to unexposed penis ratio was a little...skewed in one direction.  So straight away, if that sentence in any way bothers you, think twice before you head here. If you don't care, good.  A true Korean spa, SC delivers the epitome of a relaxing day.  I'll say it - i'm not a particular fan of traditional locker room group shower experiences....buuuut this place is a big fat exception. Get over it, drop some clothes, and hit the Event bath.  Then go in the 192 degree sauna.  Then the cold shower.  Then the event bath.  Then the hot tub chairs with jets.  Then cap it all off with a hot shower.  Do it all without worrying about a towel - and be a better man for it. See?  Aren't you already having a great time?  And you haven't even left the locker room yet! Okay, now you're just hanging out.  Leave the locker room. Head upstairs for floor after floor of expansive, wonderfully heated, relaxing paradise.  Enjoy the 197 degree sauna followed immediately by a stint in the 39 degree freezer.  Take a nap in the nap room.  Have a fruit smoothie.  Pay for a massage.  Enjoy the indoor pool bar.  Dip in the heated outdoor pool with a unique variety of jets and massaging apparati and then sit in the wood-lain hot tub that kind of smells like cedar. Facts:  You will have a good time, you will leave more relaxed, and you will spend more money than you thought you would. Tips: - Get there EARLY.  Valet your car and enjoy everything early.  We got there at 10:30 and I wish we got there at 8:30.  The crowds and kids and annoying people that treat this like an all inclusive resort pop in around 1pm. - Bulk up on the free water...and ration your swim up bar unless you're just droppin bills like it's your birthday.  Drinks are pricy and gratuity is included.  Plus, all you have to do is scan your wrist, so as with a cruise, you can drink and drink...but might get a little shock when you cash out. - Bring a towel and a bathing suit.  This allows for maximum enjoyment - even though you have to wear your year 2500 style gray matching clothes, you still need a bathing suit for all the non-naked pool related activities. Do NOT indulge in the fruit buffet.  Sure, its very nice of them to cut up watermelon slices the size of your head and pineapple the size of your arm, but at $10 or something per pound I dropped a whopping $21.00 on fruit I could have gotten for 4 bucks at the store.  Yeah, it was good...but not THAT good. DO indulge in sushi, as well as a bento box (if that is your thing) from the restaurant upstairs.  Prices are pretty reasonable. Admission isn't too steep, and Spa Castle promises a day full of relaxation, swimming, drinking, saunaing, and a little bit of hanging out.  Literally. Just read some reviews before going here - the staff doesn't do much in the way of explaining for first timers. Oh yeah, and don't wear your shoes past the door to the locker room.  Illegal.  Be one with the shoe locker and avoid getting yelled at.
Went last night when it was 20 degrees out and the outdoor tubs were heated perfectly! The crowd was also much more tame so I was able to relax better that usual. Feel great now-I needed that!
I am a big fan of Spa Castle. I have been there several times. The facility is very clean and offers a wide variety of different types of saunas, spa's, relaxation rooms, etc., which are all included in the entrance price. Spa services are additional. The only negative issue i have with this place is walking around barefoot. I wish they offered slippers that you can wear while walking around. Other then that, this is a great place to spend a few hours, and feel like you are on vacation while only traveling 20 minutes from NYC.
I've never seen so many WANGS in my life! Yes, I know Wang is predominantly a Chinese surname...and Spa Castle is Korean.  But with the aggressive nudity going on in the bottom floor of this place, I had no choice but to force this double entendre (do I hear Urban Dictionary calling??).   Look, if no one warns you (read: no one warned ME), the nudity in the gender specific indoor-spa area will probably leave you feeling like this:  bit.ly/i5fGAT But to be fair, if aggressive nudity ain't your thang, it's plenty easy to skip the indoor spa and spend your time on the upper 4 floors.   Some of the more interesting stuff: comfortable napping areas for adults and outdoor spa/hot-tubs even in the winter.  Plus, they give you a "watch" which is really a scanner connected to your credit card so you can make purchases without carrying money around.     Age range of the clientele?  It's like the target market for Chutes and Ladders: ages 2 to 92.   Overall, this place is kind of like a Six Flags meets a Korean Spa.  A day pass is $45 on the weekends, and you can easily burn 4-5 hours there. It's so unique it's worth trying at least once.   If you're still reading...here's what you need to know about the body scrub you're considering: 1) Unconsider.   You've been warned.  But if you choose to ignore me... 2) You'll be naked.  110% naked.  No towel involved.  Face up.  (#awkward) 3) You're not in a private room.  You're in the indoor spa area, gender specific, but out in the open.  (#doubleawkward) 4) There are 3 tables lined up about 2 feet away from one another.   So you'll be next to at least one other 110% naked guy.  Possibly 220% naked guys if you land the middle table (#dammit).   5) Some shirtless dude takes a massive toothbrush and scrubs your whole body down (#violated).     6) You get buckets of water thrown on you to wash away...whatever the hell he just scraped off of you (#gross).   7) I don't really remember the rest because I've already blocked out this experience.  (#gratefulforamnesia)
After reading all of the previous yelp reviews, I decided to go here on a weekday and with a friend who could show me the ropes.   The location of the spa is a little far away.  I had to give my cab driver very detailed directions (luckily I looked it up ahead of time otherwise I would have never made it).   Like everyone says you get in and pay for the day ($35/weekday) and they give you this wrist band that you use to pay for your meals, spa treatments and drinks.  This can be a bit tricky because everything you swipe starts to add up.   After you pay, you go downstairs to the locker room area where the staff gives you a hideous bright pink and orange colored uniform (come on Spa Castle, it's time for new apparel) and you put your stuff in a locker and shoes in another locker.  You will find various naked and clothed women are hanging out in the locker area, taking naps and some pools.  The 'naked room' as I like to call it (pool room where you are required to wear your birthday suit) is off to the side so if you're like me and find massive nudity a shock, you quickly change into your neon spacesuit and get out of there.   Upstairs a level you can use all of the awesome saunas to get your sweat on.  Personally, I liked the super hot sauna and the salt sauna.  On that same level, they have spa services and the food court.  The spa services are a little overpriced for what you're getting.  I recommend getting a massage or facial elsewhere maybe through Groupon or Lifebooker.  As for the food, there's not much of a selection and it's pretty expensive but if you're there for the day, you really don't have much of a choice in the matter.   Up the stairs half a level they have these strange TV rooms with couches and some area for foot massages.  I didn't stop to sit, I kept walking further to the rooftop level where I encountered the pools.  I liked the outside pools to cool off after the saunas.  I guess it was a little like a Jacuzzi pool.   Overall, I had a good, relaxing experience and I thought that it was well worth the money.
What amazing day I had here! I already love saunas and thermal pools, but this place have  LOTS of different saunas and pools. Different scents, temperature, minerals what they are made and a couple other stuffs.. Recently they have added a bar to one of it's pool, serving draft beer and drinks. At the outside area they have two huge pools with massage water jets and a very comfy jacuzzi... It feels and look amazing when there is snow around the pols... so go on the winter time for this! There is clothing restrictions to the showers at the male/female rooms. Don't be scared or uncomfortable, everybody is there to enjoy the place as much as you are. Enjoy your bath and the steam room because nobody attack you... I could go much longer here talking good about this place... But you need to go there and check everything for yourself. They have everything there so you can enjoy all day long without leaving the building... If you don't own a car, they offer free transportation from the last stop of the 7 train (flushing-main st). Just visit their website for the schedule and directions!
When a birthday arrives these days, I find myself more of a curmudgeon and less inclined to "let's celebrate!" So this year, I decided to avoid the reservations, the expensive night of alcohol and the inevitable look of death the next morning. Instead I took my oldest friend in the world, my mom and her mom to Spa Castle - a magical world of spa pools, sauna's and massages that I have been itching to go to since it first opened in College Point. A 15 min drive from house and voila - we arrived. First impressions - clean, bright and efficient. You pay your $35 (weekday rate), get your electronic "golden ticket" and walk through to the locker room.* Everyone gets their own electronic shoe locker and then larger clothing locker. You are also provided with a uniform of sorts (cotton shirt and shorts), towels (if you need it) and a smile. ** Then you exit into the wonderland that is Spa Castle. I soaked. I was pummeled by therapeutic jets of water in a mineral pool. I partook in the Hinoki tub on the roof, which gave the illusion that you were truly in some outdoor garden and not on a rooftop in Queens. I baked in the Gold Plated, Mineral Salt and UV Red Sauna's. I cooled down in the Ice Sauna. My skin felt amazing. I was limp as a noodle*** at the end of it all. We all were in agreement that this was awesome. A perfect way to spend an odd little birthday. Notes: * The women-only locker room does not have private changing areas or showers - be prepared to see women of all shapes and sizes in their birthday suits and for you to have to wander around in yours if you are to partake in the hot and cold pools. It's a great way to lose your inhibitions. Ahem. ** You cannot wear your shoes inside the spa, but it was clean enough to walk around barefoot. If you are squeamish - you can buy their slippers for $5. I didn't. *** There is food here - a tad expensive for what it is, but you are a captive audience. And there are no other restaurants in the area. You also don't need your wallet, just scan your locker key at the food areas and pay your bill when you return your key.
It's an interesting setup... I came with 2 other girlfriends for a relaxing spa day. Boy, that was a mistake. There were so many large parties who were just loud, yelling at each other across the pools. Then there were the kids, the screaming fussy toddlers...it was anything but relaxing. Next time, I will try a weekday, which I hope will be much more civilized. I thought the services were good, lots of options in terms of pools, hot tubs, lounging areas, and food. But overall, I would say it's the Holiday Inn of spas with Hilton prices.
Planned my best friends baby shower here. It went wonderful. But note that if your body conscious you may not want to come here.  Think turkish spa's. It is of course separated by gender, but its full frontal and etc... in the baths which is on the lower level - in the locker area. Plenty of children which I don't mind as a parent.  Their bars (SEVERAL) are fully stocked.  I plan on taking my daughters there for a day of relaxation. Wish they'd open one here in NC. Drawbacks - pricey yes, always packed, lockers are small. I can't seem to come up with anything else. If you don't want to pay for the full massage there are massage chairs (a la nail salons) that can do the trick. Heated pool is great as we went in March. Will definitely do it again.
I'm a huge fan of this place...but you do have to go at the right time in order to truly enjoy yourself.  That would be on a weekday, Mon-Thurs and not on a holiday.   My routine for a day of relaxation (at $35 it can't be beat): - Arrive and take a quick shower, put on the uniform and head upstairs. - Get some water massage therapy in an outdoor pool (if the weather permits) - Enjoy a few saunas (there's about 8 and my favs are the gold room, salt room then jade room) - Time for some lunch (or dinner) in the 3rd floor restaurant or salad bar (pricey but usually very good.  I recommend the beef soup and lettuce wraps). - If you ate too much, take a nap in a big comfy chair with a mini tv attached.  If not proceed to... - Enjoy a few more saunas then time for something cold and refreshing (we call it Halo-halo in Tagalog, but they call it something else...ice cream works too) - The last stop is optional...you can bathe in the locker room bath house, enjoying a few more jetted, heated tubs, saunas, and body scrub services or just head home & shower there if your uncomfortable around naked people! Bring your towel, toiletries and hair products and you're set to go out for the night looking relaxed and rejuvenated!   Some notes: *No need for any extra services (that are very pricey and I do not recommend getting a facial there - it's way overpriced and they just stick a face mask on you).   *If you are not staying a full day there, eat elsewhere - you will find higher quality food in neighboring restaurants *Avoid weekends and holidays at all costs - children do run wild there and parents seem to disappear for the day...maybe they drop them off there and hope for the best?
Seriously? This is a spa? Just because there are a bunch of saunas and hot tubs, that makes this place a spa? I came on a Sunday and paid $45 dollars. When I left, I did not feel pampered nor relaxed. I just felt like I took a really long bath. Seriously the pools do not even feel like a hot tub. I felt like I just came from a water park. I would give this place a plus for the wristband, it's awfully convenient. Also the food here is terribly overpriced. $10 dollars for a burger? C'mon! Eh, I don't even know if I'm going to come back or not. I would only come back for the saunas but that's about it. But I must say, I really did like the ice land sauna and the dark one. Shrugs*
I don't really get massages here but their body scrub is so Asian, which I totally love, no messy cream product, just milk if desired, just like the ones I used to get in China. I normally come here in late Fall and Winter during the weekdays (cuz it's cheaper), I mean $25 for a day pass without having to give tips is pretty darn good deal. I love soaping myself in their hot tubs until my skin turns red like a lobster, then go to their heated floor resting area to take a nap, or I just grab my net book and lay on the couch like a pig. You can either go with a friend, a relative, or simply spend the time there alone, this place melts my muscles and bones every time I visit! Yup, it's that relaxed.
*************** Winter Season Review (20 degree weather) *************** Weekday special $ 35.00* (weekend is $ 45.00)  all day access (from 6AM - Midnight). For a Full relaxation: Once you go in, they will give you a "WATCH" with a 4 digit number (That means you will have to match the number with your shoe and closet locker room.  So you won't get lost!.  Also you can use your watch to pay your drinks, food, and extra services such as massages, bath robes, other amenities (You will pay once you're done with it at the exit) Main floor is when they have a variety of Hot Dry Sauna rooms, from 133 degrees up to 190 degrees (HOTNESS). Also there are sections that you can just relax (incline chair with a small TV to watch) or a sleeping section. 2 Floor with an outdoor Pool spa (From head, neck, back, legs) Strong air pressure jets that can give you a full body treatment.  Also a Hot Jacuzzi (104 degree water). I didn't try the food because mostly were just Noodle soup, Mini Buffets, Fresh fruits and alcoholic drinks for a Ridiculous price (and I wasn't craving for it at that time). If you are comfy enough, you can get "NAKID" in the main locker room where they have nude hot tubs and shower (that offers shampoo, conditioner, soap and a mini towel of a size of 12X24 inches long)** PS... I went in from 7PM until 11PM So there was no kids and less crowd. Yippy YO Yippy Yey!  One more Happy Ending for Helena (WOOT WOOT) __________________________________________________­___ * You can buy a special package of 12 tickets for $ 300.00 (Which comes out $ 25.00 per person)  OR if you are coming in a large group, they offer special discounts. ** Recommends to BRING your OWN TOWEL if you want to cover yourself.  AND YOUR SWIMSUIT.
Spa Castle is an experience, but unfortunately one for the whole family. I love the many different saunas and pools. The few hours I spent here were rather blissful, aside from the shrieking of the kids enjoying the pools with their parents. Still, a great spot to come on a date or with friends. Be forewarned that being a Korean sauna, everyone is naked in the gender-segregated bath area.
This place was great
A friend and I trooped it to Spa Castle from the city for a girl spa day! We heard about their shuttle (also stated on their Web Site) so we figured it wouldn't be THAT far or long of a wait, for that matter. No, we were wrong. It did take forever to get there....and it was even more annoying to travel that much AFTER we left. Also, shuttles were very infrequent, disorganized-- apparently grown men and women do not believe in waiting in line. I mean, if you didn't get there first, you shouldn't be the first one on the sketchy van shuttle. UH.... We went on a weekend so it was $45. Blah. Quite pricey but what the hey, it's a spa, right? Wrong. This place doesn't have a spa ambiance or vibe whatsoever. Fully supported by the ridiculous amount of kids running around the place. I get it. You're a parent. You want to bring your children places. But to a spa? Think about it. I like kids but not when I'm trying to RELAX! Inevitably their high-pitched screaming and running around annoyed the crap out of me....But what could one do? Complain to management?.. who will in turn look at me as if I were a child-hater and offer no compensation? No, thanks. My friend and I decided to splurge and book a deep tissue Swedish massage. We didn't have reservations but made one on the spot for a later time. We arrived on time to our massages and boy were we sorry! This massage was absolutely terrible. In fact, I questioned my masseuses credentials. I'm convinced she had NO idea what she was doing. So much so that the next day my body (and my friend's too) was sore and recovering from the "massage." Ridiculous.... I didn't know it was so terrible until I had a Swedish massage elsewhere and felt AMAZING. It's not suppose to hurt....the next day. I haven't been back to Spa Castle...and I don't plan on it. I rather not travel so far for bad service, kids running around, lukewarm in/outdoor pools, and naked locker rooms that are fully equipped with naked women scrubbing their bodies and pools that look very unsanitary. P.S. I did buy food from the buffet here. You WILL get hungry. And the food WILL taste horrible and cost an arm and a leg.
The spa overall was okay. Went with a friend on a Thursday around 3. There was construction going on near by so it was a hassle to get to. We drove almost 1 hr and were about to turn around it was so hard to get to! Anyway, we made it. The saunas were good. They were relaxing and quiet. Locker room was also neat and clean. It was a bit odd to see people walking around naked though. One complaint I do have is that the indoor jacuzzi was no where near hot. It was about 20 degrees so we ran outside to test the outdoor jacuzzi waters. It was a bit better but totally not what I would expect the water temp to be. It was alternated between warm and lukewarm. So disappointed.
I like Spa Castle a lot - however... I did hear of someone getting sick  in an unmentionable area after visiting the Castle. Could it it have been caused by swimming there?  Very possibly.  Drinking fluids and being in hot water and seeing some people are having jets squirt wherever - not to be gross, but, have to think that there's some unclean stuff in those pools that chlorine might not catch... or might catch... hopefully... Just something to keep in mind.
I have been here several times over the past couple of years and it seems to me as it has gained popularity the quality has gone down. For the entry fee of now $40 I still find it a relaxing getting away but I will say that the service and staff is diminishing as the prices rise.   The food in the salad bar is usually my favorite always taste great but today I found a hair in my salad! I'll stick to the freshly made sushi next time. I Decided to treat my self to frozen yogurt which was good, but could stand to be cheaper than $10 for a medium sized cup. The best time to come is early on a weekday morning before it gets overcrowded. And never come on school holidays unless you enjoy the company of little children in what should be a relaxing space. Overall if you just need a day to get away and hang out in the jacuzzi or pool for a decent price this is the place to come. Just don't expect the extra friendly staff you find at most spas.
This is a wonderful spa located in North Queens. I am dumbfounded that I did not know about this place until last summer. When you walk in you will see three floors of pools, saunas, bars, restaurants, and massage areas. The pool area is awesome. There are jet streams, artificial waves, Jacuzzi, and a heated water area. They have about 5 saunas of varying temperatures and with different stones and salts. The locker rooms are clean. In the men's locker room there is also a pool area for men only. The bar is fully stocked with beer, wine, and spirits.They limit customers to 3 drinks (a wise decision, in my opinion). There is also a Korean restaurant that offers delicious food. I took off a star for 2 reasons. First, they allow children into the spa. This diminishes the experience as some parents let their wild rugrats roam free. Second, they charged us for 2 bottles of water we didn't purchase. When we complained they presumed we were lying and checked surveillance videos to verify that we did not buy the 2 bottles. It was a tacky end to what was otherwise a thoroughly enjoyable day.
At a recent job, there was a manager there whom everyone despised and feared. The women who had worked there longest sounded like battered wives trying to rationalize his behavior. "He's abusive, because he's divorced and he never sees his child. He's always in a good mood when he got to exercise his parental visitation rights. You can just tell he loves children." Yeah, suffer the little ones unto that guy. The bartender and I witnessed one encounter when he invited himself to a table so he could coo over a toddler. The little boy was eating bread, and he had to bother him about it and how yummy it looked. You gotta feel sorry for kids in the city having to put up with weird old strangers, but this boy handled it well. He threw some bread at the guy, as if he was feeding a squirrel in Union Square. The look on this guy's face! He looked about to murder this kid and angrily scolded him for throwing, though trying to seem polite. (Don't  get into it with Tribeca parents.) Anyway, I never saw this manager happy after a meaningful encounter with children. He was a bully who figured children have no choice but to flatter his ego. The only time I ever saw him genuinely relaxed and human was after a day at Spa Castle. I remarked on his good mood then backpedaled when he gave me a dirty look. But then it came out about how amazing the facilities and the services are there. Unless they cheat and slip lithium in the cucumber water, they're miracle workers.
The following is probably the closest I'll come to girl-on-girl porn. ** Boom chicka chicka bow ** Imagine a woman. Darken her hair, lighten her skin, make her eyes a little thinner. Now disrobe her, leaving only matching black undergarments. Subtract 10 pounds. Put Brillo mittens on her hands. She is efficient and strong. Her eyes are neither kind nor wise, but they are smart. Behind them is a quick laugh. Now, after rendering me naked putty under said mittens, imagine her on her knees, straddling my back on a narrow plastic bed, my face grimaced and groaning while she digs her elbows under my shoulder blades. My sister is undergoing the same treatment several feet over. [An hour later, I'm reading short stories while sipping Brooklyn Lager sitting on pool jets. It's not particularly sexy; I only mention it to indicate satisfaction.]
The concept of spa castle is very unique (at least for New York) and for that, I will give it props. Additionally, for the $45 entrance fee, you get access to the showers, saunas, steam rooms, and the plethora of warm bathing pools.  The place is fairly overrun though, and more importantly, VERY expensive if you want to get anything extra. My mom, sister, and I got foot and deep tissue body massages which came out to be about $200 per person. On top of that, the lunch and juice options in the place are limited and expensive. That being said, my favorite part of the day were the naked pools by the women's locker room.  Even though they are slightly uncomfortable (and you are bound to check out (and be checked out by) other women, they are the least crowded parts of the massive place and the temperature of the water is nice and soothing!
Really nice spa I have been coming here for very long time very relaxing place best part of this place is Foot massage. Food is ok!! Best place for group of friends nice bar Plenty of alcohol but limited 3 drinks per person only :(
At $35 for all-day access, Spa Castle is really expensive, compared to LA however, it's cheap for New York. Hence the 4*s because I can't get my Korean spa for a reasonable price anywhere else in the city. It's a large complex. After paying, they give you an electric watch-like device that tells you which one is your locker for your shoes and for your clothes. You go to the first locker for your shoes and then you go find your locker for the rest of your belongings. It's a Korean spa, which means: 1) Lots and lots of nakedness in the single sex areas 2) Lots of and lots of children running around (we're family oriented) 3) Korean drama and news on the television screens It also caters to a lot of non-Koreans, which means: 1) People actually speak and understand English 2) You'll see people who are weirded out by nakedness and children What I like about Spa Castle: 1) A good number of hot tubs, some large, some small. 2) REALLY STRONG jets 3) Two different restaurants for food 4) A great bar for fun frou-frou drinks 5) Tons of saunas 6) The outdoor rooftop hot tubs with their great seating areas in the tubs (some of them are like chaise lounge chairs) 7) A room where you can recline in a big comfy chair and watch television (large enough for you and your honey if you guys are thin) What I don't like about Spa Castle: 1) The price (sorry, I'm too used to LA prices) 2) The really loud Russian men who won't be quiet 3) If not that, then you'll have screaming kids -- I don't care that children are there, I just wish they weren't running into me and screaming all over the place Will I come again? Yes, when I need a hot soak and not in LA. NOTE: Bring a large towel with you. The towels they provide are the size of tea towels.
This is a great place to spend a day relaxing.  I subtracted two stars because the management.  We went there when it was so packed with families since school was off that there was literally no space in any of the facilities.  When we found this out after changing we asked for a refund and was refused one as we spent more than 10 minutes in the facility.  While I understand that management cannot give refunds to people who actually used the facilities it was impossible for us try them within 10 minutes after going in once completing the whole required changing routine.  The (poor) decision was a short term gain for a long term loss. The business concept is great though and they are expanding throughout the US.
OM (F) G if you haven't been you must go. I'd like to say it's not for everyone because it isn't - but it sure is for me.
Really enjoyed Spa Castle's amenities-- get there early to avoid the crowds. Food is very over priced so try to eat before! Caution: Be very careful while walking around. You're not allowed to wear flip-flops. I slipped in the changing area b/c a cleaner was mopping (out of sight) and did not leave a sign up. The cleaner and receptionist also just looked at me blankly as I was on the floor/ getting up. Very unprofessional staff. I also e-mailed Spa Castle about this incident (no manager was able to speak to me as I was checking out which was very odd) and received no response. Definitely a safety concern.
Now I know what all the fuss is about...This place is enormous and is a must try for everyone who loves the idea of being relaxed and pampered. Loved the experience.... I went for my friend's bachelorette party during the day time... Some tips: Go there early to grab a spot on the lounge chairs for the upper level water area for the different pools they have. Bring your own bath and beach towel. They will only supply you with small towels. My biggest regret is arriving at Spa Castle on Saturday at 1:30pm. I think the Ideal time to come here is around 9:00am. That way you have more time to relax... The locker room was very clean, modern and spacious. There was also a lounge area with sofas where you can relax. Connected to the locker rooms were the hot tubs and a few sauna rooms. Try out all the different saunas that they have there! There is even an ice sauna that has actual ice around inside!
wish they wouldn't charge so much for food and that they would have like a sauna room of 90-100 degrees and enough pillows on the open sleeping area, and that the TV's work in the couch sleeping area. i also found a black dirtied spot in one of the towels. other than that, everything else is great!
Leave your identity at the door. It's like a prison, and you get tracked with a watch device.  This device is used for all transactions around the spa, such as food, drinks, and anything that requires money, The food was great but pricey for sure. You pay after you're done with your visit at the front counter and don't even think about dipping on the bill, they have pictures up of people who left without paying ! So don't be that guy!! You get your own set of clothes, slippers and toothbrush when you arrive.. it's like a relaxing prison sentence.  Now that you have your supplies.. get your butt into the locker room and avoid any awkward eye contact with the naked people around you.   I enter the locker room and say to myself "Just keep your eyes on yourself or the floor, don't look around , don't look around" After you're all changed, make your way up to the common area up the stairs.. but be sure you have your uniform on.  This is a common area! Body massages and such will run you another hundred or so, I did not try this since I am cheap, Ha!   There are a lot of pools, individual water massage seats, hot saunas, cold saunas, even nap areas all over the place. It's like a nice little water park, but it's not as relaxing as I thought it might be.  There were just too many screaming little kids and full of people who don't know how to act.  This ruined the experience for me for sure. I guess girls love to relax all day and be pampered and do nothing.. but if you ask me. I was really bored after an hour or two into this.  I don't think I carry enough stress which I feel the need to sit or lay down at a spa all day. But that's just me.
You can definitely spend the entire day here, this place is enormous. Parking wasn't too bad on the streets on this Sunday afternoon. You are greeted semi-warmly then pass through the gates towards this locker room where you are given this outfit to wear. This OutFIT is a bit outrageous, but whatever just deal with it. We went  upstairs where they have different types of food that you can get, and trust me if you stay here for a couple of hours you will get hungry. *By the way, expect to see a ton of naked people everywhere. Do not forget a bathing suit and towel. We went upstairs from the food court where they have different types of pools. They have these "private," little lounge pools which you can lay in. The water was a bit lukewarm though. We went in the turkish whirlpool. There were a lot of families around, so it actually may be a better idea to come here a little bit later since they are open until 11. Also, on the opposite side of the food court they have a ton of different saunas. At this point I can't even remember them all, but it was definitely interesting. They also offer different types of massages, hand, feet, and body treatments. If you do want to take advantage of this, I recommend making an appointment ahead of time and not to be late. My 2 friends had to forego their appointments as a result of being 15 minutes late. Hey, on that point I do agree with them. The food was decent. We got shakes, frozen yogurt and sushi. Everyone thought it was semi-decent and the prices are okay. The showers are also open next t the locker rooms and you just have to deal with the "nudey pool" across from the open showers. Overall, I would come back here and book an appointment for a massage. Everyone seemed satisfied and us girls had a good time.
I always have a nice relaxing time at spa castle. Been going since it was spa world. The different saunas are my favorite.
Great spa options, service and food is good. Will go back. Now depending on the category I would give this place between 3-4 stars. TIPS:::GO EARLY!! AND WEEKDAYS IF POSSIBLE. I am so glad my husband and I went early by time we left in the evening the place was overcrowded and I hate crowds, it started to get noisy and uncomfortable as you have eyes constantly watching you while you are half naked. Even the spas were starting to get dirt floating around in the suds(bubble bath) section. At one point I had a rash on my butt when I got out the water and it took a few hours to go away.... I will go back again this time I will go early during the weekday and only go into the sections with less people marinating in it. The price is moderate but if you want to take advantage of all the spa deals your bill will run up very fast.
If you live nearby or have a car to go here, then I'm sure that works out. But by subway and then shuttle is a little too much effort for what awaits you at the end. First off, there are no signs from the subway to the shuttle pick up point. So my friend and I were basically wandering around Flushing like a pair of idiots until we caught site of the bus and ran like crazy women to get on it. We got the last seats on the bus. If we'd have missed it, I think we'd have been pissed to wait another half an hour or however long it is. Sure, I know it's free, but there's no way your getting customers who rely on public transport without it. Anyway, pretty smooth sailing when we got there. Although it's all very confusing. You can be completely naked in the baths, but you have to wear all of the clothes (the awfully unflattering regulation shorts and t-shirt) in the saunas. Erm? I get it, these areas are co-ed and there's a million, billion kids running around - but this is just one of the reasons why it's all such a contradiction. Seriously, they have great facilities; a huge choice of saunas, the rooftop pool (lovely in the sunshine), etc. But if you have 'spa' in your name that to me indicates relaxation. What you actually end up with is kids running in and out of the saunas (is that even legal?) making a racket, while you sweat to death in your Bermuda shorts and baggy tee. This is more of a municipal recreation center in my eyes. And I'd never go at the weekend because I imagine the kids are even worse then. If they considered an adult only day, I'd bet it'd make the experience so much better. Oh and if they stopped people doing the old 'I'm going to leave my towel on this sun lounger all day, even though I'm not using it for hours' then there'd definitely be more happy campers. You want a relaxing spa day? Pay the extra $$ and go some place where there are no kids and there's a little luxury. Just don't go to Body by Brooklyn - that place gives me the shivers just thinking about it.
Any reason that I can come out to go over here I'd take it. "Never been to spa castle? ohh I'll drive. Your missing out." I couldn't believe the first time how clean it was and this is my 5+ time coming and its still spotless. Although I am not brave enough of a soul to go a la nude. But the features throughout the facility are worth checking out. Its just great "ME" time. I'm a big fan of the nap room...cause big comfy chairs where you are 'allowed' to nap in is always fine by me. The food is ok..but flushing isn't too far away. When the weather is good, even cold, the upstairs pools are worth a look at. Just a little sanctuary for yourself. Away from everyone...might go back again this weekend.
I've been wanting to come here for a long time. Living in Manhattan, I had it made up in my mind that it was just too far. It actually wasn't that bad- took the 6, then got off on the last stop on the 7, walked about 2 min to the parking lot across the Woori Bank, and got picked up by the complimentary shuttle about 30 minutes later. Contrary to what was on the website, the shuttle arrives every hour and 40 minutes after the hour. We got there around 11am on a Saturday and it didn't get crowded until 2pm.  Alright now on to the good stuff: **Bring your own swimsuit and towel like everyone has said. $45 dollars for admission and they give you a watch that allows you to charge food/services on it so you don' t have to carry your wallet. You then walk in and there is a separate locker for your shoes and your clothes. Everyone has to wear a uniform when walking throughout the spa. The locker room was nice and clean, and there's a huge area with showers, hot tubs, a wet/dry sauna, and a steam room. This is the only place where you have to bare it all. I did this after I was done with everything, and its pretty cool. 1st floor: This floor has all the dry saunas. It was pretty cool going into each one which is decorated differently and supposedly has different health benefits(I'm not really sure about that). I personally liked the gold sauna the best until 2 girls walked in and started talking. The floor of each sauna is lined with straw mats and little wooden blocks you can use to rest your head. If you get too hot, there's also a cold room which is about 40 degrees. I only stayed in there for about 4 minutes to cool down from the sauna. Mezzanine: they have lounge chairs here that are really comfy and each one has a tv. I wish I was tired to use this, but I didn't stay here long.  There's a buffet area too thats around 10-12/lb. We didn't taste the food, b/c we just got fruit. They had kiwi, cantaloupe, strawberries, papaya, and grapes. It was soo sweet! really hit the spot and I'm glad I didn't go for the ice cream instead. 2nd floor:  This is where you take the uniform off and put on the swimsuit(you can actually wear your swimsuit under the uniform) Indoor pool area- This is really cool if you wanna stay indoors. Little buttons activate jets and give you a nice massage. Snacks are also available. Outdoor pool area- This is where we spent most of our time. We loved going to different areas of the pool and pushing the button to activate the jets. Every spot had a jet located in a different location. My favorite one was the jets that were coming from the bottom. I was really surprised how strong these jets were. The pools are all heated, so you don' t have to worry about being cold in the water. 3rd floor: After the pool, we got hungry and ate upstairs. There is a fitness area, but we didn't use that. Food is kinda pricey but tastes good. We got the spicy tofu for $10 and it really hit the spot. Overall: WE loved this place. It's a definitely a must go for us once a month from now on. It literally felt like we were on vacation in some tropical area. We thought about getting a massage or a body scrub, but sitting in the pool and getting blasted by the jets seemed good enough for us. The place is very clean. My only complaint would be the travel time, but other than that I will definitely be back.
Been here a few times. Usually come during the weekdays because there is soo much people during the weekends. Great place to spend with the family and friends. Very nice atmosphere and also clean. Once you enter you pay then go to the locker room and they give you a set of shirt and shorts along with a toothbrush. Remember to bring a swimsuit with you though because you will need it since you have to take the shirt and shorts off when you get into the pools. It is great if you go in a group so your group and squeeze into an area then others will feel awkward and leave that area, giving you and you friends more space. It was fun everywhere except the locker room, pretty nasty to see naked people walking all over the place. Gosh, it wouldn't kill them to put a towel on to walk around, I literally saw naked little girls to grandma age walking around, awkward. But if you are not willing to go completely naked in the locker room, the pools and sauna inside the locker room are off limit because you can only use it if you are completely naked, there will be someone there to tell you that you have to take everything off if you want to use the features inside the locker room. They have food there also so it is great because you can stay there all day. The prices of the food isn't that bad since it buys you the convenient of being able to stay there all day. The spa treatment services are overprice since Flushing is right there, you can get way better prices. For a very simply message there, it is double the price of a message in Manhattan. So unless you are willing to pay the overprice services, you won't get the whole SPA feeling out of this place and just get soaking around in the pools and sauna in the various temperature rooms. For the few times that I had been here, it is only because it is very nice in those sauna rooms and can just lay down with some friends to relax.
Before I begin my review, I'd like to be clear about a few things.1) Please also keep in mind that I almost always never take my time to review most things rather than electronics. 2) One star that I have given for this particular establishment only reflect the management and towards majority of Korean employees attitude. 3) I am giving my honest opinion so perhaps they may see their flaws and become one of the better establishments in college point area.  With that said, I am guessing it may also be a factor of some language barrier as well. However, I've gotten a chance to speak with two managers who were also Koreans but one of them speaks fluent English. (See the pic I've uploaded of a manager who I had no clue what he was saying to me.[Manager next to 3 drinks Maximum sign). I'd say that I have been here about 10 times before I've decided to write this review. My most recent experience encouraged me to take time and express my opinion about this place. That way others can learn from it and know exactly what to expect. I met up with a few fathers like myself with their kids to catch up and let the kids play since it is a very family oriented environment. I haven't been to this place for at least 2 months since it was winter and that was my first time going back there this summer. I've noticed that the receptionist girls haven't changed much and as impolite as I have always remembered. That was no surprise to me so I expected that. I paid for the entrance fee of ~$71 for me and my daughter since it was a weekday price. They had some girl that showed my daughter the way since she had to go into women lockers which I thought was very convenient and thoughtful. However, when I got inside and try using my digital wrist band to open my locker, I had an issue with it since it kept beeping even though it opened it for me. Then I couldn't finish putting my things in the locker and it locked it self but failed to open with the wrist band again. So I walked around and found 2 Korean employees sitting around and talking to each other in Korean. I asked them if they could come and help me with my locker and they just kept making pointing gestures which I had no clue what I was suppose to do. I spent close to 15 minutes trying to get somebody that I could understand to get the locker open. Clearly their maintenance of these lockers are poor since there are 20 of them sounding alarms for no apparent reason and the employees were all acting as if it's normal. Certainly that's not how I remembered it with a locker room full of random locker alarms going off. I rushed out to meet up with some friends that were already there. After an hour or so, I decided to buy 3 beers for me and my friends that are over 30 years old which all was fine and dandy. Then when I went back to buy a beer for myself I hit a road block. The bartender told me that there is 3 drinks limit for each account. So apparently I gave up my rights to buy a second beer for myself since I bought 3 beers in total already on my account which is a maximum limit. I asked for management since this is my first ever experiencing an establishment with a liquor license refuse to sell me a beer. If I knew that, I would have never bought my friends anything since all drinks are rationed although they are not cheap. The English speaking manager told me that it is their rules and it is what it is. He told me if I don't like it, I have a choice to leave which I did. Perhaps their main customer base is mostly Koreans and that's how they act. I am an Asian and English is my second language but I know the difference between bad English and rude English. May be it's the Korean culture. Who knows but it's certainly not the proper way to speak or treat a paying customer. I expected some explanation and understanding but all I've got was, "Leave if you don't like it." WTF? quite a bazaar reaction from hostile management that is suppose to be all about customer relations. So I had to take a picture to remember the moment. Nevertheless, kids seem to enjoy it and there are many kids running around, splashing chlorine water on to your drinks and food if you are not careful. I blame the parents and not the kids. I highly recommend this place only if you don't mind the bad service but like a clean environment. Oh and no buying anyone any drinks on your magnetic wrist band that is linked to your account/credit card #. You just have to keep in mind that if you have any trouble or problems, you are going to waste allot of your time trying to find help or solutions. Be also prepare that if they can't answer your questions, they may ask you to leave if you like since they've already made money off your entrance fee. I hope this help describe the place accurately. Have a wonderful & safe summer.
I spent nine hours at Spa Castle. Yes my friends, nine glorious hours. I went on a weekday, so was able to avoid the madness that overwhelms the place on weekends. For $35 I think it's a great deal. Getting there was relatively easy, but it did take awhile from Manhattan. My friend and I were the only ones in the complimentary van from the 7 train, so we knew it would be a quiet day. When you arrive, they will give you a badge to wear around your wrist. This is how you will store your belongings (shoes have their own separate locker...genius) and also pay for everything from food to massages once inside. It frees you up, but that device is a bit dangerous! You also will be given uniforms, which are kind of funny but strip away everyone's identity in a kind of freeing way. As other reviewers have mentioned, they have everything here from bade pools, to jacuzzis, to saunas (six to be exact and an ice room). They even have a swim up bar (3 drink maximum). And of course they offer spa treatments like massages, facials, body scrubs, etc. There are also jacuzzis, saunas, and a wicked steam room in the men's and women's locker rooms. Yes you have to be nude in these areas. I was humbled by the unabashed body acceptance these women possessed. If you are not comfortable with this environment, you can always skip it. Many of the women there were foreign, which did not surprise me. I did a few rounds in the saunas, went to the pools, took a nap, had a foot massage (all their treatments include gratuity which is nice), ate some food, did more sauna rounds, revisited the pools at night.... I was so relaxed by the end of the day. If you come here expecting exceptional customer service and an oasis escape you will be disappointed. The place is too large and the admission is too low for attendants to wait on you hand and foot. This is NOT a Mandarin Oriental experience, it can be very reviving though if you know what to expect. Tips: -Ladies, bring amenities, they do not have much outside of generic body lotion and shampoo/conditioner. -Yes the food is expensive, not unreasonable though. The fruit is pretty fresh and the salads aren't bad. Just steer clear of meat. -The only complimentary towels are tiny. If you need one, bring your own.   -Go on a weekday! -Go with friends. This is a social spa, not a quiet solitary retreat. Of course you can go off on your own, but it's fun to be with a partner or group.   -Make the most out of your money. You get unlimited spa use for the admission price. And FYI... they open at 6am and close at midnight.
Went with my buddy the first time in the morning to enjoy the naked spa /sauna  in the locker room area. There's a mediocre amount of people there until till the afternoon when we went in for the second time with people actually seat there and gawk at you. Some suggestion is to make sure you know where the towels, toothbrush, and mandatory clothes are if you planed to tried those spa before. Had a hard time finding it when naked. There's also a hot floor sleeping area which I enjoyed a nap until someone brought their baby in.  Headphones relived the problem. Price is pricey for the food and other stuff. I don't know why but the gym area: the area with the threadmill, weights, and bikes, requires addition money which I thought they were free --------------------- Hot Spring/Cold Spring: There are various of temperature spring ranging from -13c (I think it was that #) to 150. I was used to the hottest temperature during my visited in Japan with the Onsen so it was not a problem except for my friend. Wet/Dry Sauna: The wet sauna was on maintenance during my visit. Dry was HOT like trap in a cave with a coal fire burning next to you. Really nice after a dip back in the cold spring. Outdoor Spring/Sauna Bring a book/tablet/ and snacks to enjoy your stay on the 1st 2nd 3rd floor floor where the food area is and the rest of the clothed springs. There's many of the different type of Sauna upstairs. Just make sure that you be totally normal and don't make a big commotion when you go into one. .
i first came here and was addicted, came back a bunch of times. each time i came back it seemed to lose its glitz and glamour and i started to become bored. i guess too much of a good thing is bad. best to come when its warmer so you don't feel like an idiot sitting in the cold pool on a cold day. the place is definitely huge like a castle. i wish they offered better food though. the locker rooms are also full of naked people if you're uncomfortable just don't stare. you're going to see all sorts of bodies. definitely a relaxing place to be once in a while.
This is not a spa experience as spas are marketed in America, i.e., relaxing, tranquil, pampering.  Consider it a spa-esque theme park for the whole family or groups of friends.  As such, expect crowds, noise, kids, and perfunctory service. Its located in a residential area, fairly out of the way.  Either street parking or valet for a car, or take the convenient shuttle service from Northern Blvd or Flushing near the 7 train terminus.  You pay the entry fee and get a bracelet that identifies you, opens lockers, and tracks all purchases inside.  Men and women separate into their respective locker areas, first shoes in a small locker, pick up your "uniform" of t-shirt and shorts, then off to your larger locker to change; there are also bathrooms for changing if the locker room atmosphere doesn't suit you.  The lockers are adjacent to the only gender restricted areas, where nudity is permitted, so expect to immediately see nude folks walking about without any self-consciousness.  The nude baths, bathing area, and saunas are here.  Now you're off in your bare feet. Up the stairs is the first unisex floor, with a large cafeteria-style area, a few food places (international buffet, frozen yogurt, Chinese snacks), the spa (treatments are additional charges, and recommend booking ahead of time if going on evenings or weekends), all the saunas, and a sleeping area with heated floors.  The saunas are cute, with different themes, and the temperature posted digitally outside (range ~130 - 190 F).  Liked all of them except the light sauna, which was just gimmicky.  We hopped from one sauna to the next, taking breaks in the "ice" sauna (50 F) in between.  Most are fairly small in size, can get crowded, and most people talked so they're fun but not in a relaxing way.  Between the sauna "buildings" are small tables and reclining chairs. Up another flight of stairs is a mezzanine area where the foot and hand massages are done on one side (for additional charge by appt), and on the other, a small room featuring recliners with individual television sets.  On the 3rd floor are the indoor and outdoor pools.  The pool bar is also here, complete with counter seats and tables, all in water.  The indoor and outdoor pools have a good variety of jets, massagers, and waterfall mechanics.  The outdoor pools are warmed, with the warmest being a smaller one framed in wood that's essentially a jacuzzi.  Nothing like a hot water dip in near freezing temps and snow all about.  Several food stands serving up Asian snacks and ice cream are located here on this level. The top floor is water-free.  There is a "sit-down" eatery, serving Korean basics, food court style.  Besides the tables are also beds and lounge areas by the wall.  On the other side of the floor is a bar/lounge area, and the entrance to the fitness center, which I didn't try.  The food was generously portioned, decent, about what you'd expect from a food court, if a bit on the expensive side. The facilities are clean considering the volume of people using it.  Even the public bathrooms (located on every floor) are pretty spotless, much appreciated when one is going in on bare feet (still trying not to think about that too much).  The furnishings are not posh but adequate for their purposes. All in all, I find Spa Castle very expensive for what you get, and I understand their entry fee jumped over 100% in just a few years.  I think it can be a fun experience as an all-day event for families or groups of friends, or If you can come early on weekdays when most of the world is at work or school.
I have been to Spa Castle three times and I have enjoyed every experience. I make sure to go during the week.  It is cheaper and WAY less crowed.   Basically there are 4 sections. 1) naked part - men and women are separate.  You shower (get off your natural oils and what not) then there are many cold, cool, warm and hot pools to choose from.  Also about 4 different saunas.  Some dry some wet. 2) co-ed uniform area - the most popular part, they give you shorts and a tee shirt to wear.  There are numerous saunas to choose from as well as a sleep area, message chairs (cost extra) and food area (not sure the food prices). 3) message area - never when in there, it costs extra 4) pool area - I only when to this part once, I think you just wear your bathing suit.  There are jets and numerous pools and a few saunas to choose from. Really the only complaint is that it is far from public transit.  They do have a van that will pick you up for free, that comes frequently, but you may wait 10 to 15 mins if you just missed the van before you. I love Spa Castle
Do not go here! This is your warning. Yes, there were multiple sauna's to try but the food is majorly expensive and I have had better in theme parks.  I got extremely expensive dumplings and they were old, as if they had been out a long time. I tried a foot massage, they have a foot massage room, and the guy was HURTING my feet by pushing in all the wrong areas and really hard.  I tried to explain to him he was hurting me and to be more gentle but he didn't seem to have the skills to give a soothing foot rub. I get massages regularly so I know how it is supposed to be.  I stopped the session and at the end of my visit they would not refund me. The manager was rude, called a big security guard and told me that I had better pay or he would call the police on me and not let me leave.  Rude!  What was he afraid I would do, hit him? I'm a girl and not prone to physical violence. Typically you would be offered a refund for below par service.  I suspect that a majority of these workers are not certified to be doing any sort of massage or body rub work on anyone. It was downright painful.   There are pools in the ladies locker rooms where people can swim naked.  I find this to be rather disgusting as some people are not very clean and don't shave either.  Sharing a bath with 40 women is not relaxing. This is a water theme park. Over priced and milking you for every penny. Even regular drinks were expensive. They charge you extra for sandals or you can walk around bare foot on gross floors.  You may not use your own sandals. Rude, rude, rude people!
First time going there. There is valet parking so you don't need to worry about finding a parking spot. When you first go in you pay the entrance fee and they give you a watch with a number on it. That number is the number of the locker that you will be using. You go into the locker room and it's a bit overwhelming because everyone or mostly everyone is just naked. I didn't really like that much. I went to the desk located in the locker room to ask for the spa castle uniform. The employees are very rude. It's like they hate their jobs or something. After changing into the uniform you can go upstairs where they have the saunas available. They are very relaxing. The food court is also on that floor, it wasn't anything special and they're overpriced. The 2nd floor is where I really enjoyed myself. The jacuzzis, hot tubs, and pools were just great ! I would recommend you bring a bathing suit/swimming trunks and a towel if you don't want to pay for their items. That's where I spent most of my time. The third floor is a restaurant and a lounge. I didn't really try those out. After you finish with everything you can go back down to the locker room, change and check out. Overall it was a great experience, I would definitely come back and be more prepared. The only things I didn't like were the employees attitudes, the naked people and the food wasn't the best but the experience is worth it.
I love these kinds of places--hot pools, jacuzzis, saunas, etc.--and Spa Castle delivers all that plus food, a swim-up "bar" (no alcohol), and tons of amenities. I have to agree with some of the other reviewers that it's a bit expensive (but, to be fair, the price is similar to the Russian Baths on the Lower East Side, which aren't nearly as nice), and the place can certainly get crowded and noisy on the weekends. Go on a weekday, if you can, to avoid that (and for a lower admission price). The single-sex "naked floor" is generally quieter and more relaxing with a hot steam sauna to boot. Take the free shuttle from Flushing and plan to spend half a day.
How to review spa castle... In the words of my boyfriend "it's an experience"! The staff is incredibly friendly and the place is impeccably clean. Huge thumbs up for the adults-only sleeping / tv room. A great way to spend a whole day, or 5 solid hours, without feeling peopled out. The jets in the pools destroyed every knot in my back, neck, legs and arms. I highly  recommend spa castle for anyone: girls night, mother daughter, couples, or alone on a sick day from work!  Super manly men and prudly ladies: beware of tackle berries and lady bits in your respective locker rooms :)
Spa Castle is great. At peak times, it can be a bit out of control. For peace and quiet, I've found the best strategy is to either go during the week or early in the morning on weekends and primarily sticking to the bath area in the locker rooms. The upper floors (particularly the outdoor pools) are packed. Get a body scrub and massage combo - it's not zen, but you'll feel scrubbed down like a little baby!
We went there on early Sunday morning after partying all night long since they open at 6 in the morning. The free shuttle bus was very convenient and the bus driver was kind. It was on schedule and they pick you up right across from koryodang bakery about 2 blocks from the Flushing St station. Poultice rooms were ok to me because it seemed a little too small and too hot compared to Spa World in VA. We liked the color therapy room and the ice room. Each floor has food court and we had Korean food on the top floor, which was excellent at reasonable price. Their outdoor swimming pool looked awesome but we didn't go. It can be a little pricey since they charge you $45 on weekends but I think it's still worth it. Sunday morning was a little crowded with bunch of kids but I was still able to relax. Another good thing was they give you a new uniform whenever you need. You don't have to put the dirty one on after sweating out at the heated rooms. I thought the automatic locker thing you have to carry was annoying since it makes noise every time you use it. You'll hear beeping noise pretty much all the time. But that might be because I was trying to take a nap in their huge comfortable sofa. Overall, we all fell in love with this place and will definitely go back.
I can't believe that I didn't write a review for Spa Castle earlier! If you want some peace and quiet and not too many people go on a weekday. Go early and try to avoid the weekends at all costs! Too many families and children. The food is pricey and not that great but you can sneak in snacks. My favorites here are the saunas the the heated tile sleeping area. The massages are great too. I only had the basic shiatsu and those women have some strong hands! I still need to try the body scrubs. My friends that I went with last time were raving about it. I'll be back!
I give this place a 3.5. Yeah it's huge and great, filled with a variety of saunas, hot tubs,  jet propulsion water jets, spa services, and food. But the downfall is the "uniform" they make you wear.  I just couldn't get over it.  The uniforms for women are bright pink and neon orange.  The only place you don't have to wear them is outside in the pool area.  Everywhere else your required to wear them. I tried to avoid the same sex nude hot tubs.  I just couldn't do it, I couldn't get nekked and take a bathe with other women.  I'll do that in the privacy of my own home. Also I went on a Sunday and yes there were mad kids running around and splashing water in the pools.  I'm undecided on whether I would go again.  Maybe it would be better on a weekday as everyone suggests. There's just too much to prepare for.  Such as, bringing towels, getting there early to reserve a lounge chair, avoid naked people in the same sex locker/shower/bathe rooms, hideous uniforms that make you feel like your in jail, and the worse part..no shoes allowed, not even flip flops.  I tried to sneak them in but I got yelled at by my friends, who've been here previously whom got yelled at by the staff. The staff is also unhelpful.  As other people mentioned, the only English speaking people are the ones taking your money at the Reception desk.  Once you enter you have no idea the rules and process of what to do or where to go.  I witnessed women trying to ask the ladies in the locker room for assistance.  You either get a response in Korean or Spanish.   The Korean restaurant on the top floor was really good though.  I got the beef stew soup and it was delicious.  I enjoyed the water jets, they were all different and adjusted to massage different parts of your body and everything was really clean.
My boyfriend was visiting me from Massachusetts and he always talks about getting massages and going to spas and I'm never incredibly interested. Especially since I live in Brighton Beach, just the thought of going all the way to Flushing was just painful. I decided to go because I needed some relaxing and some balance with all of the time I spend working. The ride was actually not that bad at all- the B to the 7 and I love the 7 Diamond, that was really quick and beneficial. Things I liked about Spa Castle: -The shuttle was right there when we arrived and the driver was very nice and efficient. -The electronic watches. -The hygienic grounds. Everything was VERY clean. -The cool compartment for the shoes and clothes. -The naked room! I loved it, it was so liberating. I love swimming and running around naked in water, it feels so free. -The hot and super cold pools in the naked room. I love the one that was about 60 degrees- I was the only one that went in really. -The jade sauna and the ice "sauna". -THE OUTDOOR POOLS (Standing pool was bigger and more fun), I loved being outside it was SOOOO nice. -The food was decent. Things I didn't like about Spa Castle: -The girls at the front desk were rude. -The color therapy spa -I was SUPER SUPER relaxed after spending about 5-6 hours relaxing and one of the people in the shuttle back to the subway slammed some poor elderly womans hand in the door of the van and she was screaming and crying and it screwed up my serenity. I loved Spa Castle!
so what if you have to take 2 trains, two shuttles and brave watching your boyfriend and his two BFFs frantically try on matching speedos at american apparel? IT'S WORTH IT. a castle of spa magicalness: outdoor jet pools flanked by color changing roman columns, hot hot tubs, waterfalls (yes, waterfalls!), sauna huts of various themes and temperatures (including the Gold Sauna)... does life really get this good? and then there's the oompa loompas... but seriously, this 3 story complex of a korean bath house turned magical spa castle is worth a visit. all you need is a bathing suit and $45 bucks on a sunday. plan on spending 3-4 house soaking it all in (yes, terrible pun intended). it is quite literally, the disneyworld of bathhouses.
Sigh.  I just don't know.  Maybe it's because I've always been too frugal to pay for the massages, maybe it's the sight of the naked women in the bathing section that have scarred me for life.  For whatever reason, I just haven't ever completely warmed up to Spa Castle.   The facilities are nice in that the electronic system to lock your lockers, pay for food, etc. is convenient/modern because you don't need to worry about carrying jangling keys with you everywhere you go.  I also like the fact that they have many different sauna rooms for guests to use.  However, for the $45 admission cost on weekends (not to mention the trek to College Point), there is not much to do besides hanging out in the few jacuzzi pools or hopping from sauna room to sauna room.  My girl friends and I definitely could not preoccupy ourselves with the above mentioned activities for more than 3 hours.   The food tends to be pricey too.  Be prepared to shell out $12 for a patbingsoo.  Pretty underwhelming place overall.
Okay, So I totally liked Kingspa in NJ because it's nice and medium size and cozy, but NY INSPA WORLD is so AWESOME!  The Night-time view from the top floor balcony overlooking the heated outdoor pools and seeing the Whitestone Bridge in the Background is a true VISTA!   So many levels, and the different temperature pools have digital degree displays.  I love how the East Coast spas have coed floors so you can meet up with the rest of your party. I am in California now, and It sucks how all the Los Angeles Spas I've been to here are much smaller and there's no coed section where you can relax in a lounge with your entire entourage and get foot massages.  Anyways, this place rocks and the Valet Parking is free.
I like the idea but I do wish people that visited the spa were clean and would have consideration for others. In the women' dressing room and showers women are down right GROSS. The spa itself has a good system and enough options to enjoy your stay. Unfortunately because of kids being allowed in the spa, the atmosphere becomes a bit of a park attraction and takes away from a fully enjoyable time off from the crowds. Around summer it's the most crowded. If the spa can keep up with cleaning up after inconsiderate people then maybe I would rate it higher.
Spa Castle Disaster! I used to love this place and go there all the time with my girls and even guys. Many good relaxing days. Even if it was packed with people it was clean and relaxing. About 2 years ago something has changed and my Korean friends did not want to come with me anymore. Why is that? I have no idea who wrote those positive reviews in 2014 but my last 2 visits were not spa-like at all. The jet pools were not working properly, water not warm enough, restrooms missing toilet paper and smelled like pee. 4 hours before closing the restaurants and bars closed down so good luck if you are hungry, 2 hours before  closing pools were closed so we moved a floor down to saunas. Unfortunately we could not relax there (inside of sauna room) at all because they started playing really loud music every minute different tune, like an alarm clock. Our ears started hurting because it was louder than a club! It was still 1.5 hours before closing. The management would argue with us that we have poor music taste, unbelievable, so rude. I have never been to a spa that actually stressed us out. My friend totally lost it there, because we went to Spa Castle to relax but got something opposite. I loved this place before but they are having some major problems at the moment so if you want to relax just go elsewhere, it is not the same anymore.
SPA PRISON IS MORE LIKE IT. Went there to celebrate a friend's birthday.  There were 7 of us and none of us have ever been there before.  I was expecting a relaxing day with my girls but the moment we walked into the locker room, we were so confused with the whole process they make you go through.  There was no guidance from any of the staff members (there were 2 at the desk).  I had intended on utilizing the fitness center so I was already wearing my gym clothes and sneakers. They made all of us take off our shoes (and my sneakers) gave us a horrible uniform to wear (over my gym clothes) and told us we needed to be bare foot throughout the whole "prison."   There were two treadmills (that did not work), and a multi functional trainer, which was out of order.  You were only left with free weights.  We left the fitness room and decided to head to the pool instead.  The lounge chairs were all taken, the pool was packed, the water was a little too warm.  Oh yeah, it was $1 to rent a towel, plus a $20 deposit if you didn't return it!  We were there for 2 hrs at most and I was dying to leave.  Waited for my 3 friends to finish up their tortuous scrub massage and decided to go shopping instead. And one more important detail, if you are self conscious (which one of my friends were), you'd be quite uncomfortable with all the nakedness in the locker room and spa room.  You had to be  butt naked in order to go into the sauna and hot tubs.  Eww.
go on a weekday in the middle of the day. i can see how this place would get crowded.  i went with friends over spring break, in the middle of the day thursday.  we got there at 10 am and it was not crowded at all.  by 2pm the place was filling up, especially the outdoor pools, and by 4 it was packed.
I love this place! $45 entrance fee for weekends. $130 for body scrub + massage. $13 for lunch. All you need to bring: swim suit + body towel It's so weird being in the naked room. Everyone's so naked and free. I kinda liked it. I don't want to think about the germs. Don't make me... I felt like I lost weight just from sweating it off in the saunas. It gets kinda boring unless you get their services. I really liked my body scrub and massage. Never knew how dirty I was till they scrubbed the tan off me.
I'm writing this review for anyone who hasn't been there yet and does not know what to expect. First off, it is an Asian-theme inspired spa. That means you have to be fully NAKED in a few parts of the castle which includes the locker room, Bathing room and massage and body scrub rooms (this is extra $$ but well worth it). So that being said, you must be comfortable in your own skin. Which you should because you see all shapes and sizes (and I do mean ALL). This is a kid friendly environment so all you ladies that want to strut your bikini-clad bodies all over the pool side area would not be allowed. They have a strict dress code where they supply you with their uniform. It consists of a shorts and a t-shirt. It reminds me of my gym uniform back in Junior High School just a tad bit tackier. You also have the option of wearing a robe instead but a small additional fee will apply. I prefer the robe because I hate the feeling of having to constantly put on wet clothes over my wet bathing suit. But that's just me. Overall the saunas, spa pools, waterfalls, jacuzzi,  are all great. But for an unforgettable experience you must try the Body Scrub with Massage Package. I would give this 5 stars! It is pricey but I guarantee you would not regret spending a single dollar on it. Just keep in mind you have to be fully naked. I loved every minute of it and I told myself I will book this every 3 months for my own personal treat. Ladies, we all deserve this at least once!
i read all of the yelp reviews trying to figure out if this place is mandatory nudity or what. i couldn't really get a clear answer from reading, so to let you know.. it's sort of mandatory nudity on the first floor where there are 2 saunas and a variety of pools. reading other peoples' descriptions make it sound like there is a shower that you must go in naked, but if you skip the first floor all together, you can just put on a bathing suit/the uniform. so if you aren't comfortable with getting naked with strangers, there's plenty of other things to do, and i would still recommend going! on the second floor there are many different saunas. we didn't spend much time in these, but they're fun to check out. i liked the ones that had mats you could lie down in, and the cold one which has ice on the walls & ceiling. but the best floor is the rooftop. i was a bit skeptical about the outdoor pool in the middle of winter, but it actually wasn't too bad. the pools feel like you're in a huge jacuzzi bathtub, and you won't be cold at all (except when you run out!) there is also a sauna outside that we ran into before going inside to warm up and dry off. there are also 2 hot tubs but they're kind of crowded and some other indoor water areas. we spent most of our time in the big pools. there is a reclining area that has jets that feel amazing. i went on a holiday so it was sort of crowded, but honestly less so than i thought. we barely had to wait for anything. the kids got a little annoying with their splashing, but it wasn't bad enough that i wouldn't go back. i think next time i'll try a friday night. okay seriously, where else can you go around nyc that has a huge heated rooftop pool?!
Just went there and they had no hot water, saunas were  not working properly and the restaurant was closed. We asked for a discount because it's obviously a huge inconvenience and robs you of half the experience but they wouldn't give us one. There was no warning on the website this happened (just a piece of paper on the door) and the staff was instructed by management to only admit for full price. That's a scam and they made us drive a whole hour to pay 40$ for ice cold showers. Poor management and horrible costumer service. It's evidently a gamble to come here and expect a minimum of service quality and decency.
My ex girlfriend introduced me to Spa Castle, and I've been a fan ever since.  I think the reviews below mine pretty much sum up the spa experience. The hot bath area is probably one of my favorite parts about the entire spa.  Once you get past the idea of being naked among other people of the same sex, you can really settle into a comfort zone and enjoy the experience. The uniforms they provide you with aren't that bad, but they don't really fit well, and can be quite uncomfortable at times.  Definitely bring your own shorts and t-shirt. Also, bring your own large-sized body towel, because the towels they provide you with are small hand towels. The extra services can be a bit pricey, so I wouldn't indulge too much.  I go to this place fairly often, but I only get the extras every so often.  You can really run up a hell of a tab in there if you're not careful.   But if you go for the extras, definitely get the hour-long Swedish massage.  It's so relaxing (there are other massages to choose from).  Then follow it up with a nice cleansing facial from one of the on-site aestheticians (some are friendlier than others). It's definitely a nice day out.  I'd say go with one or two friends if it's your first time.  But make sure you let them know that you have to be completely naked at some point, because they make everyone shower once you arrive in the spa.
Wonderful place
The Spa Castle was.... AMAZING! Went here for New Year's Day and was 100% impressed by their facility. The discomfort of being nude totally eases off within 5 minutes of showering, chillin' in the saunas(wet/dry) cold baths, chilled baths, event baths, bathroom sections, etc. all located on the 1st floor - which is same sex. Afterwards, we hit the Sauna Valley all up on the floor above it - which featured Saunas of all kinds - Infrared, Mineral, Salt, Gold, etc. And when they say Mineral.. it's LITERALLY room made of salt bricks and lined with minerals, same for Gold, same for Infrared - Everything is super legit. They have fresh pure-air dispensers all throughout the entire castle which makes it real nice to  breathe easy. They are very temperature-conscious - it's never too hot or cold in any general common area. The pools upstairs were pretty cool - they weren't deep enough to be swimming pools. They were more like little trenches and whirlpools of heated, steaming goodness; Which worked out great because it was really cold outside. At night the lighting adds a nice touch. Now, here's where the REAL awesomeness sets in... and that is in "Avenue S", their VIP Private Spa room. These special treatments are NOT included with General Admission, and are actually a bit pricey.... but MAN is it worth it! The experience as soon as you enter your cozy, private little get-away is truly amazing. You're greeted by very knowledgeable and courteous staff who asks you to choose your preferred tea. Then you're escorted into the Private massage room, where your tea of choice and a light chocolate biscuit is waiting for you. They leave you alone with mood-music to delay gratification and increase anticipation... and boy do they deliver! Punctual arrival by the massage ladies, who were kind but also very professional and down-to-business. I got the Bodyglow Aroma Oil (lavender oil rubdown) Massage, and a Honeymilk body wrap... Each session lasted 45 minutes for a total of 90 minutes. 90 minutes. of Pure. Bliss! CONS: The general staff in the common areas kinda suck. They're always texting and talking amongst themselves before attending you. And also, they could have improved on briefing you about how to get started with the watches and lockers to eliminate all the guess work. But these minor cons are heavily out weighted by the Pros! Highly recommended! Get down to the Spa Castle! Bring your girlfriend, friends, family, whatever. Would even make an awesome family (mother's day) or Client gift experience.
Oh, if only I could straddle "Yay! I'm a fan" and "As good as it gets". Alas, I cannot, but know, Fellow Yelpers and Spa Castle, that I want to. The ONLY (this is a very genuine only) thing that makes me withhold a star, besides perhaps the unflattering and mandatory uniforms, is the fact that there are kids allowed...and they are annoying. Try to stay away on the weekends, because 4-yr-olds with 4-year-old bladder tendencies are running the place. Really, kids under 16 should not be allowed there at all because it's a SPA, and kids don't spa. They scream and pee in pools. But if you are lucky enough to go when its a bit less crowded, you are in for a wonderfully relaxing and invigorating experience. Even if you are the most uptight American you know, don't forgo the naked room as much as you want to because you will regret it. It's the BEST part. The sauna floor (that's right, not just a sauna, a WHOLE floor of them) is amazing, too, as well as the roof pools and hot tubs...but the naked room takes the bing su (that would be the uh-mazing Korean dessert that they serve). Really, Spa Castle is a must-go, especially if you're a tried and true wound up New Yorker who needs a break...just avoid the ankle biters.
Nice saunas, pretty good food but expensive. There were so many people that I didnt get a chance to really take advantage of the quiet rooms. They keep it relatively clean but I got sick when I got back.
Went to this place, is nice, very impressive how big it is, and all the high pressure jets is out of the world For the people that don't have a car, they have a van pick up and drop off in Flushing, which is very convenience Anything you can think of for relaxing, this place got it, small gym, jacuzzi, hot and cold, massage, facial, dry sauna, steam sauna, indoor and outdoor pools, lazy chairs, a very interesting floor that is heated (warm) and cold, food court, bar area This is definitely the place to go to relax and recharge your body energy However, they need to make this place for an adults only spa, they're so many stupid kids running around, screaming and crying, and I even saw a kid poop in the pool, and the stupid parents thinks that's funny. Spa is for the adults to relax after a long day or long week at work Spa is a place where adults can stay away from all their problems for a few hours and just to relax, including parents that needed to stay away from their kids And also, they makes people get completely naked in the locker room. WHY? I'm not sure about the Korean culture, but for us American's, I don't want to see another dude penis waving at me, seriously. lol Another thing is they're smart business people Once you pay the entrance fees, they giving you a watch to wear, and if you gonna eat something at the food court, getting a massage, they scan your watch and bill you later, and if you not careful, you will be getting a big fat bill when you check out Overall, only deserved 3 stars from me due to the stupid kids and nudity with other dudes
Love this place- awesome relaxation time all the year long!! It doesn't matter if you come here in summer or winter- outdoor pools are so warm and nice!!! Trying to come here on weekends with my girlfriends for the whole day- as there are lots of saunas, relaxation spots, massage rooms, bars, even gym upstairs if u want to combine your rest with useful things ))) I even like that funny looking T-shirts and shorts... If u want to be in harmony with your body and soul- u should definitely come here!
Not to sound all metro or anything, but this place is like Disneyland for adults sans the hot bodies (says my friend Lucy)
Spa castle tests the limits of the social norms and while I might not get it. They certainly know what they are doing. When you walk in you may feel like you are walking into an amusement park because of the line lay out and register. For 35 dollars you can get a day pass that let's you hang out in the pools the saunas and the dressing rooms plus explore food and beverage options. The beginning of this trip maybe a little much for the common man or women because this is a traditional spa atmosphere meaning when you get your locker you are in a very birthday suit acceptable area that I may add is not co-Ed for whoever is wondering. At this point you grab a uniform or pay for a robe and make a choice stay a la nude and jump in the Korean baths which are located in the same room area. Or as I did avert your eyes and go running up the stairs to meet the rest of your party. When you are able to refocus your eyes upstairs you will see incredible architecture sprawled out across 3 floors of relaxing goodness. They have a multitude of saunas that differ in heat and style of rooms. Mood relaxation, stone and one of my favorites an ice room to just cool off. They have outside pools and steams plus a few indoor massage pools. A bar and restaurant occupy the top floor and the Korean cuisine was fantastic. We also had a few drinks but unfortunately they cut you off at 3 which was a bit of a turn off but just drink fast get a buzz and keep on moving. We finished the trip with open air massages which were 75 dollars each and the women knew what they were doing. I think my knots raised a white flag when they were done. This place is great if you have an open mind and a full day to experience it all
I loveeeeee it here!!!!'
This place is awesome!   For those that complain about nudity, uniforms and rules,  you need to learn to relax and stop being so uptight and prudish.  If you are not comfortable in your own skin and have body image problems,  it's not the establishments fault and you should go somewhere else. People go there to relax and don't really care what anyone looks like. It took me like a minute to get used to it myself.  I did enjoy the bonding liberating experience with guy friends. There are mainly Koreans that frequent the place,  and I did not see nasty trolls checking anyone out. You come in,  leave your shoes, and clothes in lockers.  Strip down, and walk into the mens only or womens only bath area.  There you shower and there are a variety of whirpools, sauna, steam room and cold pools.  You can get a scrub and/or massage in the confines of the same sex area.  I recommend the scrub/ massage combo special for i think $95.00.   I can't pronounce the guy's name but i got the best scrub/ massage ever.  Keep in mind,  you are nude in an open area and they are very thorough. Thus if you have issues,  you may be better off getting a clothed massage upstairs.  On the upper co-ed  floors you have more whirlpools and a variety of sauna rooms.  I found it to be a bit crowded and not as relaxing as downstairs.  However if yiu are hungry, they do offer food upstairs.   They have a food bar but everything I ate was lifeless and gross and so overpriced.  They do offer sushi which tastes better and is a better deal.   Overall this place is impeccably clean and I feel fortunate to have discovered it.  I left feeling 5 years younger.  I highly recommend to go for a few hours.
The facility was nice and considered clean. BUT DON'T EXPECT ANY HELP FROM THE WORKERs THERE! Most of the Korean workers don't comprehend English, and you won't  be able to communicate with them. When you finally find someone who can speak English, they will tell you that they can't leave their working spot, so you need to go and ask another person for help. I was in the outside pool to enjoy some hydro-massage (even though I don't know how to swim). Unfortunately, I lost my balance when the water suddenly rushed through while I walking. So my glasses fell, and god knows where it went. When I asked the staff for help and explained that I can't swim, he kept on telling me there's nothing he can do about it. Just kept on repeating the water isn't that deep (4ft)...you can dive in and look for the glasses yourself. WHAT A GREAT SERVICE AND ADVICE THE STAFF OFFERS! Thank god I didn't drown or anything. Otherwise, I will dead in the pool and no one would have cared.
Once upon a time this was a secret hideout of mine...NOW EVERYONE KNOWS!!! A little slice of heaven in Queens.   Pros: relaxing - clean - sushi was good - services are on point - inexpensive - POOL that has jets to hit every area on your body - several different saunas - DRINKS! (although you are only allowed three per band). Cons: Allow children - weekends are too packed (hint...never go on any of the holidays like mothers day) - customer service is just okay (but I never really have problems so this is just a note). ALL IN ALL.....A GREAT PLACE TO ENJOY THE DAY.
Spa Castle is okay, but after a couple of visits to Sandoony in Brooklyn, it just doesn't compare. Sure, it has all those floors and services, and maybe the body scrubs and foot rubs are really awesome. But personally I prefer to sit around with my friends and drink giant beers and pop into the sauna or steam room or hot tub when i want to, with a bathing suit on, and return to my beer when I feel like it. The lack of cold pools near the saunas at Spa Castle is a bummer. Everything is just too spread out. Plus you can pour a bucket of water over yourself in the wet saunas at Sandoony -- the saunas at Spa Castle, though they are many, are pretty gimmicky. However, the roof pools and their superstrong water-massage showers rock, especially in sub-freezing temperatures. And there is ice cream available. Still, for my money ($30 at Sandoony, $45 at Spa Castle), Sandoony is simply more fun.
I've been here twice and everything that's been mentioned about this place is true. It's a bit expensive, certain days and times of the day, the place is overrun with kids and the employee's basically are constantly on top of you, enforcing stupid rules. But, for one day of just straight relaxation, this place hits the spot. I never got the body scrub, but even just using the saunas and water pool, I come out of there feeling like a million bucks. The sushi I had there was pretty good as well, nothing mind blowing, but palatable. I just don't like being ordered around the place. I'd only recommend this place for a once in the blue type thing. I remember looking at the membership rates and they are astronomical!
NEVER COMING BACK AGAIN. You couldn't pay me to come back. Literally one of the worst spas I've ever been to. Reception was nice. Lady in the women's locker room literally threw a uniform at me and was generally unhelpful. Her demeanor was condescending and rude. The saunas themselves were not kept at constant temperatures - which defeats the purpose. We came here to work up a sweat - not a fine mist. We were later informed by the manager 40 minutes BEFORE closing that the building is closed and showers would stop in 10 minutes. I rushed down to the showers, and the lights were turned off. When I politely asked the same lady from the locker room to turn on the light, she rolled her eyes and huffed. While I was showering, she rushed me twice to get out of the shower, watched and waited for me to finish. When I proceeded to complain to the manager, Martin, he was inattentive, apathetic, and only replied with generic and bland responses. He was rude to his employees, and overall, it made me uncomfortable. You've been warned. Do not come here. Take your money to King Spa. Any place would be better.
OK, I enjoyed myself. And given that I pulled my shoulder one more time, the whirlpools were awesome! But I really have to make peace with a few things. Yeah, the total nudity to take a shower, hmmm intwesting, at least at the gym they have separators! :P If you are a germophobe, you should not even be reading this, cause yeah, everyone has to walk around barefoot and wear the uniforms! Funny! I can't imagine what this is like on weekends. It was already a bit crowded and loud on a weekday. So if you really intend to relax I'm guessing you have a better chance if you go midweek before lunchtime. Or go into one of the really hot saunas that no one else dares go into and you'll find peace ;) Yeah, food's a li'l overpriced but it's not bad, and hey, you're already in there so you're trapped! :P I liked it, I'm just still a bit confused by the whole experience. I'd give it 3.5 stars but this time I rounded down. ;)
When it comes to the massage alone, I'd give this place 5 stars.  But, lately, I think management has gotten a little too smug about their success and customer service in all the other areas sucks big time.   First, I walk in the locker room, go to the counter to get my uniform.  The girl is slaving away working on cutting the toothbrush packets just looking at me.  After a minute, I tell her I need a uniform.  She tells me she laid it out on the counter for me and I can just pick it up.  Would it have hurt for her to tell me this instead of just staring at me while I wait for her to get behind the counter?  It must have because she just let me wait there like an idiot and would have waited even more had I not said anything. Second, I went upstairs to book a massage and was told it was booked.  Supposedly, they made up this new system where people can call and book in advance.  The thing about this is...some people say they'll come but don't.  Fortunately, I got an 11:00 AM appointment due to a cancellation.  Otherwise, the next appointment was for 9:30 PM at night.  They should just book it the way it was done before (come in and say you want a massage and they pencil you in).  At least they'll have a better chance of knowing that people will keep their appointment. Third, there are towels in the bathing area but once it runs out, you have to walk naked and wet all the way to the front to ask for a towel.  When I mentioned that I'm wet and whether they'd like me to make a path of wet puddle all the way towards the front, a girl attendant kept repeating that I had to get a towel in front.  Hey dummy!  You're just waiting for a lawsuit, aren't you?  People happen to walk around in their bare feet.  If they slip on that puddle, you're screwed.  Not to mention, it's freaking cold once you exit the bathing room.   Fourth, the foods still sucks.  It hasn't gotten any better.   This leads to my epiphany.  Better food and better service is had at King Sauna, so I've heard.  So it's looking pretty good that I'll trek over to New Jersey to check out their spa.
Stay Away - this place is a nightmare! - The "free shuttle" drivers are rude and have no regard at all for paying customers (each driver drops/picks up up at a different place - come on, get it together!) - The front desk staff and security is cold, rude, abrupt - and so unfriendly - The staff inside the locker rooms are arrogant, sassy and just plain mean - Other staff members just sit in the locker-room and stare at the patrons, or doze off to sleep (what is with that?) - Certain areas of the spa are so dirty and disgusting, food is so overpriced, the food service crew acts so bored when they are serving you (you feel like you are doing them a favor!) - Oh and someone tried to JO with me in the sauna- ! - Not sure how this place stays open! **Please do not patronize this business, it's gone so down-hill, it's so sad!
I have to begin by saying I really like this place. I went for the first time last month and had a pleasant experience. I went on a Sunday afternoon and it was quite busy and crowded but not too crowded. I was expecting that. I won't get into the details of how the place is set up...you can read that in other reviews. I don't know why people complain about all the kids there...you know that before you get there! And as far as it not being a "real" spa please go to Bliss Spa and spend hundreds of dollars!! I think the entrance fee is not bad and I only paid $50.00 for a full body scrub...she even washed my hair!! I immediately got over being nude in the women only area. It was actually freeing and relaxing!! I enjoyed all the warm/hot water baths. I spent most of my time there. The cold and freezing baths were too cold for me. The saunas were too hot for me as well. I did enjoy the cold sauna! I did not get a chance to enjoy the outdoor pool area as it was packed and the people were rowdy. I am looking forward to going back. By the way if you don't catch the shuttle or drive you can jump on the Q25 by the last stop on the F train and it will drop you off a few blocks away from Spa Castle. Again I like this place and will return and hopefully get a chance to enjoy the out door pool area before it gets cold. One more thing the locker room area is nice and there is plenty of body wash, shampoo, conditioner, hair dryers and towels...of course you can bring your own.
I recently went to Spa Castle for my birthday.. It was a lot of fun and very relaxing. When you first enter it's almost like an amusement park. The guys are sent in one direction and the ladies in another. If you are scared of nudity, get over it!!! YOU MUST SHOWER BEFORE ANYTHING!!! I appreciate that rule. The locker rooms have baths, showers, saunas, and relaxation areas that are gender friendly. When you go upstairs, coed.. There are many different sauna rooms and eating areas on this floor. I say go for the hotter rooms first and the others will be much more bearable. My favorite rooms were the gold and ice land. The jacuzzis are amazing. We tried the jacuzzis on the roof which were fun even though it was raining. Overall we had a great time. This is a great place to visit if you just want to chill out and relax. I didn't try any of the massage services this time around, but will definitely add that to my plans for the next visit.
Short Story: Parking is hard to find. You basically have to figure stuff out on your own if you've never been. Don't be weirded out by the chick blow-drying her hair right next to you in her birthday suit while you're trying to fix yours. Time flies by quickly in there. You don't need an actual person to touch you to get a massage. Long Story: Overall it was a good experience given that it was a holiday weekend. The valet was full when we got there. After finding a parking spot 1 really long block away, the valet wasn't full anymore! I wish the person at the front desk would've told us something besides, "These are your keys, and you use them to pay for things" (which by the way is pretty sweet, I don't have to worry about carrying my wallet while I try to unwind) As soon as you walk into the locker room its straight ass and titties, young and old everywhere. You would think that 2 people who walk in together and are having a conversation would get lockers next to each other or relatively near each other right? I mean that would make sense. Although it wasn't rocket science to put your stuff in the locker on the wristband that you were given, some people didn't get the memo. Can't blame them though, no one told them! My friend and I ended up sharing a shoe locker. If you are a plus sized person, ask for the biggest size uniform! Though there was rules posted everywhere, no one really followed them and the staff didn't really seem to care. Why: Kids splashing in the swim up bar area? Cups along the edge of the outside bade pools? Couple humping in the pool? As with life, try not to sit near loud obnoxious people. You know, it kills the whole trying to relax thing. I went in there expecting to have to give my first-born child as a form of payment but I got all of what I needed from the saunas and pools. The jets are powerful enough for a full body massage. All I paid for was the entrance fee, food (which was alright. I've had better and I've had worse), and drinks. Oh yeah I ended up buying a brush because my hair got wet & I had to dry it. $3 for a big paddle brush, not bad at all. I will be back before the year is up. Who knows, maybe I'll get a massage from a real person this time!
This place is pretty awesome. I can see why people probably hate coming here on weekends because for a Monday it was pretty full but it was comfortable. We got there at about 10 and it was empty by noon it started filling up. Other reviews made it seem like the food was outrageously priced but it was pretty regular. Just avoid the food bar. $12/lb and the plate alone weighs at least a pound or two. Other than that burgers/sushi/pasta about $10-12 a meal. I love the scan system they have in place so you don't need to carry around anything and you pay at check out. The pools were nice and warm, the saunas were comfy and different levels of heat and the massage was AMAZING! Well worth the money for the shiatsu massage. They have a nap room! Prob the best thing ever after the lunch I had lol. A great great great day! I'm dying to go back already. Oh! And their drinks were pretty good. $14 frozen drinks and cocktails, $7 beers but the drinks are nice and strong so it makes its worth the money. I had the rum punch and I loved it.
If I could give no stars I would! I rarely give negative reviews but I just experienced the worst customer service from spa castle. My husband and I have been coming here since they opened and have always loved it so my sister-in-law decided to buy us two weekend gift passes. After being very busy over the last few months we finally had time to come to spa castle to try to enjoy them only to find out that these passes expire after 6 months. Ours had expired in March but we never looked in depth at the passes to see an expiration date - usually gifts don't expire so it never occurred to us to look. It's been a little less than two months since they "expired" and the people at the counter would not honor them. They told us the person who purchases them is told of this policy; however, our gifter was not informed at all so could not relay this message to us. The unaccomodating ladies at the counter would not budge and give us even a credit to apply to today's visit. The manager said their was nothing he could do - give me a break...You can always do something for a customer! People be warned - NEVER purchase a gift for anyone from here!! Might sound like a nice idea but if the recipient can't come during their very short and ridiculous 6-month window both you and your gifter will be left with nothing! After today's experience I would rather not come here ever again for the way we were treated. Heed my advice and patronize another spa!
Spa Castle is supposed to be paradise, but is more like six flags meets a pseudo-European bathhouse. Why six flags? When I went last Sunday and attempted to enjoy the outside pools, they were swarming.... with screaming children!!  Definitely the opposite of relaxation...I was shocked that this place allows kids. Why pseudo-European bathhouse? On the plus side, the saunas and steam rooms do the trick--as in they are great for stimulating and relaxing your body, but it can get a bit crowded in some of the rooms and a lot of people treat it like social hour, yapping away loudly, also preventing much relaxation from really happening. The highlight? The "women only" section where you strip off your duds and actually relax without any screaming kids or dudes around--just your birthday suit and some baths. The food is OK, a bit on the pricey side, but fresh. And I do have some concerns about hygiene as I noticed skin flakes floating around in several of the pools when the jets weren't raging. Ew.  But overall good times.
It's a great facility, but avoid this place on weekends and holidays.  A lot of kids running around, and very noisy.  Also expect to pay a lot for food.
(3.5 stars) I recently traveled to Korea and my all-time favorite past-time during the trip was relaxing in the jimjilbang (spa/saunas). What a brilliant invention!! The difference is that the jimjilbang in Korea are really cheap, so it's not seen as a luxury -- people go to the jimjilbang to just hang out and socialize, and it's nice because *everyone* goes, young and old, guys as much as girls. Spa Castle is a bit expensive, $45 on weekends and $35 on weekdays, but still not bad when you consider you can stay all day. I went on a weekday morning and by noon the place was packed! I don't know if maybe this was because of the cold weather (when it's that chilly, really what else is there to do but sit in a sauna?). But it took away from the experience a bit. There were times when you would try to go into one of the saunas and there'd be literally no where to step, nevermind sit or lie down. I did like the variety of different saunas (different temperatures; gold; jade; salt) and also some of the saunas were playing soothing music by Debussy and such. The female-only section with the public baths was really relaxing. It was sort of amusing to compare this experience to going to jimjilbang in Korea or onsen in Japan... In those places, nobody cares about being naked and as a result, I felt a lot less self-conscious. But at Spa Castle, there were people trying to strategically cover themselves with the tiny hand towels or go in with swimsuits. While taking a shower before entering the baths, I heard some girls chatting -- "do I have to take like, a *full* shower?" "Nah, I'm not going to." Umm... YES, you are meant to take a FULL shower before getting in!! In Japan, you'd see women scrubbing every crevasse of their body for a good 15 minutes before stepping into the public bath, and people would give you the stink eye if you didn't do the same. I skipped the outdoor pools on the top floor. When I went, the area was full of screaming kids -- not my idea of a calming day. As already mentioned, the food is overpriced and mediocre (at least the salad bar I tried). For anyone who has been to places like this in Korea, you may be a bit disappointed. But Spa Castle is still a fun place to visit, definitely worth the trek to Flushing and way cheaper than a flight to Seoul!
Visited NY in July and spent an ENTIRE day, morning til night, here with my bf and his sis. We waded in the pool, enjoyed all the different water jet massagers~ I loooooooove those! until our fingers were totally pruney. My favorite is the waterfall massager hidden along side one of the walls on the roof. You press the button and then prepare for the surprisingly strong gush of water that accelerates out of the pipe. The rooms are okay. I think this place definitely puts the focus on the water aspect rather than the hot rooms.  King Spa probably puts an emphasis on hot rooms more. Anyways, love it and although it's pricey, I will visit whenever I'm in Queens.
Over all, for the price to spend all day here is fine.. I have to say, I was here the first year it opened and since then they have changed names a few times.. some say because they got closed down for sanitary reasons.. I never confirmed it. But back to my story... first: the LED room sauna where you select a color to alter ur state of mind?... don't bother, 4 of the six booths don't have properly working lights. Second: the tv's in the relaxed section or the sleeping section?... let's just say u might want to tivo ur favorite show at home first. Third: the food in the spa garden?.. well technically its called food, but its like they forgot to season it or something... it was so bland!!! So to recap, for $35 to use the facilities all day isn't so bad. It's still a great place to go and get away for a few hours
While I still like the facilities, food, and service- the atmosphere is suffering big time. It used to be a bit more high end clientele is suffering (it is very rough now- lots of fight break out people cursing really loud).  I like to go to the spa to relax and the atmosphere is far from it now. My friend caught a very bad infection on his foot from the tubs (his dr. said this is an infection commonly caught in spas). He's been out of work for the past week because he cannot walk and is on lots of meds- almost had to be admitted to hospital because of it. Unfortunately I do not want to go back there anymore. It used to be a great safe place- I hope they can turn around.
I want to live here!  But I'll take that I live 10 minutes works just as well.  We didn't know what to expect at all, aside from the pictures I had seen on the website.   Dislike:  The orange uniform that was a size too big brought back some childhood memories I fortunately regret.  But was slightly amused that his was a size too small and he had the most uncomfortable look on his face for the first  minutes.  The uniforms are strictly for the saunas.  I wore my swimsuit underneath since I knew we were hitting the rooftop pools and jacuzzis.  Tip: Be like me, bring your own robe for the roof, or bring your own towel.  The rentable towels don't really cut it. For $35/pp for the day (and they're open from 6A-12M), he treated, as the gentleman he always is does.  The women's locker room is a sort of heaven and should really have a weight limit and hair limitations on whom should be naked.  The shower room is complete with, private showers included, bathing areas and different temperatures of wading pools. We reconvened on the sauna / lounge floor, upstairs from the locker rooms and decided on the very hot sauna.  The mats have this comforting smell, and even though you'd want to rip your uniform off, you can't.  After about 20 or so minutes of that we moved to Ice Land that I remember being 32F and said it was doubtful I'd last more than a minute in there.  Surprisingly, we stayed for about 10 and came out quite refreshed. Finally to the roof!!  First we jumped in the jacuzzi since it had the hottest water at about 140F.  The color scheme was a nice bonus.  It was heavenly allowing the jets to push my legs up (I had to hold on for dear life with my arms so I didn't go flopping around like a caught fish).  After enough time in there that we got bored, we moved onto the 95F pool ... good times!  There's individual seating where you pop the button next to you and *bam* the jets beat the shit out of your back or wherever you position them to.  Some didn't quite go so well for me because of the short torso and having a bottom that wanted to go with the flow of the jets.  They also have jets aimed at the back of your head which I didn't try but unfortunately when he popped the button to turn it on, it knocked both of us on our asses.  Luckily I didn't get hit in the face with it. Hungry?  Not a problem.  They have dumplings, buffet, sushi, burgers, hot dogs, a full bar, Starbucks, frozen yogurt, Edy's Ice Cream ... One could live here.  After sharing dumplings, naturally I was made out to be the glutton with my cheeseburger & fries while he had miso soup and rice with soy sauce.  But the chat on learning to live and reminiscing good times was priceless.  (You swipe your locker room & sneaker cubby watch key to pay for amenities like food and additional services.) Back to the sauna of my choice, which was the Salt Sauna.  And would you believe this crazy bitch brought a cell phone with the ringer on into the Salt Sauna?  Devastated.  The entire room looking around at one another, oddly my jaw was the only one dropped.  (lol)  Once she got off the phone, it sounded like she was playing a game.   Un-fuckin-real. Almost 4 hours later, I agreed to meet back at reception in 20 minutes, which meant I had to hustle.  (Since he was under a time restraint, I offered to stay behind and cab it home at my leisure...I had rarely seen that look on his face before but knew what it meant.)  It took 23 minutes, but I was showered, got a blow-dry, make-up done and dressed ... to come out and he's not out yet.  He remembered I'd need to do something about my hair and noticed new razors available and decided to have himself a shave (like some of the women need or at least a trim).   See you there in a few days...
My friends and I went last week and we were very disappointed. It is a pretty place but not relaxing at all because there were kids all over the place! Without exaggeration, even in the saunas, there were kids running around, splashing water everywhere and this made it not a relaxing trip. I would not go back. I complained to the management and they offered me a free pass to return-- however I would never go back
I would have given this place a 5 if it wasnt that they allow kids in. I think a spa is a relaxing place where I don't want to deal with kids yelling and running around. That said let me tell you why I love this place. Its very affordable $35 on weekdays and $45 on weekends. This allows you full access to pools, saunas, gym and sleeping room. Everytime I come here I spend about 8 hours, time just seems to fly when you are relaxing. They do sell food, liquor and extra spa services like massages, scrubs and facials.
I would consider moving to Queens just so I can go to Spa Castle every day lol. I don't live in NYC anymore but still visit. It's great to stop in after a long flight from the westcoast and even right before departing. Nothing beats a massage and detox before/after traveling. LaGuardia Airport is less than 15 minutes away and Spa Castle recommends a cab service that'll be at their door in 5 minutes.
My old roommate was visiting and wanted to hit the Russian bathhouse in the East Village and...sorry, that creeped me out. A neighbor who had been to the Russian joint validated my concerns and suggested we instead try out Spa Castle. I was totally turned off by the time it would take to get there- 1.5 hours by HopStop's estimation - but luckily I just joined zip car! It only took twenty minutes to drive. Yes, there is a nude area, but it's in the locker room. I don't know about the other people on here, but having gone to sports clubs before I know to expect nudity in a locker room. I was grossed out at the idea of a nude bathing area, but it was completely avoidable and unobtrusive. We began on the second floor where all the little spa huts are. We hit up a variety of saunas- the gold room, the sand room, the ice room, the light therapy rooms. It was awesome, even though I couldn't stay in one spot for more than five minutes without getting overheated and sleepy. There is a sleeping area if you want to crash out for a bit, but I didn't want to waste any time. After about half an hour of sampling the saunas we went upstairs to try out the pools, which were what really attracted me in the first place. Lucky for us we went on a Monday morning on a random warm April day and it was perfect. The pools were great, not crowded at all, and very relaxing. However, I can't imagine what this place is like in summer and with kids! It seems weird to me they would even allow kids, but thankfully there were very few to be seen the day I was there. The pools are wonderful, but really not as huge as I was expecting (I guess Astoria pool has spoiled me) and I imagine they get overcrowded right quick on a busy day. I was overall impressed with the cleanliness of the place, and I thought the admission price was pretty fair. I did not care for the food prices, however, which was frustrating as the food did look pretty good. But $14 for a pound of serve-yourself? $10 for frozen yogurt? No, thanks. For $3 you can get 10 minutes in a massage chair, which isn't bad, and they have all sorts of private massage services that I can't afford on top of admission. But again, the price of admission is good for what it includes, so you can easily enjoy a chunk of time here without breaking the bank.
Spa Castle is fun and relaxing. It's like entering another world where the rules are strict but not very well defined. Here are the things I wished I knew.   1. You don't need to buy any services in advance. (If you want a body scrub, that might be worth booking but there's plenty to do for a whole day at spa castle without booking a single service.) 1a. If you do book a service, once you enter, go talk to the person at the counter in the locker room and confirm your service. You might still get in trouble for not confirming your service. Don't take any of this too seriously. 2. Bring a bathing suit if you want to swim outside. You probably won't use it anywhere else. 3. Weekdays are great days to go if you can. It's way less crowded. 4. Customer service isn't really what you're going for. You're going to have your own day by yourself or with your friends. You'll occasionally interact with the staff. They might be nice. They might not be. That's just kind of not the point. 5. Bring a water bottle. You're going to need to be hydrated. 6. Throughout the day, you pay for any additional services or food etc. with a wristband. You leave everything you own in your locker. 7. All the saunas and pools are included in the price of admission. 8. You can get a mask for $2 at the locker room desk.
Started coming to the castle about 4 or 5 years ago when it was still called In Spa World.  The place was still relatively unknown and FANTASTIC!  It was super clean, quiet and rarely crowded.  Sadly, their awesomeness also led to their inevitable downfall.  As word got out, the place got more and more crowded.  Eventually, the crowd started to shift and the riff raff started showing up.  Now, the place is always dirty, crowded, and the new clientele could care less that this is supposed to be a "spa".  Shenanigans ensue.  Debris littered about, loud obnoxious people and most recently, the restaurants showed cleanliness ratings of A, B and C for the first, second and third floors respectively.  The last straw?  A floating panty liner in the roof top pool.  Yes, you read that right.  RIP Spa Castle....it was great for a while.  You will be missed.
Love the hot and chilly pools and fun for z too.
I taught English in Korea where these types of spas dot the landscape. Pretty much wherever you go you'll find one, and they're typically cheap, 5-6 us dollars. Here you'll pay considerably more, however in my many visits while teaching there I never came across one as nice. If you like saunas and water jets look no further. I've always liked the saunas the best, in Korea they will typically have two types, salt and super hot. Here they have a jade one as well as a gold plated one. I went a while ago so not sure if all the gold is still there. One of the plates had been taken if I remember correctly. Added bonus, after the saunas, hit up the ice room.
This place disgusted me. At first I had a reasonably good time.. the atmosphere was ok and the hot tubs were nice especially admist the freezing winter weather. However, while sitting at the bar we encountered a cock roach at our feet.  The bar tender had to chase it around to kill it, and upon telling the manager we received no apology or anything!! The customer service was horrendous! The manager refused to give me any sort of customer service contact, and then kicked both me and my friend out claiming we were "drunk"... with a 3 drink minimum? Yeah right. I do not recommend going to this bug infested roach nest!!!
For what it is its great!  Yes most reviews (positive ones) about here are all true.  You do have to wear an outfit they give you but its not horrible.  Its a shorts and T shirt set very comfy and clean.  There are kids yes but they didn't arrive until around 2pm in the afternoon.  I went with a friend and we had a blast.  It was quiet, not crowded.  A Thursday at 10AM.  If you arrive early you can get chairs and hang out in the sun and dip in the pool.  The facilities were super clean.  They have Starbucks coffee and smoothies.  The food looked nice on buffet.  I ordered a turkey club and it was nice.  It is what it is...Dont come here and expect some luxury spa.  There are people and families and distractions but its nice.  I would recommend for a day with a  friend.
Why one star?   Well, because they were CLOSED on the ONE day that my friend and I decided to traipse all the damn way out to the ass end of Queens on the subway.  I had checked the website earlier that day and there was no mention of it.  Yes, I suppose I should have called first, but I don't generally call to see if a place is open when it's advertised that they are open every damn day of the year!  Except one?! A random Wednesday?! We get all the way out there and of course although they made it seem simple to catch their "free shuttle," we had no idea where the hell it was in relation to the subway, so I called. And then I was told they close ONE day per year for maintenance, and we picked just that day to go. Oh, the sad.  My friend was in NY for just the week and we had been planning this for some time.  Not sure if I will ever been inspired to return.
Went with a few friends and must say I was very impressed. The staff were pleasant enough, though all the women looked angry, and the prices were really okay. If you go in a group, get the shaved ice. It's great for 3 people to share. Try to go early or late enough to avoid the kids and teens. Some can get to be a bit much especially when they're running around naked. I didn't get any massages this time but I'll go for it next time. I'll definitely be back.
Like a water park without the rides. Relaxing, provided you find fat kids swimming under your legs relaxing. Smells a lot like a food court for a spa. Aggressive water jets. Reasonably priced beer. Go to Flushing for Chinese afterward.
Spa Castle's nude jacuzzi's, sauna rooms, restaurant area, bar/lounge and pools provide the perfect local getaway to relax. I enjoyed my time there but I went on a Sunday when school was out for kids. I suggest you don't make the mistake I made and go when school is out. Please go to spa castle when there isn't many people. Other than that it was fun. The food was good, especially the sushi I had. The facility is clean and comfortable. Please visit simplypamarie.com/2013/0… for further details and pictures.
Totally enjoyed ourselves! It was our first visit and I'd gotten mixed reviews but still decided to try it out. Because we got a late start we had to find street parking because the valet parking area was full. Prices we as expected, everyone was really nice and it wasn't as crowded as I bought it would be. As a new parent we decided to bring our baby and weren't sure if we could bring a flotation ring but were happily surprised to see other kids with floats and families enjoying themselves. The food was ok for what we ordered, initially my boyfriend thought we would need to order more but was happily surprised and full! The drinks were great and while they were a bit pricey they weren't cheap with the servings. Overall I enjoyed myself, only complaint was the bathroom area because of the no shoe policy I expected the bathrooms to be better maintained. And also better instruction fir first timers when entering the locker room. Definitely will return wi friends
Relaxation nirvana. 9 Saunas, 4 hydrojet pools, jacuzzis, all of it was just top notch and amazing. Haven't been on a weekend, which I hear is unbearably packed, but a top notch place all around!
The Korean spa experience goes down the drain as soon as you walk into the facility. Cons: - it feels like an urban ghetto.   - aside from the cleaning people, the people who work behind the desks are completely rude. - people eating in the pools. No etiquette. - I'll be the thousandth person to say this...the kids. Ever heard of a daycare center?! It wasn't even relaxing at all. Pros: - the free shuttle bus to and from Spa castle. - plenty of lounge chairs to get your tan on in the pool area. $35 to use the pools and the different rooms all day is definitely a good deal. But realistically, it's not even worth it.
it's more like 3.5  I had fun with my friends and it was relaxing in general.  I went on Sunday and it was a mixed crowd (kids and adults).  I enjoyed the sauna room and the jet pool was nice.  I guess it's nice to go once in a while to chill with your friends.  I thought the jacuzzi in the women's bathroom were much better than the public.  I didn't enter to jacuzzi in the women's changing room b/c you have to go total BARE.  Wayyyyy too shy for that at this moment.  I actually enjoyed the korean tofu soap on the 3rd floor. It was pretty spicy.  That's all I tried though.  It can get pretty pricey after a while since you keep charging everything on your bracelet.  Overall, it's nice to try it out once in a while to relax.  Although, I think the weekdays may be better if u want less crowd.
I went there for the 2nd time on my birthday this past week.  It was the best! Super clean and the employees are nice and helpful! Will definitely be going there more often!
What a sanctuary! Went there on two different occasions last year: afterwork in the morning with the girls and in the afternoon for bf's b-day. Both times I enjoyed being there. It's better and quicker to take the chinese buses (right on Canal street and Boerum) than taking the  7 line to the last stop in Flushing. Locating the spa castle shuttle buses can be confusing at first. Good thing there's always a small group of people waiting. Disclaimer: I'm not a full spa girl so just being in a place where you can relax and enjoy pool/jacuzzi was ideal for me. I liked the whole concept and design of the place, from the wristbands and uniforms we are made to wear, to the seperate floor for genders, and the unisex floor on top.  I tend to prefer the indoor jacuzzi's and sauna better than the outside pool. Food is overall pricey. Dishes at the chinese restaurant (particularly fried beef) were excellent . Last I been, found out everyone (and their mothers) knows about this place. Sure bet that it's ridiculously overcrowded during weekends and summer..or just all the time now
Why do so many people hate paradise?  Is there a conspiracy here to keep the rating low to limit its popularity?  Actually, that's not a terrible idea.  However, unfortunately, I'd rather be honest than manipulate the rating to prevent people from coming to this wonderful place.     - You'll get over the nakedness (it's just the first floor)   - There weren't too many kids/teens when I went last Sunday   - The uniforms are not a big deal at all, I actually liked them A group of 5 of us spent 5 glorious hours there and spent $45.  Couldn't have spent it better.
GO GO GO! SO much fun, food , spas all incredible. The only con is getting there- we have a car thank god. By public transport from NYC is quite a hike.
I'm not a fan of Spa Castle for several reasons: 1)  The staff are pretty rude.  Towards closing time, the women were being screamed at like cattle.  I know it's late, but some respect and courtesy would be nice. 2)  The cost is so expensive, $45 when I went.  There is a similar place in Palisades, NJ for $30. 3)  It felt too large and commercialized.  This is supposed to be a health place, and they are selling such unhealthy deep fried food!  What an oxymoron! But the upside: 1)  It's large and there is a lot to do - i.e., go into the different igloos and get very hot and sweat! 2)  Spas are fun in general, great for groups of friends. I would rather drive to NJ then to College Point, but then I'm just a spa snob.  I like a more relaxed place, less chaotic.
Spa Castle is a surprisingly inexpensive bathhouse centered around the traditional Korean "jimjilbang", but with the occasional European twist. You take the 7 line "International Express" all the way out to Flushing. Then, it's a quick (and I mean quick; Korean style!) shuttle ride to the spa. The first experience is the classic Asian style locker room and bathing area. Here, you can easily spend over an hour shaving, brushing your teeth, cleaning up good, and trying out the different pools and saunas. My personal favorite is a dip in the hot pool followed by a cannon ball dunk into the frigid cold pool. Swimsuits are prohibited here, so check your inhibitions at the door. Next, after climbing into a comfy pair of shorts and a shirt (courtesy of Spa Castle), you're free to wander to your heart's content. I personally recommend grabbing lunch from the top floor Korean food bar. The food is very authentic and reasonably priced. If the weather's nice, take your meal (the soft tofu seafood stew is to die for!) out on the balcony, and dine al fresco with beautiful, panoramic views of Whitestone Bridge and beyond. After lunch, you absolutely MUST head down to the relaxation room on the Mezzanine floor. It's a dimly lit enclosure with two rows of wonderful leather recliners and personal TVs which I've personally dubbed "the napping room". Here, you can easily lavish away the rest of the afternoon drifting in and out of conscientiousness while Chung Ho and Sang Hee suffer through the hardships of love in the latest Korean hit drama. Bidding farewell to the divine hall of rest, you still have all the upper outdoor pools and lower indoor saunas to peruse. The choices are endless, and any claims to which are the best are merely subjective and unique to each individual. Just grab an extra towel to clean off the sweat and dive right in. Finish the day with a quick shower and a final dunk into the hot/cold pools. Shuttles head back to Flushing every 15 and 45 minutes on the hour, so you have plenty of time to think about where to go for supper. If it's late, try a pastry with milk tea at The New Flushing Bakery before hopping on the metro back to wherever your travels may take you. TIP: Go early on a weekday as the entry fee is $10 cheaper and the kids are still in school.
One of the best days I've ever had in my life!
My friends and I were looking forward to starting the Labor Day weekend at Spa Castle.  No surprise here that there was a throng of people waiting in line.  They had two separate lines for Living Social and everyone else.  You can guess which one had the long line.  It probably took about 20-30 minutes to check in. Upon checking in, you're given a watch that displays your locker number on it; it also serves as an electronic device to unlock your lockers and you can charge any amenities and food you purchase with it. Once checked in, you head towards the locker room where you must first remove your shoes and place them in a shoe-only locker.  Then, you'll proceed to a second set of larger lockers where you'll store your other essentials.  In this time, you'll also get a uniform at the desk just to the right of entering the locker room.  The uniform is a pink t-shirt and orange shorts - nothing glamorous. On the women's locker room floor, there's a room with heated tubs/pools, but you need to be nude to go in them!  At first, I thought the entire room was nude-only, but it's just for going into the pools, and not including the showers, which are along the sides of the room.  They supply you with bulk size shampoo, conditioner, and soap, which were great. Once you've changed into your swimwear, you'll need to put on your uniform before heading upstairs.  On this floor, it's a big wide open area where you can sit, relax, dine, and watch a show on the big projector (on the day we went, the US Open was on).  This floor also has the sauna rooms ranging from around 145-185 degree rooms with one room as low as 50-ish degrees.  Each sauna varies in room size - some can comfortably fit 5 people while others can hold probably 50 people.  It was in the smaller rooms where it felt crowded and you'll regularly see people peeking in through the door to see if there's any space.  Also on this floor, you can order food.  There's an asian buffet that charges $10 for 1lb/fruit or $12 for 1lb/food.  The buffet is pretty decent, but given the price, you have to be careful how much you pile on your plate.  I would think they deduct the weight of the plate from the price as I would expect that to be typical of any buffet place that charges by the weight of food.  Overall the price of food was overpriced as you would expect. On the top floor/roof deck, there are the two major pools and on the day we went, it was packed.  Good luck finding a chair or a place to lay your towel.  If you're not into crowds or you're a germaphobe, you're probably not going to have a good time here unless you can avoid peak period. I would say my overall experience with Spa Castle was good, but I wish I had gone at a less busier time as it would have made for a better, more relaxing experience.  Regardless, at an affordable $25 rate with the Living Social deal, I think you get a good bang for your buck.  Just be aware that once u tack on the price of food and extra amenities and services like massages, that's when things start to get expensive.
I just celebrated my 25th birthday here on 3/13. I love Spa Castle. It is the best form of relaxation. I love all of the pools, sauna's, hot tubs, the food, the sleeping area and most importantly I LOVE THE TONIC BAR ;-) It is operated by Asians but that doesn't mean that all others can't enjoy. I always see a diverse group of people when I go. I came to spa castle with about 20 ppl for my birthday, whats the deal with people leaving the area when we came in the room? Were black not criminals or dangerous to say the least! None-the- less I still enjoyed and will come back!
This place is over run with kids! It is something more like a child care center where the adults can get a facial while the kids run wild. I went with my friend (lauren-s who has also written a review) and her sister. Every room we went into, we could not relax. Fair enough, it is not your traditional day spa, but c'mon! The floor was shaking with every little kid that ran past. Kids were coming in and out of rooms as they could not stand the heat... (Some rooms are over 180 degrees.)  It's no wonder it is against health regulations that children under the age of 16 are not allowed in saunas/spas. I don't know why Spa Castle does not adhere to this regulation. If it weren't for the overwhealming number of kids running wild, I would give this place five stars.
I'm jus so Torn about writing a good review for Spa Castle. Mainly because 2 years ago when they were managed under the name Inspa..it was sooo much better. It was only 30 dollars for an entire day. I get to relax, soak in the hot bath, sauna, then I would go up to the rooftop ( summer days) for an awesome day of tanning then hit the pool. They even serve a good variey of food in the facility. But then, after returning back a month ago, things have sure changed. Boy the yelpers were they right about the KIDS...just too many kids roaming around screaming on the top of their lungs..along with the oblivious parents that can't shut their kid up... when i was up at the poool i must hv gotten splashed at too many times to count by little kids. They no longer have patrols to manage the pool area anymore. and it was wayy too packed. I would only come back here on a school day, weekday and any non-holiday. I really hope their management reflects upon the noise level issues in this spa. P.s. they sell gift certificates and i think they are great gift ideas for family and friends( 35/person on weekdays and 45/person on weekends)
I have to say.....this was  35 bucks well spent. You dont even think your in queens. I went with a friend and we honestly couldn't have asked for better. We were both a bit nervous about getting naked, but once you strip in the locker rooms, give it 10 seconds and you'll feel amazing. Everything else is doing it so it feels natural. It's so liberating and I just can not imagine it any other way. The lower floor is where you would spend most of your time. it's also the quietest and most relaxing. On the upper level wit hthe sauna village, it is a bit more rowdy,, but you dont hear it at all once you are in the saunas. The salt sauna is my absolout favorite( except for the wet sauna in the baths). I had a smoothie there and it wasn't bad at all. It's made right in front of you...talk about fresh! I also got a face mask for a reasonable price. (less then 5 bucks). By the time we were out of there, my skin was as soft as a baby's. I didn't mind the uniforms at all. I thought they were actually comfy to be in. The only thing i would suggest is to bring a water bottle with you, because the fake paper fold able cups they give you are so hard to drink from. but otherwise, It's really a trip worth making!
Recently visited SPA Castle and found the service to be below standard. We initially called ahead to try to book a couple's massage & were told by the operator that the department was not open yet but they would return our phone call.  We left our name and number, but we were never called back. We decided to go in person & try to book an appointment in person.  We had never been to SPA Castle before.  When the receptionist took our money, passed us a watch key and didn't say another word.  Are we supposed to know what she is thinking?  Rude.   After entering the locker room, there were 3 attendants chatting with each other who didn't even look my way.  I had no idea what I was supposed to do.  After fumbling around, I approached one and asked one of the attendants if she could help me with my locker.  Afterwards, the lady at the desk asked her, "Bet it wasn't a problem with the locker, she probably didn't know which one was hers right?"  And the other lady who helped me rolled her eyes & said "Yeah."   I was standing right there.  Rude!   We tried to get a 10 minute massage, there were no customers but the receptionist told us that we had to wait because they were booked.  There was no one in the chairs, & no one on her blank list?  We were asked to come back in 15 minutes.  The entire time we waited, no one came for a massage.  Rude (& weird). When we visit a Spa we expect a certain level a service, to be taken care of and the staffers will be friendly and willing to help.  They had a "Smile campaign" was posted at every register, but the majority of the staff seemed unhappy to be there.   Was it worth $35?  Sort of.  If you don't have to deal with the staffers.
Compared to King Sauna in NJ, I think this place has its better and its worse.   (+) -Its sleek and modern -Its clean -Staff is friendly -The water park -The locker room wristbands -Shuttle train from the 7 subway -Lots of food options (-) -Can't imagine it on the weekends, I went on a Monday and it was quite crowded -Lots of kids running around -Fewer saunas. -Less big chairs to fall asleep on -L.E.D colour sauna, seemed a little pointless -King sauna has the one room that is 300 some degrees, the hottest one here was maybe 190. Overall it felt a little more compressed, perhaps due to the fact that it has less floors? Overall I was still impressed with the sauna and the diversity it draws rather than in NJ where it seems that 98% of the people that are in there are korean.
such a nice place, although now its getting overcrowded I really enjoyed my time here, best to go on a less busy day like during a work week.  But you cant go wrong with this place service: 4 out of 5 parking: 3 stars atmosphere: 5/5 (not romantic), however, there is an upstairs that i haven't seen food: 4/5 price: 2/5
I'm already planning on going back!
I had heard a lot about this place but never had stepped foot in. I was looking for a good place to throw a small bridal event and this was suggested by many since we can all hang out as a group at the same time versus a usual spa would allow 2-3 people to be worked on at a time. I'd have to admit we had a great time here even though it was sooooo cold (we went between fall and winter on one of the colder days!) so we hid out in many of the outdoor heated pools and jacuzzis.  There was 4 floors of fun and relaxation but admission was $45 a person for all day. If you're hungry or thirsty there are both available (not the best prices but if you are hungry then you'd have to order). There are some private massages for additional charges. Otherwise, you can enjoy the different types of saunas, pools, jacuzzis, etc.
This was the first time i visit this place with my boyfriend this spa is amazing and their prices are reasonable. great food and awesome drinks.
great place...worth every penny..not that they're many which is why it's awesome! went here for a friend's bday...i went with a girlfriend i was treating on a weekend and we got there at about 830pm...not crazy crowded as i heard it was earlier that day and how i've heard from other yelpers (re: the weekend crowd) oh yea. editing to add that yes...you will be confused and lost and wondering why when you walk in to the locker all u see are random naked women...and then you think "do i have to be naked to get upstairs? how do i get upstairs". but just ask! the staff will tell you how things work if you ask...they won't just offer information without inquiries.. the jets are amazing...amazing..the saunas...jade, gold, and salt were my fave..the drinks are ridiculously expensive ($8) for juice...and the pools outside..again going back to the jets...are greeeat. so whether $35 (weekday) or $45 (weekend) i say it's worth every penny.
To sum up the worst parts of Spa Castle, think of a hybrid of a jail and amusement park. They give you the most hideous uniforms and then deny you food and water unless you really pay up. I guess that part isn't so bad, especially since the food is pretty good. (The bibimbap was fancy!) At its best, Spa Castle is a great place to get nekkid with same-sex friends, or to swim in colored and smelly (in a good way) water with same- and opposite-sex friends. I think that's what puts this spa above other K-spas: the large unisex areas. I would love to come here with some guy friends and chill in our orange/pink or blue/white uniforms and sip on Borba juice and crack baked eggs on our heads all day. Things I would like to see change at Spa Castle are 1) the surprising number of broken bathroom stall locks and 2) the complete lack of free water. After coming out of a 190-degree sauna, a sister needs water!! Aromatherapy and "gold" walls aren't going to get rid of this dizziness. Gimme some agua!
Arrived on a Thursday at 12:30pm on a 95 degree day. Free shuttle was perfectly on time and drive to Spa Castle just 10 min. I walked in, paid $35, got a watch bracelet and was left to figure the rest out for myself. If you plan to drink alcohol at the pool bar you will want to show ID and get a bracelet upon check-in so you don't have to deal with it later. Walked into the women's locker room where, sorry to say ladies, women get changed, so if you're uncomfortable with nudity keep your clothes on, your eyes down and get over it! From the women's locker room there is a nude spa/bath area that has fewer kids, splashing, and people in general. If you want to go anywhere other than the locker room or access water more modestly you have to put on the orange t-shirt/pink shorts get-up they give you and then you may ascend the first flight of stairs to the sauna/restaurant/massage/livingroom area (without your shoes). It was a large enough space so the muti-function thing worked, but in a strip-mall kind of way. Saunas were great, the ice land room was a blissful cool-off, the salad bar was $12/lb but fresh and juice bar was good. I was NOT a fan of the nap/sit around space, but many seemed to love loafing around in brown leather chairs among strangers...didn't get any massages or other spa services because similar services are offered in my neighborhood for way less. The pools on the upper level are warm water (exact temperature wasn't posted) and the water jets are extremely strong. If you are a 125-ish lb girl like me you might find yourself holding on to stay against the wall...and there were A LOT of kids and teen-agers (I guess school's out now) who  liked to play with the on-off buttons and no observable lifeguards. I would not go back seeking a relaxing spa day this summer. A day at city pool, yes. In late fall or early spring on an early weekday, maybe.
Orange and Pink baggy gym uniforms lol, could they pick more flattering colors at least? Went on a friday night for some steaming and sauna-ing.  Warning: it's seriously in the middle of nowhere, my friend and I took the 7 from midtown and then got an unmarked cab to the spa, kinda sketch.  This was my first Korean bath house experience and it's like a cross of disneyland with raging waters and the Y nakedness in the dry sauna.  My friend claims the ones in LA are cleaner but I thought it was decently clean with the upkeep.  Interestingly, there were a bunch of teenyboppers preparing for going out clubbing after the spa.  Otherwise not too crowded and my skin felt clean and dewy after 3 hours of detoxing =)
This place is insane.  It's a three story wonderland for the lazy and wanting to be pampered.  I got my first scrub and massage (sans clothing) - Korean style!  First, you have to make an appt and they make you shower and go into the hot tub for 30 minutes so that your skin is scrub-ready.  Then they scrub you this way and that way - basically everywhere.  It felt weird, but they were accomodating since it was my first time.  One thing I didn't like was that the scrub and massage ($90 for 80 minutes advertised on the web) was actually $95 for 70 minutes but that's fine - it was still worth it.   The second floor has food (the sushi is NOT good), eating area, lounging area with TVs and hot/cold sauna with themes in eskimo igloos.  They have a jade, gold, sunray, ice, and other themes.  Some of them are 195 degrees!  I felt like the cave might collapse on me and I'd die of heat so I only lasted like 5 min.   The top floor has a hinoki (some 200-year old wood that's good for your skin) pool and warm spa pool with massage jets.  You need to bring a swimming suit and beach towel for the third floor. The entrance fee is $35 (separate from any services).  The lockers are pretty slick and they give you a plastic watch with your locker number and it opens up the locker by scanning the face of it up to the lock.  You also charge everything by scanning the little watch.  This includes any services, food or drink.   I look the metro 7 to Flushing, Main Street, and then walked up to Union and 39th to the Flushing Municipal Parking Lot in front of Woori (our) bank.  The shuttle picked us up and it took about 15 minutes to get to Spa Castle.  And the shuttle is free!  Be careful though, it leaves promptly at every 10 and 40 of the hour b/c people pile in and the driver waits until the clock turns 2:10, 3:10, etc. and then leaves.  So if you come one minute late, you have to wait 29 minutes.   I highly recommend this to any and all first-time scrubbers.  I would definitely come again.
I had an incredible time there. A good friend of mine invited me. Just make sure it is not a weekend day. it can be crowded. Take a half a day of to indulge your self. Entrance was inexpensive. I took a deep tissue Swedish massage for one hour which was Ok. One thing that bothers me almost in every massage salon without distinction is that masseuses talk in their language with each other on top of my head. Make sure you take a private room. I did go in to various pools and saunas with various temps. Something I always remember is the Sushi bar and the sleep I had on the floor, It was soo relaxing. indulge your self. It is worth it.
This place is just awesome despite all the cons.. ex. customer service, kids running around.etc. However, I am still not a fan of food served here but it still has the best spot to get away for a cold winter day in New York.
Absolutely lovely! This was like Disneyland for females (of a wide age range!) I got the full scrub down, where you strip naked and they scrub every inch of your body with this oil and coarse scrub until you are squeaky clean! I also took advantage of all the different saunas-- I looked like I lost 5 pounds after all that sweating! The outdoor pools were manificent with their different massaging jets-- it would be a great place to just lay out! They have other rooms like the sleeping room, the relaxing room, along with a buffet and different restaurants with alcoholic beverages... All the extra ameneties add up, so watch out for your wallet!
So much fun! Not only are there a number of saunas for you to get warm, but the rooftop pool should not be missed. The naked area of the spa is huge and very clean, and I really think it is not intimidating. Once you see everyone be naked for 5 minutes, you kind of stop caring and just go on and do your thing. Fun activity for friends for an afternoon.
I visited Spa Castle this past Wednesday, July 31, 2013, I took my boyfriend there as part of our second year dating anniversary, we just wanted to relax together and not spend a lot of time traveling far or do anything extravagant, this was the perfect place for that.  I was skeptical at first since I had read a lot of negative as well as positive reviews, but I have two friends who had recently visited and they both informed me that they loved the place so I decided to give it a try.   I am glad I did not listen to the negatives, I think some people go there expecting a 5 star Spa and with extremely high expectations, I absolutely loved the place and can't wait to go back, my boyfriend liked it as well the only thing he wished it had was a pool that you could actually swim at, but I had no negatives from my part aside for the price of the cocktails, which at $14 each I thought were definitely over priced, we had beer which was priced at $6 each (the cheapest they had).  I loved every single one of the saunas and the massaging pools, I definitely felt relaxed which is what I was hoping to accomplish by going there.  I did see some kids, which I honestly don't understand why you would take an infant to a place like this (and I have a kid myself), but there were not really a lot kids in the place, maybe because it was a Wednesday?. My overall experience was very positive, the place was clean and inviting and I am already planning a trip back with the girls....girls RELAXING day out.....can't wait.
My friend invited me to go with her since she got a gift certificate for two for her bday. Came on a Wednesday morning taking the shuttle van on 39th Ave & Union St. I was expecting to have a good time like my previous visit, which was about a year ago. That time I came towards the evening but I still had a great time. It wasn't crowded and just about everything was clean. I came for free that time too. Who doesn't like free things? It was a treat for me then, and I thought this time too, but I was wrong! The Good/Neutral: -Family friendly place. Some like it, some don't. It is what it is. Pools were bustling with children. -For lunch, ate hamburger and fries with soda. Tasted good enough. I could tell they cooked a frozen hamburger, but still was a decent lunch. Beware it is expensive to dine here. Paid $12.50 for my meal. -Plenty of saunas with varying degrees of temperature. -Free shampoo, conditioner, body cleanser. Lots of towels in the bath area in the locker room, there is none by the pool area. The Bad: -The pools weren't clean, very murky water. -Crowded pool area. All the chairs get taken up pretty fast. My friend and I even had our seats taken. That was annoying. The Worst:  I saw a couple having sex or trying to have sex in the pool. Killed the whole experience. How disgusting and indecent! There is a time and place for that... in the privacy of your own home! I'm married and I don't have children yet, but I can't possibly think of bringing my kids to a place where this is going on. And even if children weren't there, there is no place for that in public. Come on, Really?! Do I even have to write a review saying this? Bottom line - That was enough for me to never go back.
I just went to this "bath house" and it was wicked. I'd never gone to one before, so I didn't really know what to expect. I thought it would mostly be lounging in hot rooms and pretending I was relaxed. What was it actually? TONS OF POOLS! Outdoor ones, ones where you can take your drinks into, ones that have tons of different underwater mechanisms to relax your muscles, etc. There were also a ton of saunas, which I managed to enjoy after a little while. The outdoor pool was the best part of it all, in my opinion. This place is probably closest to the last stop on the 7 train (and has a shuttle that runs to and from that subway stop). Definitely worth the trip, even if you don't live near there. If you live in New York, and you aren't currently at this establishment, well, that shocks me. Only because you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not going. It's $35 for a weekday and $45 on weekends.
This place is amazing.  It's like a vacation from the moment you get off the train.  Just putting your shoes in the little locker and putting the uniform on is fun.
Even though I live near the largest Korean populated area in the United States (Los Angeles), it wasn't until I visited the 2nd largest Korean populated area in the United States that I visited my first Korean spa.   Getting the logistics out of the way, you start at the front entrance.  The entrance fee is $45.  This includes use of the pools, steam rooms, cold rooms, lounging areas, showers, but no services - like massages or scrubs.  You're issued what looks like a plastic wristwatch.  Although you spend the whole rest of the day looking at it to figure out the time, all it does is let you know your ID # which corresponds to your locker number.  You also scan your watch when you want to buy anything - food, services, etc.  At this point, if you are in a mixed gender group, you will split up and head to your gender specific locker rooms.  In the locker rooms, you are issued Spa uniforms of matching tshirts and shorts.  All your belongings go into lockers, controlled by your wrist"watches."   Now the fun begins.  The place is huge so we took some time to orient ourselves.  There is a floor with the steam and cold rooms and the pools outside.  There are other floors with food - the juice and boba bar and the salad bar.  There is yet another floor with Korean food with tables to eat.  We didn't even discover the rooftop pools, but apparently they exist.   We spent awhile in the steam rooms - the ones with salt, fancy air, jade, etc. that purportedly have beneficial health properties.  When we were done roasting ourselves, we took a cooling turn in the cold room, our favorite of the day.  We moved onto the pools, that have jets that massage various parts of your body (neck, feet, calves, butt, back).   As for food, we started off with a "breakfast" of sorts at the juice bar.  I ordered a carrot apple juice which was fresh but room temperature warm.  A lot of others in my group ordered smoothies that I could tell they didn't enjoy.  All their boba drinks were made with flavored powders.  We snacked on Korean roasted egg, which had a very faint roasty flavor.  For a snack, we went with the salad bar which is priced by the pound.  It's a great salad bar really with a lot of fruit and vegetables and salads.  They had meats and Korean side dishes.  My only gripe was that they didn't zero out the scale for the heavy plate so it was a total ripoff.  For our real lunch, we ate at the Korean food stall upstairs.  I had the dolsot bibimbap ($16) which was delicious.  A lot of people got the taeji bulgogi (pork bulgogi, spicy) that was enough for 2 to share and came with a big basket of greens for wrapping.   We split up when it came to services.  Some of us opted for foot massages and apparently some were really painful and whereas others were weak and sleep inducing.  One of us got a facial and she raved about it, calling it one of the best ever.  I opted for the not-for-the-faint-hearted Korean scrub, public version.  There is a private room version but I didn't feel like paying for more.  You get naked, do a quick shower, and lie onto a table.  A Korean woman in black bra and panties starts scrubbing all the dead skin off your body.  All over your body.  Arms, legs, feet, chest, butt.  It wasn't nearly as rough as some people described it but certainly, they were not delicate with you.  Periodically, they'd pour a tub of warm water over you.  It felt great.   Our group spent about 6 hours there that day.  As you can see, there are plenty of activities to pass the time and to really get your money's worth in the facilities, you should spent an extended amount of time there.  One thing that was interesting is that the demographics.  It was still a good deal Korean/Asian but maybe because it's Flushing, a lot of local non-Asians too.  Also, at the beginning of our day (10-11 AM) it was comfortably empty.  But towards the end of the day, I thought there were too many people to be enjoyable.   Now that I've been inducted in the Korean spa, I imagine I'll be going again soon.  Look out Koreatown, Los Angeles.
This place was GREAT!!! Went on a Saturday from 6P to Close, however, tooooo many young kids running around unsupervised.  We were hoping the later in the evening we went, less kids would be there - NOT TRUE!
This place was great, went tonight on a Wednesday from 7-10pm.  Only a few screaming children, and I am glad I was warned about them so I knew the better time to go ($35/person weekdays).  As spa castle virgins we were a little confused when we first walked in.  Shoes go in one section of lockers, others stuff goes in another section.  That magical watch was mind-melding when first used, I wish I had one of those to unlock everything in my life.  Then, we didn't realize that the naked pools were on the same level as the locker rooms.  Upstairs, we asked the frozen yogurt girl, politely at first, where we were supposed to go to be "bare".  And less politely, due to the language barrier,  "Naked!  Where can we be naked?!"  Back downstairs we went and like a fellow guest told us as we arrived, it was totally liberating.  If you go here, you have to get naked. The saunas upstairs were pretty sweet too, look for one with all men, likely to have less chatter.  The outdoor heated pools were another favorite- try swimming against the current- but the sauna out there was way to hot to even stand in- tile floors don't help.  Drinks at the aquabar are way overpriced, even for this boozer- stick to water (bring your own bottle to refill from their coolers).  The self serve food bar was pretty decent for the price- though I wondered how long it had been sitting there- the best food we had were the buns near the frozen yogurt- steamed deliciousness for $1.50 each!  We tried the pumpkin and the veggie. In sum:  Go here (on a weekday evening), bring friends and family, get naked, eat buns.
Horrible. This should not be called a spa. It is an amusement park for children to run around and scream and riff raff adults to get drunk and take exotic photos. There was no sense of relaxation here at all. To top it off all of the staff is absolutely nasty. There was no customer service at all and quite frankly each one of them gave attitude (from the front desk, to the bartender to the van driver.) The rudeness never ended. Not a way to be treated at a SPA. Not worth the price at all.Will not be coming back here again.
What an awesome experience. There are a bunch of pools on the roof but the various saunas are by far the best part of the place. There's a relaxation room in the locker room that's 96 degrees and dark with no humidity. I took a nap on a bamboo mat in a room full of strangers and it was amazing.
I go here a couple times a year and I like alot. If you have kids they are welcomed and it would make a good relaxing family day. I spent at least 6hrs. every visit. There is multiple things to do on every floor. You won't be disappointed with this spa.
First time at this place and didn't know what to expect.   First, this place is massive.  There are four floors (lobby, 1st floor, 2nd floor, and 3rd floor). Lobby floor you have the entrance and the locker rooms.  The mandatory naked pool/shower area is contained in the locker area.  There are also 2 sauna rooms downstairs as well.  The watch/security key was interesting - your final bill ("extras" you buy get charged to the watch) and the key also opens the locker rooms for your sandals and clothes.  Did I mention naked people everywhere?  The showers are open showers -- i.e. after all that sweat, you are going to the naked area to shower and everyone in the nakey pool can see you rinse off/cleanse yourself.  I don't really care either way, but be forewarned. First floor you have a starbucks, a buffet, a sleeping area, a massage chair area and some sauna rooms.  The sauna rooms were pretty awesome actually.  There was one in the shape of an igloo which doesn't fit that many people, but it was pretty great (my first time there - didn't know better and got there near closing time).  The salt room was HOT.  I walked in and ran out -- I thought the skin from my feet was going to fall off from being burned.  It was fine, but the burning/hot sensation hung around for a good 15 minutes on the soles of my feet.  I don't understand the color room or the infrared lighting sauna/lounge chairs so I'm going to skip them. Second floor you have an aqua bar with pool areas and tables in the pool areas for you to drink.  The air jets in the pools are STRONG.  I have sensitive skin though, so others may enjoy them more.  All of the pools are heated to different degrees, as are all the sauna rooms, and the temperature is indicated somewhere by the pool/sauna room which I appreciated. The second floor also contains an outdoor pool area which is nice as well.  They have a hot tub out there and also two pools and an outdoor sauna. The third floor has some kind of fitness center, restaurant and bar.  Not sure, they were closed by the time we arrived so didn't make it up there. There is a free shuttle which picks up from the municipal parking lot (near the 7 train) I think by Prince Street and 38th but I may be wrong about exact cross streets and pick up location.  We took the public bus there not knowing, but the shuttle dropped us off  which was great. In my opinion: This place is really gargantuum in size... however, it was not really crowded when we were there due to the late hour.  I'm not sure how I would deal during peak hours --- really wouldn't want to slam into that many people in close proximity while I'm barely dressed. Bring your own towel.  Too hard to figure out where you can get a towel.  Beach towels and robes will cost you $2/$4.  There are no shoes/sandals/slippers allowed in the place.  Barefoot all the way.  The floor was pretty clean though.  Hopefully none of the other clientele has foot fungus or anything. There is waaaaay too much PDA in the pool areas.  Leave that for home please.  Really.  If I wanted to watch soft core, I would be home and I would watch soft core.   Leave the kids at home please.  Or at least have a designated "family hour" or "kids hour" so all the people who don't want to step or run over these kiddies don't have to.  There is a height requirement for boys to enter the woman's locker room with their moms.  Granted, it's probably something like 3 feet , but it's just odd.  Why would you do that to your kid?  Why would you do that to other people? All in all though, it was an interesting experience.  It was my first time there and they have a pamphlet/guide book which helped a lot.  If I hadn't been to the Turkish baths before though, I think I would have been quite confused/lost.  The experience was something of a mix between a spa and a waterpark (people behave differently in different sections) and as such, it did detract from the overall relaxing atmosphere.
Place is amazing. Absolutely cheaper than other places I've been to. A great experience for a gals day out. Very relaxing and the upstair terrace view is sensational. Weekdays - $35 Weekends - $45
I LOVE Spa Castle.  Getting there is a pain.  But once you're there, you're in a wonderland of fun.  A huge playground of pools, jacuzzis, and saunas.  The outdoor heated pool with it's jets and currents is my favorite.  Having water pound your back and shoulders, floating as water carries you in a bizarre semi-circle, sitting in the watery equivalent of a massage chair...  It's literally hours of happiness.  It's also fun going from sauna to sauna -- the gold room, the salt room, the jade room....  the whole concept is brilliant.  Everything is clean, weekdays aren't crowded, the restaurant is tasty...  if only it wasn't so far away!  Riding the 7 till the end is manageable... the hassle is waiting for the Spa Castle van and fighting other people for seats.  But it's worth it!!!
I've been a patron of Spa Castle for about three years now and I have to say, after my experiences over the past four months, I will never return. Some of my experiences: - People eating buffalo wings and nacho cheese in the pools. - Drunks cursing as loud as they can with no one stopping them. - Someone yelled at me complaining in the mandatorily nude area (!) - People opening up sauna doors and laughing at the idea of staying in the heat. - People eating inside saunas. - Murky and fecal smelling pools I have put up with ALOT because I live very close to this spa. However, last night I witnessed a FIST FIGHT in the male locker room and absolutely no security stepped in. I will not be returning.
The staff is really, really, really unfriendly and constantly checking on you. It is sad because the spa itself is very beautiful and whoever created the saunas and pool areas is full of creative ideas. The entrance on the week-end is very expensive (USD 45) and you have to pay extra for almost everything apart from pool and sauna. The food is ok, but overpriced. I think it is a great concept, but the rules are enforced much too strongly to allow you to really enjoy. Also, being from Europe, it looked really weird to me that all the women have to wear pink-orange and all the men blue-grey uniforms. That was a bit scary actually...
I'm a very generous person when it comes to giving reviews and stars. That said, I went on a Saturday afternoon, yes, it was super crowed,  the 10 people capacity hot pool on 3rd floor deck always had 7+ people there, and it's not a big pool, so I had to crouch myself so I don't get into other people's space, and I think that's the hottest pool in the whole place, and it's not that hot, I stayed in there for probably more than half hour and walked right out without any problem of dizziness, but if was a 40F degree day, so I don't know if that affects the water temp. Sauna were small domes unisex sauna rooms, I usually don't wear that many clothing into a sauna. I closed my eyes whenever I was in a pool and shut all the hustle bustle out and just trying to enjoy the water, I think I was pretty much relaxed. I don't mind too much about the big naked shower room, so I took a shower and got into the relaxed room with the mini tvs and took a nap. That was nice. If I want to spend more money, I would go to a higher end spa and have more intimate and more prettier and upscale surrounding I'm sure, but for $45 I got to use all the amenities there and relaxed myself a bit from the week, I think I got what I was looking for.
It's huge but not as huge as I thought. Most of the space is devoted to the locker rooms (how do the people who work there deal with the constant beeping sounds of the lockers???) and restaurant space. Despite that, the "castle" is a fun place to visit for a first-timer; the various pools and different sauna rooms will keep one entertained for a solid 2 hours. My friend and I loved the ice sauna (perfect for a summer's day!) and the gold room. It's hot, but not blistering hot (hello mineral salt room), and who doesn't like laying down in a room of gold? Will probably not re-visit any time soon but will consider coming back in the winter for a dip in the jacuzzi and power nap in the gold sauna.
My update, I still feel that the Spa Castile is alright for the price. Even at $40 as of February 2014 It's okay for the two times a month I can afford to go. And as I only mostly go to relax, And unwind in the large and open basement saunas, It's okay. I do eat sometimes, But I really don't like the low eating tables and regular size chairs. You have to hold the plate up, or come down to eat your food, Stupid really. And it's $12 lbs. of food., Plus the plates are heavy, Do they take the weight of the plate off? Don't think so.... But as for the steam rooms and saunas, Yes, This is the place to be. Just know that this is an enforce nude area. They have two nude areas for the women and men apart. As I don't mind going nude, We're all men's in this area. And as this area is mostly free of children and nonsense. My friends and I enjoy ourselves, Don't come with friends if you or they have nude hang-ups, I've seen lot's of groups leaving for that. I Love it mostly for being able to relax in the dry and wet steam rooms and different water temperature pools, I have a hard time leaving when it's time to. I just got a water proof MP3 player, on Amazon for my music, Makes it even better for me to to escape into my own world! But back to the rudeness, While downstairs in the sauna, I needed a bottle of water and they only had soda, I asked the worker to please send someone to bring some down, He just stared at me. We don't have anymore okay? Like really? You want me to work? Or send somebody upstairs? I was nude and had to put on the spa uniform to get my own! Yes It's true, RUDE Most if not all the staff are rude, And even at the front entrance desk! LOL But I just think of what their pay checks look like. And keep going. I'm not their to make friends....So freak them. Another update, For you're own good, Don't go on a holiday! They are cheap enough to charge weekend rates of $50.00 Plus too many kids are running around.
I've yet to find another place that gives you as much value as Spa Castle. For $35 dollars during weekdays ($40 on weekends) you have full access to a number of pools with massaging jets, a bunch of different saunas, and a few jacuzzis. Also, because you are not allowed to wear shoes throughout the facility, the floors are sparkling-clean. Food and drinks are available on premises at an additional cost. There are plenty of options to choose from to please the palate of the health-enthusiast or the Corona-chugger. Last, you will not be ushered out until its midnight. This can easily become a whole day affair. Every time I come here I walk out feeling euphoric, re-energized, and completely relaxed. You cannot find this in the city. And if you did, it would not cost you $35 or $40 dollars by any stretch of the imagination. If you drive, you have to give this place a chance. I echo what others have mentioned about going on a non-holiday, weekday - there are far less people. I cannot personally vouch for the free shuttle from Main St. because I have not used it. But I did pick up the shuttle schedule last time I went to Spa Castle and remember noting that it comes frequently. If anything a local cab from Main St. to Spa Castle should not be too expensive. I'd call up a few local cabbie companies from Flushing to find out as a back-up plan. Good luck!
If you love water massaging you at every, and i mean every, angle of your body... if you enjoy saunas that promise to clear your skin, make you study better, and aid digestion... If you've always wanted to wear a bikini outside in the middle of January in NYC and live to tell... If you dig corn dogs... If a naked room sounds groovy to you... Then you'll love Spa castle like i do.  My girls and I spent 8 blissful hours there... on our second visit.  A power bracelet gives you access to spending on food, treatments, and use of the gym.  What could be cooler than that?  Nothing, that's right. This place is a wonderful escape from crazy city life.
I loved it. Yes a bit geared to the masses, a bit Vegas-ish, albeit Asian..but I was like a kid in a candy store..everywhere I turned..acupuncture! massage! .frozen yogurt! sushi! water treatments of every kind...infrared sauna... So brilliant how they give you a bracelet with your credit card info swiped in, so you don't even feel the money dribbling away (especially if you are treating anyone else!) until you check out! It's just fun. Good clean fun! Go with some friends and have it at!
Been there so many times.i think the place is cool but hey you are way a little bit more expensive for middle class mr." spa castle" .hate the buffet  choices of food mehh .but ur sauna room at the first floor is the best around.very clean,well maintained and the ambience is awesome .
I've heard great things about spa castle and as i've never really gone to a spa place before, i was super excited to go. Came here with my boyfriend on a Wed in the Summer (which turned out to be a big mistake in the summer on ANY day..) because there were so many kids and people that it was hard to relax. The different array of heated rooms were very relaxing and a great place to get away from the abundance of kids. The outdoor pools and variety of jet streams were nice and relaxing, but while some were not that powerful, others were just downright dangerous. The place isn't as big as it is described on the website- what i mean to say is that the pools were not as abundant as i had originally thought with 5 floors. The separated gender locker rooms had nude pools and steam rooms for those that were interested in that. There were also shower areas and uniforms to wear when walking from floor to floor. Watches were given that activated a shoe locker and a bigger locker and were also used to purchase food, drinks etc which could be paid for upon exiting. TIP: BRING YOUR OWN TOWELS - there is a fee if you want to get one from them. I don't mean to separate myself like this, but i think that many Americans find this place to be a wonderful haven and a great deal for what it offers. i don't disagree, but you have to be careful what day you go to avoid the rush of people and the surprising amount of kids. when i think of spa, i think of relaxation, not a bunch of screaming running kids at the local pool. On that note..hopefully my next visit will be more peaceful :)
This place seems too good to be true from the looks of it...but then you step inside, get your funky little uniform (peach/pink for girls and blue/white for boys because apparently gender-bias still exists here), and after 1 trip around the floors you realize it really isn't all that amazing. The food and drinks were pricey (but you pay with your magnetic watch and get the bill at checkout - so you may not notice as you purchase along the way)...but good. Very Asian style - bubble tea, fro-yo, sushi, thai dishes, and a buffet bar ($12/lb). Had the fresh juice (pineapple and strawberry mix) for $6 and it was delicious - but that's because fresh juice is ALWAYS delicious. Now, for the spa: there were about 5 or 6 different steam rooms (varying temperature and other minerals). Ice room was awesome mainly because it was a nice rescue from the heat rooms. Jade room was a favorite because of the beautiful ceiling, but the hottest (184F) room was the biggest and most relaxing. Pools outside are big, but nice weather is a must or else it gets a little chilly since no swimming is allowed. Massage sections of the pool were a little much and I got a few bruises the next day, so be careful. Outdoor Jacuzzi rocked it and saved the day though! Get here fast and stay! Spa treatments were reasonably priced - didn't get any at this visit so can't judge - but a friend got the shiatsu massage (they do it in a public room with clothes on) and she was a big fan. Overall - great place to hang out all day and get the $45 cover charge fulfilled - there were like 3 designated nap rooms (also, steal a towel and it'll cover the charge). I'd say eat a good meal before you come to save some money. Oh and you also get a complimentary toothbrush that you spend the rest of the day trying to figure out WHY they gave you a toothbrush.
UPDATE: This place is really going downhill. With rising popularity, the things I loved about it are leaving. More and more crowded, even on Tuesday nights. The menu is getting more Americanized and last time I went there were no buckets in the shower room, + it's just getting dirtier. Will I go back, sure, but only at the most obscure time  I can accomodate. ORIGINAL 2012 post: This is an above average Korean spa. Only complaint is that it gets crazy crowded on weekends and there are few places to sit in the main common area. Towels also get used up and piked in the single-sex rooms. BUT otherwise, it's quite clean and has a great variety of relaxing things to do. The food is average. But still, crazy relaxing, especially on a Wednesday morning :)
I love spa castle.  I came here with some of my girlfriends to spend a relaxed day before my birthday celebration at night.  What a great idea! watch out for showers nudity.  a little uncomfortable at first but you get used to it.  The cold bath in the women's only area is a MUST! I love this place.
A great experience. A bit of a pain to get out there, but $35 for the day was great. And this gives you access to all the saunas and pools. They literally thought of everything from the bathroom stalls reaching the ground do charging you throughout your stay based on a watch linking you to the system. My only issue is the non food snacks inside are overpriced (smoothies and such), but I'll definitely go again.
I had such a great time and I am comming back for sure.If you like the Eastern healing treatments,than that's  for you.Very affordable
Wow were we surprised and disappointed. Great place for large families who have tons of kids an maybe can't afford a regular spa or can't afford a babysitter.   Arrive: NO PARKING - Good luck searching in the nearby neighborhoods Enter the building and stand in line like you are about to ride a water park ride. WTF we even went through turnstiles. Leaving: Stand in longggg line again to check out. I mean at least 20-30 minutes each line. Cost: $45 + add ons to use there murky looking pools filled with kids and really gross people! Food Court: OHHH My God this was disgusting. Wet people all over the old gross and stale salad bar and then there was a snack bar up top that had a B rating.  How can you get a B rating when all you serve is hot dogs and steamed corn? I got a salad and they don't offer salad dressing. I asked the young checkout girl if I could trade my salad for something else because it was a little flavorless. She said, and I quote, "I didn't make it, go put salt on it". CLASSY! ODDITIES: They make everyone wear uniforms. I mean the structure was so funny it made me feel like I was in a machine spa not a day spa. They churned and burned. NOISE: Kids everywhere. This was pretty much a public pool, toilet and mall mixed together. I would have paid a few dollars more and gone to a legit spa. Actually the total of the private scrub and entry would have been the same as if I went to a nice day spa, since they don't charge entry when you get a service. PS the locker room steps lead into the Food court. That's like having your bathroom in the kitchen. GROSSSSSS
When this place first opened up it was amazing. Obviously the upkeep is hard to maintain and is over crowded. Still a great getaway but service level needs improvement. There's no place to put your belongings by the outdoor pool and people place their stuff on chairs but everyone is in the pool. Management should make cubby holes for people to place their towels and not allow people to just drop their stuff on chairs and walkaway. Also, the line at the hot food area needs rethought. There's no room to stand and food takes forever to be ready. And please fix some of the water jets. Some don't work.
Two stars for the fact that the saunas and pool jets are good but this place has become so extremely ghetto that it is no longer a cool destination. The nacos have taken over and there's not much you can do other than avoid weekends and Fridays. Virtually everything is overpriced here considering you're out in the boonies of College Point.
I give this facility only 1 star because it is not a spa as much as it is a family water park. I'll give them consideration that they got in a 1.5 hour line of people during the week,  (Monday) since it was summer and at the same time did a living social deal for $16 but if an adult goes to a SPA they don't want to have countless kids running around yelling. As soon as I saw the line I knew I was in for trouble. Their system and concept is nice but the food was low quality for a spa as well. i could get the same and better food from the $7.99 per lb buffet at my corner deli in the city which they charge $12 per lb. When it comes to the massage services my GF watched what they are doing and she is a chinese masseuse and accupuncturist and she didn't want to waste money on their services which was 3 times more than what her spa charges. see RainbowTherapy-NYC.com and she'll tell you the best and worst of the city. All in all I won't be going back unless they improve their services dramatically for the entry price and the food and massage services it's not worth it. Sorry Castle Spa. Big thumbs down. You were a waste of our time and money. Promote yourself as a family fun place with added spa services and warm anyone who wants to relax as an adult or wants healthy food not to come to your facility.
For my first visit ever, I wish I had brought someone else other than my fiancee. He's a kid at heart and the only thing that amused him was the bade pool. We went to the indoor bade pool as the jets there were the first that caught my eye. Waited a bit. A bit annoyed as all the little seats were taken but this one kid occupying and swimming around like a goldfish in a bowl. A few moments later, a couple leaves and we took their place. The jets were strong. Very relaxing.  A nice view of the outdoor bade pool. The water jets on this floor differ in strength and focus on the body. Some jets become super strong that you lose your footing in the water. After a while, if you try every jet in the bade pools, they become repetitive. There's only so much of the same massaging you can take. With the abundance of kids and babies on top of all the adults, this place can get crowded - almost too crowded for my taste. The kids are swimming around like they would in a normal pool and be prepared for these kids to go straight into your body. That is, if you're not near a jet. The pictures on the website make the pools seem bigger than they really are. However, every square foot of the pools can be soothing since there are jets everywhere. He got hungry. He wanted the hot salad bar. For 12 bucks a pound - food got expensive very fast. He loaded the plate with a variety of fruits, meanwhile placing some substantial food like steak and salmon that justified the plate. We had 3 pounds of food, very delicious - same quality of any hot salad bar. Expect to pay double of any food cost outside of Spa Castle. I wanted to try every sauna. Probably not wise right after eating but I did anyway. The Far-infrared sauna was the first, and felt like any other sauna found in regular gyms. Walls are coated with what looked like tiny ceramic tiles. Next was salt. I felt like I can actually FEEL the medical benefits from the Salt. The Himalayan salt is jam packed with minerals - the most soothing of the bunch. Then Gold. Gold actually bored me. I didnt stay too long. Jade was next - as pretty as it was, smells not as pleasing. The Loess Sauna is definitely the one to stay in as it is the hottest - if you wanna be in a sauna, this is the one. With all the heat, I felt it was best to end it off with Ice-Land to close off all the pores. Someone in Ice-Land was scratching at the walls. I have no idea how they keep that place so cold. LED sauna, I felt was a waste. My fiancee doesnt appreciate the saunas. He couldnt handle the heat.  I offered to go back to the bade pools but he just wanted to leave. This upset me, however this was the perfect time to hide in the gender-segregated areas. The mineral baths with the showers are all reminiscent of the bade pools because of all the similar jets. You're just naked at this point. There are 4 different baths, plus a a handful of massaging pools and a wet and dry sauna. I think being naked and unrestricted is all the glory in this area as most of this part can be found somewhere else I took my shower, used their abundance of toiletries and used their electronic lockers for the final time and headed out. I love the idea of the watch key linked to the 2 sets of lockers and your credit card. Very convenient but not so much when all the alarms were going off at the same time.   Theres free wifi - however should you risk losing your device while you're in the water/sauna is the question. I arrived around 3ish and left by 7PM. I wish I had stayed longer, bouncing between the bade pools, the saunas and possibly taking advantage of their resting areas. I wanted to stretch my entrance fee ($35) charge as far as I could but I did manage to try everything in the spa. I genuinely enjoyed myself, I hope to get a gift card as a wedding gift *hint hint* However, earlier is better with this place and hopefully a day when the kids are in school, I will definitely come back.
I've been to Spa Castle thrice. It's okay but it keeps getting WORSE and WORSE... No longer can I go to the bar to get a decent drink (e.g. pina coloda); they serve only beer and wine. Not only is beer/wine forbidden in the pools, you can only have it on the floor u purchased it (the 3rd fl)... therefore, you must stay on that one FOOD floor until you have completely finished ur beer or wine [lame]. Also, they hired 2 new African American security guards... who literally serve as babysitters throughout the spa. They stand at the pools and just stare at you, follow you down to the locker rooms and even monitor you in and out of the saunas. The spa should be a place of relaxation, not as if you are being monitored by your p.o. They literally stand there and just stare at you. Last but not least, they say they close at midnight... please explain to me why they had us exit the pools by 10:40p and the saunas by 11:20p. I came late, so I expected to leave by at least 'close to midnight'... they chase you out now before it's time! Besides that, it's an okay experience... They seem to be squeezing all the fun out of that place, slowly but surely.
I just don't see the hype about this place. We went theree with the gift certificate, which was $20 each. I couldn't imagine people going there with regular price. There was really no spa service...unless you pay extra 50 to 100 bucks. The pools were so crowded and the smell of bleach really killed all my excitement. I guess they had to put extra bleach to make it look (smell) clean. This place was just kinda dirty in general. Saunas were just ok. Buffet was ridiculously expensive. Our whole family stayed there less than 2 hours and could not wait to leave. Not going back again.
This place should be called heaven on Earth. No cell phones, no money, no stress. I've been to Spa Castle on a weekend day and although it is still incredible, going doing the week is a lot better. Weekend entrance fee $40, weekday $25. Honestly, the entrance fee is worth going alone. You get access to the roof with all the jacuzzi's and pressure jets, 6 saunas and the male/female only spa sections. I was given a gift certificate for Christmas and decided to get a Swedish couples massage and although it was slightly painful, I left feeling brand new. Food is healthy and delicious as well. Takes getting used to walking around with no shoes and you can spend a lot of time aka cash while your there. Great spot.
I hope and pray to God that the owners of this establishment read the reviews and "take heed" as to what is going on in their place.  As you can see from the most RECENT reviews Spa Castle has gone waaaaaaay down since my first visit 2 years ago.  I took my son here for his birthday last Monday and was NOT pleased.  It was PACKED!!  No chairs by the pool by 11 a.m.  I found 1 chair that I was able to just put our stuff down on.  The water is filthy, disgusting and swimming with hair.  People eating ice cream cones in the pools.  I love kids, but there are just too many little ones there.  They should definitely consider an age cap!  Loud groups of women (way over their prime) acting stupid and getting drunk by 1 p.m.  One of which threw up on the floor 2 chairs down from me.  Luckily, we were on our way out the door, but with the heat of the day, it didn't take long at all for that smell of vomit to smack me in the face!  Freakin' gross!!!!  It's a spa ladies, NOT the Copa.  I am SO ANGRY and sad that this place has sunk SO LOW.  Never EVER going back again!!!!  I'm sick to my stomach that this place got 90 bucks out of me.
I came here with my husband for the first time thanks to a wedding present from a friend and wasn't sure what to expect.  I've never been to a legit bath house and wasn't sure if I would be naked, not naked or what. The strange thing is that other than the women's only spa area that's right outside the locker room, everywhere else in the spa you have to wear a "uniform" that's blue if you're a boy or orange if you're a girl and they are these big t-shirts and shorts that kinda make you feel like you are in a prison or a crazy house because everyone is walking around kinda aimlessly all dressed alike.  Once you get over that though, the rest is enjoyable. My favorite is trying out all the different massage heads in the different pool areas on the top floor and my favorite is the waterfall area in the corner where you just sit and have a ridiculous amount of heavy water fall over you, which feels AWESOME for your back and shoulders. The food is decent, though obviously a little overpriced.  My husband and I split one plate at the buffet station and paid $20 and was decently full, so wasn't too bad.  My only gripe is that we can on a weekend and the place with jam packed and had a ridiculous amount of kids that took away from the relaxing experience, so I would recommend if you can get there on a weekday, you'll probably enjoy it a lot more than on any weekend with kids running up and down and making a ton of noise.
Love this place. Very clean and relaxing. Felt like a newborn after that.
I experienced one of the best days in my life here. 15 minutes after entering the outdoor pools, my friends and our children (2 and 4) decided we already felt like we had gone on vacation. We reluctantly left after 6 hours. I am counting the moments until I can return. The facilities were immaculate. Staff was VERY helpful. The array of options and choices one has without paying any extra fees is amazing. The family friendly atmosphere was really surprising to me, and I really felt that I got some great adult relaxing time in. I can't wait to go back and will go again and again. Date night is tonight and we are on our way!!!!
$150 for roughly 8 hours of relaxation, saunas, massage (60 mins), pools, swimming outside, a decent lunch, and gossip seshs with a girl friend. Can't beat it. Staff is ok, place is new and clean. I've been meaning to go back, but it's really only good to go if you have a whole day to spend here, because you won't want to leave! I love the cool "watch" that acts as a key to your locker and your tab swiper at the same time. No need to chuck around cards or cash all day. My friend and I were a bit weary at going au natural in the same-sex whirlpools, but after a few grade-school girly giggles, off came the towels and in we went to one of the most relaxing and uninhibiting (without alcohol, of course) situations we've ever been in. Go during a weekday if you can, on a day that it's cold. It's really something you have to try once.
I went here in October of 2010 for a dear friend's birthday. Ok so I was a bit skeptical due to online reviews, but still had to attend. I was totally unprepared for this experience! Totally!! I wouldn't consider myself a prude, but this pushed my limits to another level. I arrived after the majority of the birthday partiers and upon being given a watch (to open my locker and pay for food linked to your Credit card) and uniform, I began a quest to find my friends. 1st I was reprimanded for wearing my own flip flops! You either purchase a pair, or walk bare foot. I'm flat footed, so i had to buy flip flops. This place has approximately 4-5 levels. We went on a Sunday, and it was packed. I got a great tour of the Castle, as I went up and down flight of stairs looking for my group. Because it was early October in NYC, it was too cold to enjoy the vast outdoor pools & jets. Warning, the outside pools and part of the upstairs indoor pools/bar are the only water based places for people who want to stay FULLY CLOTHED! lol! I felt like an outcast b/c I didn't want to be naked in front of tons of people or bathe in communal water!! lol! So after buying a $7 frozen yogurt and baking in a hot igloo-looking dry sauna, I went down to the locker room to use the restroom, and what do you know? I found my group in the NAKED bathing pools!! I laughed b/c they won't let you in that area if you have clothes on!! I finally gave in, b/c I had been baking for hours in various saunas, and was tired of being hot & sweaty with my bathing suit on!  It freaked me out a bit, but I was just happy to feel cleaned in the shower! Probably nicer on the weekends, and not such an awful idea (TOTAL NUDITY) if you are with a best friend, not a large group of acquaintances.
Very clean, very modern, and very cool!  The uniforms were just awful, but, after a while, you get used to them--would be nice if they upgraded all of them to those with the interesting v-neck line and not the shapeless u-neckline shirts that are huge.   Also, it would be great if the staff could ask guests to not chit chat during massages---very distracting for both the other guests having their massages, and the masseuses!   This was also an issue in the sauna rooms. I just can't understand what is so important that you have to discuss it in a 181-degree room?? By the way, Angela, who worked on my massage was amazing---I have always had foot issues, and I've never felt better.   The pools were wonderful and clean and the whole experience was very satisfying.
Took a weekday off with some friends to experience what some people were saying was the best spa experience they'd ever had in nyc, outside of an upscale spa. Upon arrival, the valet is smoking and you're unsure if you're supposed to valet or self-park. Hmm...is inhaling smoke the best way to start the spa experience? Check in:  the day pass price is ok on the weekdays.  $35 to roam the complex, try all of the saunas and pools when its not too crowded.  I imagine it getting too crowded on the weekends and not being worth the $45.  It wasn't very clear once we paid where we were supposed go next or what the process was.  Good thing I had talked to some people and read up on the place on yelp! The uniform:  Not one size fits all for sure.  And they don't really ask.  And my question is, why do we have to be barefoot and the staff does not? I imagine they walk outside in their shoes AND in the areas where people are supposed to be barefoot. The spa experience: The pools are nice and clean.  The jet streams are definitely therapeutic.  I could stay there all day.  There was some creepiness to be had with the unisex experience and some guys literally sitting by the pool watching women but whatever creepsters...you won't ruin my day.  I can see how this place adds up.  They give you a watch to pay for add on amenities (food, massage, etc) so you don't have to carry cash.  It's too easy!  And things are not cheap. Overall: Not a place I would frequent often.  The children running around was a bit much.  I think a spa is a place I got to relax and to me, kids aren't involved in that process...no offense to the parentals reading this. Sidenote: funny "shame on you" photos in the lobby of those who skipped on paying for their extras and walked out with their watches on.
They have variety kinds of spas, which is the good part. However, the food and drink there are not that good.
Great fun!
We went to the Spa Castle recently ( last Wednesday ) as we had 2 free guest tickets for 2. So we said...lets try it and see what this is all about ( 1st time there ). The place was OK and was pretty clean. The food in the self service bar was fresh and very tasty. We had salads, freshly baked Salmon, sea weed salad and few other things ( $12 per LB - as you pay per pound there ). They also have Sushi bar, soft drinks bar, etc... On the 3rd floor there is a indoor pool-bar ( kind a small ) and on the top floor - real, full bar serving all kinds of alcoholic cocktails. There is many sauna kinds to choose from and they also have an ice cave there called "Iceland". Very cold inside... As for the main outdoor pool and jacuzzi floor - it is nice but the only thing is, you can't fully relax there because of the very loud water filter ( or whatever it is ) placed in the middle of the main jets-pool. It looks like a big stainless steel boiler and it's placed in the middle of the pool, in the water and it makes so much noise. So when you want to lie down on the sunbed to rest and relax, you constantly hear that loud damn thing. The parking entrance is a single car only ( instead of 2 way entrance ). So it is a pain when you want to park and someone wants to exit the garage. You have to back up and wait till the car gets out, then you can pull in. They didn't really think about it when they were building this garage there. You will also hear many different languages spoken there from all over the world, Chinese, Russian, German, French and so on. Generally we had overall a good experience.
I used to be very excited to come here but then the last two times that I came here everything changed. They were way too many kids and loud people and also got way more dirty than before. It seems like is not a spa to rest anymore, but instead it became some sort of park or something. I decided so gave it up and would not come here anymore.
I Attended the spa for the first time today, and i must say, The best of the best when you mention spa, I have 3 kids ages 4 months, 2 and a 4 year old and they love the indoor water areas and also running around and playing with other children on the heated floor area. I literally spent  $190 dollars and husband and i had beers, fried Squid, Buffalo wings and chicken fingers along with sherlie temple, and this is also including a great chair massage given for 15 min by the trained massage specialist. I really enjoyed it and will go back.
So darn good yet so darn far. We spent a Friday evening here enjoying the amenities of Spa Castle: four stories of amusement (there is truth when one describes this as a 'theme park' with an entrance fee of $35 on weekdays) with restaurant/eatery, massage rooms, resting rooms, fitness center, outdoor pools, indoor pools, and the numerous saunas shaped differently with different temperatures.  We could easily spend a good half a day there (one whole day there would be too much for me as I like to keep busy).  At the end, my body loved me after that evening--I felt so relaxed and rested. Caveats:  Food and personal massages are not cheap.  To get there, you'd have to go to Flushing and wait for their complimentary shuttle (which gets you there in 15-20 minutes or so).
It was such a great time !! Me and my husband spent an ENITRE day here and enjoy every last bit of it ,defiantly  was alarming to see random naked people in the locker room !! But none the less it was great!
In the Sauna I go! this place is awesome for their pools and saunas. Ive been there twice and I cant wait to go again!... I like going when its cold so I can relax in their warm pools. Awesome view and good food too! My favorite is their cheese fries, you haven't had the best cheese fries ever if you haven't had theirs. ^o^
Pros: - Friendly staff. - Relaxing. Cons: - Too many damn kids! They're inconsiderate and does not understand the "no swimming signs". Also, my friend was inside the Iceland Sauna and she said there were these kids using a spoon and trying to dig into the ice. VERY SMART PARENTS. -.- -Kids shouldn't be allowed in the pools AND saunas, period! Or maybe they should have a ONLY KIDS SPOT for them to stay at. Its not smart for kids to walk inside the locker areas and see a whole bunch of naked people -.- -Food, OVERPRICED! and my friends' foods were disgusting. The buffets were better than the food they ordered. Even though I have a lot of Cons compared to the Pros, this place still deserve 4 stars :) And there should be free massages! YA KNOW?
I am constantly amazed when I meet people from NY who don't know about this place. Guys, you are missing out! This is like Six Flags for water-lovers. But unlike Six Flags, you can drink! And eat delicious Korean food! And drink! While sitting in a hot tub! Hygienic? Maybe not. Awesome? Definitely! Pro tip: the shuttle from the subway is awful. If at all possible, drive.
I love this place, although it can get a little crowded in the community area upstairs, the saunas are a great touch and there are so many of them.  The korean restraunt on the 3rd floor is pretty damn good.  I enjoy relaxing in the mineral baths but it took some adjusting to get even remotely used to being around so many other naked men.... Once i put my mind at ease that i didnt have to worry about that, than the experience was really great.  The shaving/seated shower area is a wonderful touch and you come out feeling very refreshed.
I was really skeptical at first but I wound up liking this place a lot.  It's kind of a spa factory, actually.  I'm used to the super serene small spas so I was scared of the crowds.  And boy was it crowded.  It was a holiday and school was out.  The roof top pools were packed to the gills with children but the pool jets were unbeatable.  The saunas were cool but crowded as well.  The food court is a major ripoff so I'd eat before I go.   I didn't try any of the services.  I wanted to get a scrub but all the reservations were booked.  Oh well. The saving grace was the women's only whirlpools near the lockers which had a fair amount of women but nothing like the swarm upstairs.  It was my first nude only women's pool experience and it took a little bit to get used to other womanly parts.  But then it was great once you got used to it and got over it.  I loved the 120 degree pools, so relaxing.  For about $40 a day, it's a deal.  I was fairly surprised at how clean it was, given the turnover.  I mean, it's not sterile-spotless but it was not as nasty as you'd think with like 500 people running around.  I'd come back again just for the whirlpools and skip the zoo of people.
I have been to this place twice. Honestly, it a hit or a miss with this place. My first time was great and my second time was just OK. Cons: Parking stinks around the area. Children? Really! Spa places are suppose to be calming not noisy with children running around and crying. The weekends are pretty packed. If you are not comfortable with nudity this is not the place for you. Food and drinks are overpriced. A lot of obnoxious loud people the 2nd time I went. It could have been a tad bit cleaner. There were women's pieces of weaves on the floor and in the changing area it stinks. Pros: They do have valet and vans to transfer people from and to public transportation. The design and decor of the place is beautiful. Saunas look pretty and they are clean. The jets do wonders to your body. You can spend as much time as possible. Although food is expensive, it is delicious and healthy. They have a sleeping area and many relaxing areas. Everything purchased is on your wrist watch.
I went here during the new year holiday and it was REALLY crowded. Apparently they had a special price during the high season and it cost us $45 each rather than the regular $35. Good news is that they controlled the maximum number of people in the spa, so the crowd was controlled to some extend. The facility is almost identical to that of the large "onsen" center in Japan -- if you are looking for a Japanese/Korean style spa, this is a right place to go.
Been here one time during 4th of July weekend. Bad idea cuz it was packed! but what a relaxing experience it was When you head down to the bathroom, they require you to change into the uniform, and shower all together with other people of your same sex...it was a bit weird at first, but after a while, you realize we all look the same underneath anyway There are many cold, cool, warm and hot pools that you can go into. as well as the steam and the dry heat room The co-ed part is really nice, they have different medicated steam room for you to relax in. And many choices of food options. Even bars. And they have many areas where you can just relax and lay around. And they have outdoor pools and even area for you to nap in Also there's gym and spa, where you would have to pay extra Over all, a very relaxing experience. Will be back again
I'm a huge fan of Spa Castle. But you MUST go during the week. Not only is it way more crowded on the weekend, but its $10 more to get in. I find this place really wonderful on a weekday early in the morning. The saunas are empty and there are no children screaming. It kinda feels like vacation. Mosey on up to one of the outdoor hot baths, relax and watch TV with a cold drink and then head downstairs to sweat it out in the saunas. The food is actually pretty great. My family and I all agree that the sushi is some of the best we've had. The salad bar is usually really fresh and so healthy and light for a toxin-reducing-day. I prefer going in the winter time, because not only is it refreshing to hit the hot tubs with the brisk air on your face, but the chance of children dominating the pools with their swim toys is slim to none...
Love this place! If you ever have a day to yourself and you feel that you are fatigued and need ultimate relaxation!! THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO! For just the standard experience it is not very expensive at all. If you get massages and facials and start buying a bunch of stuff than it will naturally be VERY PRICEY!! this spa has the most incredible saunas to relax and unwind in and many many many other interesting ways to relax. It is huge and beautiful and you will have a GREAT time while relaxing. You can easily spend a day there and go with your significant other, ur mom, or a small group of friends! You will leave feeling like a new person. The only negative thing i have to say is that the staff is pretty mean/rude but for the most part they mind there business and don't bother anyone.
For a semi-relaxing weekend getaway from Manhattan this is a great place to go. It's a $45 entrance fee and you get access to showers, pools, hot tubs, saunas, etc. Like most of the Yelpers said on here if you can avoid the food. It's really okay but highly over priced. I've gone in the summer when it is really packed and recently earlier this spring in March. It was still cold out and it was significantly less packed compared to the summer. Plus the hot tubs and pools were a plus during the cold weather. The place is kid friendly, which can be annoying when you're trying to relax by the pool or take a nap in the relaxation room. Overall, it's a good place to relax and come back to work refreshed on a Monday. I would say to avoid going during a school break or a weekend if you can.
Great experience a few years back.. I have been trying to find a time to return but no luck with my current schedule yet.. The different temp sauna rooms are a blast Also, go in the beginning of the year, when winter is still around.. The experience with the outdoor pools are more then enough to excite!!!
I went to Spa Castle for the first time on Friday. Any question I asked was met with a sarcastic answer by the rude front desk staff. Had to remind them it was my first time there, and I don't know the lay of the land. Once I got into the ladies locker room and 1st floor, the staff seemed much nicer. On my way out, I thought I could just hand in my lock/wristband and leave since I didn't get any extras. But, no, the front desk lady YELLED at me like a child because I needed a blue card. Again, it was my first time there and didn't know the protocol. I've been to a few spas, and usually the people who work at the front desk set the tone for the overall experience. Sadly, the two young women who worked on Friday ruined it for me. I might return when those two get fired.
I really don't understand all of these rave reviews! This place is DISGUSTING! First of all, what kind of spa allows CHILDREN?!?!?!?! A) It takes away from the relaxing experience, B) Four-year-olds should not be in a frickin' SAUNA!!!! I hated that My friends and I had to go into the pools that were obviously unclean naked. I also hated that although we were given these orange pajama like clothes to walk around in, we were expected to go barefoot. That includes going upstairs to the FOOD COURT AREA!!! They have an outdoor pool that's open year round. That's all well and good, but I was grossed out by the fact that I found a french fry floating around near me in the water. I'm sorry, but spa's shouldn't mix relaxation with fried food court food and babies. It's unhealthy and just plain nasty. Save your money and go elsewhere (especially if you're not from Queens!)
Spa is always relaxing!!! I love their pools and hot tubes on the top...A++ for that. The only thing bothers me I have to walk barefoot there..
It is dirty, you have to wear old shorts and a t-shirt, overcrowded, not enough staff, there is no way you can lay down and enjoy your time. The place is disgusting, spent there like 30 minutes and left. There is NO white people!!!
totally not the usual Korean spa I'm used to. the sauna rooms r super tiny, bathrooms r disgusting, food is not that good and the place is way too overcrowded.  never going back
Love it even though it's a hike from Manhattan. As everyone else has said, avoid weekends and school breaks. This place is kid-friendly. Avoid the food -- it's not so great and overpriced. Bring a water bottle and snacks instead. The naked section is the quietest and most relaxing. No kids and the pools are fantastic. Massages there are thorough and tip is included.
Came down for memorial day today and have to say was disappointed with the service. Ordered a private room massage at a certain time and lady brought me into the room. And that was it....for the next 10min was waiting. She returns and says "wow that was fast" Anyway, as the massage continued she probably didn't know what she doing since i came out with more pain. However, during the massage the lights were on full blast and the door was open the entire time making it very noisy. How is this a private massage?? Paid $110 and received that. Although the place is huge the service has to be better with higher standards. I would go back but NOT to the massages.
This was my second time here.  The first time was actually pretty good and it was on a weekday so there wasn't that many people at all.   Today is Saturday. The place was packed, parking was full, great! Means there's something good happening here. This time around though, I don't know if it was the crowd of inexperienced people or just plain ignorant.  Groups of women were just standing there, giggling, surprised and shocked saying, "Omg, there's naked people here."  Yes, people in the shower rooms walk around naked back and forth.  Do you shower with your clothes on???  Yes it is uncomfortable at first but no one cares.  Or at least I don't and I'm sure every other person is thinking the same thing as the next. but you gotta do what you gotta do to enjoy yourself. It was packed upstairs on the first floor.  It looked like a mess. I stepped on food, grossssssss.  There were empty bottles, plastic cups all over the place.  I went into the relaxation room on the mezzanine.  It was anything but relaxing.  The room is not sound proof and it should be.  People were so loud on the first floor and kids screaming and crying, empty cups and bottles, small towels just hanging around on the little stands they have next to each chair.  Chairs didn't work, the few that did were probably taken.  What a mess..... We decided to go upstairs to the Bade pool area.  The women's locker room was FA-REEEEZING.  I could see my own breath as I cursed how cold it was in there.  Again empty plastic cups on the counters and tables.......  Aqua bar sounded like a good idea, but once I saw food dropping into the water, that was it..... The staff was not enforcing any of the so called regulations they had especially with the uniforms. Yes there are signs about uniform areas and bathing suit areas, but people didnt care nor did the staff.  People were coming down from pool area in bathing suits and going to saunas.  Yes it's nice feeling the warmth after coming in from the freezing outdoor pool.  But does it ever occur in their heads that they're dripping wet and dripping onto the mats that other people like me sit and lie down on.  Noooo not at all. The one thing that really peeved me about this place is, on the first floor, there food.  People did not clean up after themselves, who knows what the staff was doing, food on the floor, empty cups all over.  With having so many floors,  the smart thing would have been designating one floor to food and nowhere else so areas would be kept clean. I think I had about given up on the upstairs areas.  I enjoyed my visit more in the shower rooms then upstairs.  It was the only area that was peaceful and soothing amongst this entire building.
Absolutely love this place! The bath house (1st floor) is exactly the ones in Japan! Clean venue!  Love the 3rd floor bade tub, and the green plant, felt like we were in a resort! Also, like their no outside shoes rule, make this place very clean and homey! After spending all day here, our feet weren't dirty at all, and felt rejuvenated and relax! highly recommended. The food and other services (2nd floor) were expensive though! But we felt great and relax even with the basic service, you do get your money worth compare with YMCA is charging $25 for just swimming... We would bring some books and magazines here next time to enjoy our day  even more! Four stars overall..
Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the food is overpriced and undercooked in my opinion. Other than that this place is great. Great family place, couples place, independent place, whatever. They have heated outdoor/indoor pools... hot and cold saunas.....A few relaxation sections.... bunch of eatery sections....a upstairs gym looking out at the pools. They have it all here seriously a must go. Go on off hours though because when it gets crowded it gets disgustingly crowded with nasty ass people. One last tip, watch yourself in the locker rooms......It can get scary
This is Korean styled spa, not an American spa. In the summer and weekends, expect children to be there because it is a family venue. You wear a uniform of t-shirt and shorts as you would in Korea. There is a nifty locker system where you use a watch-like key to open/lock the lockers. The locker room area leads to the nude baths which I love. You'll see a lot of old ladies, kids and women scrubbing themselves off on the side showers. There are hot, hottter and cold baths to soak in, all with jet stream massagers. The second floor are the various jade, salt, clay, color and cold saunas. American food can be purchased here. On the third floor are the outdoor pools, waterfall massage (my fave), hinoki (hot bath) and a sauna, massage chairs, paid spa services and some indoor soaking baths. Fourth floor is the Korean restaurant and a bar. I do have to say it is not as good as 5 years ago, but that's due to aging of the facilities and the sheer amount of people that visit this place, especially in the summer. They have made some changes to accommodate and attract more people like the bar, slippers and robes for purchase (i have never used any of these). Also, the quality of the spa has gone down because of SOME of the SKETCHY people who visit there, people who do not have the integrity to pay their fees and skip town, people who, according to previous reviews have sex and get drunk in the pools. I have not experienced neither, yet. Like some other reviewer said, I'm not there to make friends with the staff, they are there to hand me my towel and uniform...so let's just get on with it. I have paid $200 for higher end  spa/massage service and their services/attitudes were only slightly better. People who complain about the shuttle, it's a free shuttle, drive a car if you can't get there.
They can't seem to decide whether they want to be a respectable day spa or a water park tourist attraction.  Needs better management, to not permit children and keep away tasteless folks that are loud, crass or will bump and grind in the pools.  They need to leave cellphones at the door like Russian Turkish spas and have eucalyptus.  Otherwise, the place could have been a real gem.  You can try getting there early to see if it's better...
So this place is amazing and the facilities are fantastic - cool dressing rooms, numerous types of gorgeus saunas, indoor and outdoor heated pools, yummy korean food. But the out-of-control screaming kids everywhere were a little much. I could hear them running and yelling from inside the saunas. They splashed me in the pools. I watched one kid drop part of his hot dog in one of the indoor pools. I'm not sure where their parents were. I went on a saturday afternoon, so maybe it was crazier than normal? But unless they start having adult-only nights, I'm not sure how relaxing it will be to come back here.
I had a really nice first experience here. After reading some of the reviews I was a little nervous but overall it's a really nice place. It was pretty clean, the staff was nice enough, and the different pools/saunas were great. The food was expensive but really yummy if you like Korean food, which I totally do. They need better parking or something. I was lucky and able o get a decent spot on the street nearby but I was fairly early in getting there. On a crowded day, parking I imagine would be a nightmare. And it would be way better if there were no children!!
Thought I would share an email I recently sent to "Spa Castle". We did not use their services because the customer service we received on the phone indicated we should shouldn't bother trying. From the other reviews on here it seems like it has quite a bit to offer and the experience seems generally good, but clearly the experience varies depending on who you speak to. Submitted on their contact page earlier this afternoon (5/20/13); "Just wanted to give you a sense for why you lost out on business recently. You should make sure you spend some time with the people you hire to answer your phones. Besides frequently not answering (can't tell you how many times we called to get either a busy signal or no answer) Michelle is doing nothing to cater to your prospective clients. My fiancé called to get some general information around your Spa Packages. The emotionless and unenthusiastic voice on the other end didn't have much to offer other than "check the website". She had no information on your packages and did not seem familiar with the layout of your website, despite the fact she was certain that any and all questions could be answered by looking on the page. When my fiancé asked to speak to someone who may be able to provide additional information she was placed on hold for nearly 10 minutes before deciding to hang up and call back. When Michele answered and was asked why no one came back to pick up the phone my fiancé was told that no one was available to assist her further. Do you train your employees to leave prospective customers on the phone when they don't have an answer to their question? You are in the service industry largely selling an experience. That experience begins when your employees pick up the phone. It is for that reason you should be aware that the opinion of this potential customer is that we can expect that experience to be poor, or you just don't value the customer service skills required to make sure you can provide the level of service one would expect from your industry. It's a shame that when trying to support a local business you are treated as though your business does not matter. Message received loud and clear, we will take it somewhere that it does."
So great for an all day cheap and relaxing experience. They give you an electronic wrist band and a uniform to walk around in. The wrist band lets you purchase extras like massages. If you go on a week day it's only $35 and that gives you access to the jacuzzi rooms and 8 diff rent sauna rooms. The first floor is not for the meek or modest but still comfortable none the less.
So I've been going to Spa Castle since Oct. 2008 - and ALOT has changed. The reason why Spa Castle is getting 3 stars is because the Spa itself is beautiful.  The Jacuzzi's, Bade Pools, Steam Rooms and Sauna's are wonderful.  $40 weekday/ $45 weekend, AND  you can spend the ENTIRE day there if you wanted...and I have in the past.  I have taken 2 hour naps there....this place is AWESOME!!!   It's clean and well managed.   BUT!!  It's changed since the last time I was there (this is why they lost the other 2 stars).  No more is the refined - just want to relax and be pampered - clientele....in has come the young, rowdy bunch, looking to have a party in the Jacuzzi. Ugh, I was shocked at how "hood" Spa Castle has become.  Anyhow, at least there were no fights....oh, wait, there almost was a fight between a client and a staff member....the funny thing was - the "client" was totally in the wrong.  Spa Castle needs to class it up....and quick!!
What the fuck happened to this place? I haven't been here for over a year and it has changed so much. This place has became the epitome of low-class. What is up with the massive amount of colored people here? Every single person who walks into the door of this place looks so unsophisticated and just plain dirty. Spa Castle should live up to its name. Raise the price to $100 per person for general admission so cleaner people will come spend their money.
I was looking for a place to take my husband for a massage and I had been hearing about this spa for a while (i have alot of Korean friends) I also love the Korean scrub they give the ladies at their spas in Seoul. This place was close, cheap (not that cheap, but enough to keep the riff raff out!) and had food and lots of saunas and water places. So off we went! and we had a great day, my only complaint was, we couldnt get a massage or any extras, we should have called a few days before to book, but my friends told me not to worry, we could just sign up when we got there, but that wasnt the case. I would totally recommend this place, but book in advance!
Relaxing day...aaah! Spa Castle is still great and relaxing but make sure to get there early, after 1PM it gets crowded and it's not so relaxing, too many rude people trying to move your stuff out of the chairs, They need to enforce a capacity limit, too crowded not safe, especially if you have small children.  And yes they have a kiddie pool upstairs which is really cute.
I was finally able to try to rooftop pools and I'm still in love with Spa Castle!   On the roof there are two large pools with multiple stations, each with different types of jets.  I of course tried each jet and was pleased with most of the different stations.  The water pressure was spot on and there was good variety so that when I finally descended back down to the sauans, my muscles felt nice and loose.  There are jets that work your upper and lower back, feet, thighs, abs, neck, and shoulders.  In addition to the pools, there is a neat area tucked into the corner where you can sit on one of four stone seats and a strong jet of warm water pours down directly from above.  It was soooo relaxing.   We were lucky that we went on a beautiful day and were able to enjoy the water and the jets under the sun.  It was so perfect that afterward we went down to the relaxation chairs and fell asleep for almost two hours, woke up and did it all over again.   Spa Castle still has my heart.
This was a great place to spend a cold, winter day.   The jacuzzis, saunas, and hot rooms were all good.   Also got a shiatsu massage, which was quite good and reasonably priced.   $45 for the weekend entry pass is not cheap, but for 3+ hours there it seems like you can get quite a bit of value.   I read a lot of posts mentioning that it was a zoo on weekends.  I was concerned before going, and while it was fairly crowded one could have access to the various parts without waiting or issue.
DO NOT GO HERE!!! My husband and I went here thinking it was going to be a relaxing day at a spa. Nope! You get what you pay for. Used a voucher from Living Social. The list of what's wrong with this place is extensive...I don't know where to start. The line was long to get in... The place is managed horribly and the staff were unfriendly. We had never been there before (and never will return) but once we went in we had no idea where to go or what to do. The staff were cold, didn't smile, and snobby when I asked them what the deal was with the wrist watches, lockers, etc. upon entering the locker room I was taken back and highly uncomfortable with the amount of NUDES walking around like it was no big deal. I was so so uncomfortable. This place was packed. They handed me my "prison uniform" and I immediately felt like I was in fact, in prison, or hell. I couldn't even walk in this place as hairy naked people were everywhere. When I went upstairs, I could not find my husband because this place was so packed. I was angry, uncomfortable, and felt like my toes were gonna get infected from walking barefoot through this sesspool. The smell of this place was like going to a crappy water park. Once I found him, we went to the pool area. If no one was here this place would be better. Or at least in the pool. It was swarms of people everywhere. Loud, rude, and speaking lots of languages. Mass confusion. We spent about ten minutes in the water, then walked around to see what else there was. People were lying on floors in all the sauna and resting areas. Back to back like smelly sardines. GROSS! We went upstairs and split one entree (which we were later charged $16.00 for... Totally not worth it. Finally we looked at each other and said, "Let's get out of here!" I swear, I smelled like I had a film of filth on me. Could not wait to get home and shower. Skip this "spa adventure." The management should be ashamed of themselves.
Definitely not what it used to be. Now that this place has become "famous" it's way too overcrowded, dirty, and noisy. Obviously the weekend is the worst time to visit, you won't be able to move around the outdoor pools. There are children everywhere splashing, kicking, screaming, and running. It's almost impossible to relax unless you pay for an overpriced private massage. I used to love coming here all the time with my mom. I'll never step foot in it again.
I was having a great time until they closed and I was last one out and accidentally left my cell phone plugged up to charged.  I ran back in and it was missing.  The only one left was one worker so I asked him to give me back my cell phone he claimed he didn't see one.  Management did absolutely nothing about it.
I went to Spa Castle for a friends birthday recently. Prior to going I heard a lot of mixed reviews about the place. Needless to say I was semi-concerned about what it would be like. When you first arrive you pay a fee to get in. This fee allows you to have access to common areas (pools, hot saunas, cold room, relaxation areas). All spa services (facial, massage, manicure etc) must be purchased separately. The entire environment is very secure. They provide "watches" that allow you to purchase things and lock your belongs away. Here are my PROS: -Enjoyed my deep tissue massage (the ladies in my group felt their services were done well too. Especially the facial and attention to detail with that service). -Professional staff. -Clean facility. - Many different options for services. -Easy to make appointments for services. -FREE VALET (just need to tip the guy). - Wifi - Access to food and drink is easy (alcohol too). - There are a lot of places to lounge and chit chat. CONS -You have to wear a uniform (I haven't like uniforms since 7th grade). - There are kids (however I didn't see them often but I saw them come in with parents figure they want to be by the pools). - Sharing space is the way of life here. - You cannot wear shoes.   Overall I think the spa deserves 3 stars. It isn't a top notch 5th ave spa. However it isn't a crusty shack. One of the women in the group I was with frequents the spas in the Hamptons. She said she was satisfied with her services at Spa Castle (especially facial) and said she would go back again. Please don't let other peoples negative views of this place get to you. It's really not that bad. Go in with an open mind.
This is a great place to relax. I would recommend if you have a special one and just want to enjoy yourselves. This is located in a nice area. Valet parking. Very nice system with lockers. You get to leave your phone and wallet in the locker and you just disconnect from the city.  You feel like you are somewhere else. When I first went there I felt so lost. No phone, no wallet and no schedule. -1 star because they allow kids. Hard to get that in New York City. This location has 3 floors of amazing ways to relax yourself. By the way if you go have your spouse drive because there are couple of bars and they are very enjoyable.
I love Spa Castle, its so relaxed and calm here. The staff are friendly and polite. I love their pool on the deck, I could stay out there all day if I have to. I feel like their massages are a little pricey but maybe its because they are so good. I didn't like their salad bar too much, the food was a little cold. But over all their service was good.
Spa Castle CAN BE amazing, but it can also be a nightmare. Basically, the 2 biggest things you need to know are: 1. For the best experience, come early on a weekday. SKIP THE WEEKENDS here, or you greatly increase the chance of having your relaxation ruined by screaming kids running around, and "adults" who are Proud To Be Too Loud. 2. Eat before you come, everything is expensive. Also, my girlfriend and I got a couples massage, which was indescribably wonderful. If you're there, and Connie is available, BOOK HER, she's incredible.
I've been here many times over the past two years. What I really liked about it was the cleanliness and the sense that I was in an actual spa in Korea. Sure, the food on the main floor is more "college dining hall", but the Korean food on the top floor is always very good. Nevertheless, my perception changed the last time I was there. After leaving one of the jacuzzi pools in the men's sauna, I was showering and noticed something absolutely disgusting - sticky clumps of ejaculate all over my body. I was so grossed out and horrified that I washed for a good 20 minutes. I then dried off and found a manager. When I told him, he was grossed out as well. He asked me if I saw who did it. Wha?!!! In an all-male naked environment, it could have been anyone. He just looked in to the enclosed area from the door - I'm not sure for what, as if he was going to catch the culprit among all the men wading up to their shoulders in water. He didn't seem concerned otherwise, or apologetic. Seeing several young boys playing in the area, I was surprised to see that the jacuzzi was not closed to clean. I cut my day short and quickly left. So much for a relaxing day off. When I first started going to Spa Castle, there were mostly Korean men and boys, with Korean staff constantly cleaning and checking to see if you need a scrub (or just making eye contact and nodding hi if they didn't speak English). The overall sense was that this was a professional spa environment. The last couple of times I have been there, the staff is increasingly less Korean, and the english speaking staff is grouped together talking by the cash register in the locker room. Meanwhile, the jacuzzi/steam room area is more cruisy. It happens; it's NYC. Realistically, I'm not sure what could have been done. Maybe more staff presence in the locker room like before? Maybe closing the jacuzzi to clean? Maybe a refund for the horrible experience? If you create a secluded environment that permits nudity, there needs to be a game plan for situations like these.
I just went today first time. Heres is my experience. Valet parking full but I was able to find parking around. Front desk was friendly. After that the locker room staff  - non existence(All hiding) No one around desk for questions and when you see one they either were not helpful or don't want to be bother. Answer 1 question is a lot of work for them. Rude,Attittude and not friendly at all. (all of them in mens locker room).  The bouncer was more courteous then them believe it or not. Now even tho valet was full I expect  a lot of people on saturday but inside is really not crowded on most places and was decent amount of room to relax - Pool,sauna,bar,all eat area. After 9:00pm is when its fun, like 5 people upstairs on the pool/jacuzzi. Me and my wife feels like vip. Got the whole floor ourselves. We left at 12:00am almost. Overall exp. 3 of 5.  Fun day. Locker room staff minus-100 if theres such a number. I would fire them all if they work for me. In terms of cost $45 for entry. Food was in the $10 to $25 range. Drinks in the $10 to $20. Buffet/sushi and korean restuarant. If not for the locker room staff (if you call them staff) it would be 4 of 5 stars experience. The whole reason I make such a big deal is because when you go inside you don't know what to do. why or where to go? locker and watch how it works? why 2 lockers?
Spa Castle is the place to come if you want to have the amusement park style Korean spa experience.  I've been twice and would go more often if they had a shuttle that ran from a central location in Manhattan.  Both times I have gone have been with people with cars as it is located in Queens.  I would still come here as opposed to any of the other Korean spas they have in Manhattan as those are really half-ass and if you are going to do the Korean spa thing, you should do it right whether it is here or at King Spa in NJ, which provides a more authentic old school jim jil bang experience.   In fact, I've talked to a lot of masseuses in the city about this place and they usually tell me they love coming to this place when they want to unwind with their own families.  It is an affordable and very kid-friendly place and I remember finding myself competing with the little kids in the outdoor circular-shaped cold pool for swimming space.  LOL. Most of the adults seem to like to hang out in the outdoor hot tubs or the various sauna rooms and they also have fun waterfall showers outside.  I particularly love it on winter nights when it is cold or there is snow outside and you can relax in the hot tubs and appreciate the temperature contrast.  There are also various hot salt rooms, an infrared room and an ice room.  You easily charge any add-on treatments and food to this wristband that they give you that also serves as your locker key.  You need to try the baked eggs and shaved ice, in particular, but they also have a full-fledged Korean restaurant on the top floor. I usually spend like five or six hours at this place at a time and come home feeling thoroughly relaxed and all glowing.  :)
Great place.  I went there earlier today for the first time and simply love it. I got the scrub + massage, and it was a dream! Definitely will go back!!! This place is huge, something you can't find in NYC. Looking forward to go there again!!!!!!
I had a good time here.  Great place to relax.  Weekdays are probably better, less crowded.  I love the jet pool and the different positions the jets are placed.  Didn't try the food as we think it's a bit over priced.  The poosl on the first floor is nude only (separated by gender), but outdoor pools are co-Ed and swim suit is required.
I loved it ! Relaxing Sunday. This has become my new go-to spa. I know it's very commercial due to their volume of customers, but it's everything I've been looking for in a spa none the less.  I like their sister spa (king spa) as well but the GWB has tainted our relationship $13 toll plus gas is A LOT! I recommend Soa Castle to everyone who is on the fence about it. You won't be disappointed.
Worst place ever, it's very low class has changed in the past couple of years. Expensive, rude.  They stole my purse from the locker room, the managers response, read sign, we are not responsible.  Oh and all of their restaurants have C's,  Great food if you like flies on it.
Amazing place to relax and unwind. Went with my boyfriend and he loved it because he could have a drink at the bar while I had my facial! There are pools everywhere with different temperatures for whatever ailment you might be experiencing. They have a great sushi restaurant and hot tubs and swimming pools outdoor. Not the fanciest place but great for the money.
When I read most of the reviews complaining about drunk people I expected to see drunk people there, but didn't. So I thought wow so I guess there's not that many drunk people that come here. And as we were going to the parking lot to get our car we saw an ambulance and a police car. Turns out 2 drunks were fighting on the street moments ago! Regardless, if you're looking for a spa to relax after work, this is the right place for you. They work until midnight which is great! Usually there is less people in the evening around 6-7 pm. The only thing that sucks is that the hot tub was packed. But then a lot of people left the spa and we could finally go in at 10ish. I, personally, am not a fan of saunas so I only went into one the 138 degree one and didn't enjoy it much. There's a 61 degree room as well where I went after the sauna. It's pretty chilly. Didn't try the food, even though I'm a fan of Korean food, it's just too expensive. One thing you have to remember is to BRING A TOWEL, because they charge you if you want to rent one.
Not as bad stated by many reviews. I can see it getting packed when the weather is nice. All facilities were nice to use . Expect nudity. I don't mind going barefoot because of house rules but so should the employees. Overall decent experience with my husband.
Nice Family Place and Fun place.  Not the swanky spa experience most New Yorkers think of but still a great place to visit and have fun.
I really like the idea of Spa Castle! The saunas, the layout, the pool all nice! The execution... Not so much! The floors feel like you are walking on a film and they take away your shoes even if they are sandals. They give you a uniform and make you rent the robe and slippers but even that doesn't feel sanitary. I just didn't feel like it was clean enough. I had a shiatsu massage and the little lady really worked my back out! She used her feet and all! Honestly, the place is a dream... Until the parents bring their kids then it's a nightmare! After my massage, I got some lunch and tried to relax some more but there were at least 2 dreaming children and kids running all over the place. Mind you I went on a weekday! How are you supposed to relax in that environment? I don't think of screaming kids when I think of a day at the spa. I work with children and love them but they shouldn't be at this establishment. The nude bathing pools in the same sex area were really great but after seeing a nude 5 year old around all these adults who were not her family and also nude, I was a bit creeped out. Lastly, I went up to the pool on the third floor and didn't get to enjoy it because it was full of kids... I went to the swim up bar and pool and was asked to show my wrist band... I didn't have one... Apparently, when you come in the front desk staff are supposed to ask you for your ID... They did not and as a result I did not buy any drinks. No one wants to go all the way back down three flights for a wrist band. I watched the bartender turn away several others for the same reason. Finally, I took a nap in the relaxation room where no one under 16 is allowed and that was nice. I would go back but on a weekday when school is in session.
Love this place. Cheap and I love everything is swiped onto a watch thing and paid at the end. I always get the robes its worth it... I love that place
This place is what you make of it. I went with friends who were expecting a high-end spa, which is not what it is. If that is what you are looking for I wouldn't recommend it. If you want to spend a day at the pool then this is definitely for you. If you  don't want to spend extra money besides the admission fee then  you are basically going for  the pools. The outside pool reminded me of the baths I've been to in Europe.  The outdoor pool is open in the winter. It's heated and it is totally worth the quick run through the cold air to be in a rooftop heated pool. The indoor pools were warm, although not particularly hot. We enjoyed sitting at the pool bar, which is actually inside one of the pools. The drink prices are outrageous but you can put all your expenses on a waterproof watch they give you when you come in. This also serves as a your locker key so you don't have to carry anything around all day. There are a lot of rules and procedures at this place. As a first time visitor it definitely takes a bit of getting used to and it is easy to break the rules especially on a crowded day when no one really has time to explain them to you. We went this week, during the holidays, and it was very crowded with families and kids. We waited in a long line to get in and then we were shuffled off to a locker room without much info. Be warned, the staff will yell at you if you unknowingly break their many rules.  I literally got dragged out of the shower because I had my bathing suit on and was trying to rinse off before leaving. I hadn't spent any time in the nude area but just assumed the showers (which are at the entrance to that area) were open to anyone since those were the only showers in the building. The majority of the people at the showers wore bathing suits so I followed the lead of the others who were there before me. I was quite surprised when some lady literally grabbed me and dragged me out! There are nicer ways to ask a person to leave and I would have happily accommodated had I known. Likewise, when we first walked into the locker room and were being directed to get our "uniforms" we got yelled at for still having our shoes on. We had assumed that our shoes could be taken off when we got to our locker but this was clearly not the case. Maybe on a less crowded day this info would all be communicated properly but I didn't really appreciate the way we were being informed of these rules. While I really liked the pools and the $3 massage chairs I can't say I found this place relaxing. I didn't care for the rules  and uniforms nor the general attitude of some the staff. If you're going for a day at the pool then  I think this place is great. However, if you're looking for relaxation I think there are better alternatives.
An absolute behemoth of a spa.. After my initial visit, I've decided to basically reserve this place for the out-of-towners who want to see something different. Spa castle caters to everyone, so it's a mix of good and bad. Some rooms are overcrowded; see: the swim-up bar, outdoor spas and nap room. Others just have too much commotion; see: the sauna rooms. While it's unfair to attribute that to the facility, since it's in fact the guests who are unaccustomed to sitting in a sauna, I can't help but think this place should undergo a makeover and have a loyalty or regular guest program featuring off-hours and preferred treatment options. (Couldn't the upstairs lounge be repurposed to meet exactly this offering?) Ofcourse the space, decor, and atmosphere are about as relaxing as being on the inside of a large deprivation tank with baby cherubs fanning you with giant feathers. So, you know, it's got that going for it.
We had an incredible time! The only negatives were: 1 - No flip-flops allowed anywhere, not on the icy walkways near the heated pools, and not in the showers -- the floors may look clean, but that's how people get plantar warts! 2 - When you sign your name to purchase snacks and drinks, everything is written in Korean.  So you really don't even know what you're signing (assuming you do not read Korean!) Other than that, it's really fun.
Don't waste your money! I don't know what happened to this place, it's gotten really ghetto. It's absolutely disgusting now. Loud, crowded, no towels, with teenagers run around. Not relaxing at all.
LOVE this place and send all my loved ones here when they are in town. Worth going early or at otherwise not busy times. My girl Emily brought me here and I am hooked. LOVE the pools in petal outlay with ascending temperatures as you bathe clockwise. Love the  jet pool where each underwater lounge chair shape has various trigger point jet massage. Each chair is different and if you make your way around entire pool all trigger points will be worked.  I was there on a cloudy day and we spent quite a while on roof in hot tub under the soft cool rain, it was dreamy.  My favorite part though was the salt scrub!  WILD and wonderful. I am a big woman and when I saw the tiny women in bikinis who work you over I was skeptical for about  15 seconds because they are STRONG and do a wonderful job of exfoliating anything from your body that is not healthy glowy skin. Not cheap but worth every penny in my book. I also love how they throw the warm big buckets of water on you to rinse after the almost violent scrubbing.  Very fun and leaves you tingly and refreshed. The only thing that I felt was not perfect was... we both had a facial and it too was pricey. I don't  mind paying the price for great work and I myself work in the spa industry so can tell you what good work is... the facial technicians seemed bored and unattached to their work.  We were both left in room alone for various amounts of time when they would put whatever on our face. I think Im spoiled because the spa where I work the facialists  are sublime and are working every minute of your hour and half in chair either with scalp or neck or  chest work and they also work on your hands and feet if waiting for a creme or lotion to set or do its work. Here they gingerly touched our faces while working and left us alone a lot. My guess is  owner and management does not know this because everything else is  SO Great. Bring the Bar up on facials and it will be perfect:)
This place is comparable to the "saunas" in korea or the "spas" in Japan... except for the fact that there are gringos who blatantly stare at you. And yes, there are kids who run around screaming at the top of their lungs.
Heard so many great things about this place.but soo overrated.not even going to waste my time going into detail reviewing this dirty place.Their burgers and chicken fingers taste like plastic. No problem paying for the food but I expect to get mt moneys worth which i didn't.
Sorry, but if I wanted to watch yelling kids and get kicked by them while they were swimming I would go to my cousin's house. At least I know those kids.  This is a SPA not a playground, but yet it is treated as such.  You are not going to relax.  Parents of kids let the kids run around and jump into pools (not allowed), swim in the pools (not allowed) and who knows what else.
This place is great for dates or to chat with girlfriends. You can go to different sauna rooms together. You can eat, relax, sweat, eat again, read, and the cycle repeates. You can do anything you'd lke here. Give yourself at least four hours for this place. It is a big facility and offers many great services.   This is probably the best Korean Sauna in the east coast. I'm usually reluctant on going out so far to Flushing, but I've decided to come out here just to visit this facility. One downside is that I think it could be a little cleaner.  Perhaps the food could be better.   I received the full body scrub and massage as I usually do when I go to korean saunas. This one has met my expectations.  I've missed going to korean saunas ever since I moved to NY and I'm glad to have found this place.  It isn't as great as the LA or the OG korean ones, but it was satisfying enough.
My husband is from Korea, we have been going here for years, before it became a popular attractions.  Boy has this place gone really down hill.  It is gross, dirty, overrun with people, the staff is rude and the whole experience is like going to a bad college break in cancun.  It is sad.  It use to be a great family place, clean and a nice space to go.  Now people wander around in shoes (gross), lay on top of each other like it is a brothel, walk around half dressed in the saunas.  The floor of the pool is covered in filth from people dropping stuff in there.  I will not go back.  We use to go at least once a month as a family.  I will not risk exposing them to germs from over populated pools that are not clean.  The owners only see money and have sold out to pack as many people as they can in there.  Not a pleasant place to go.  Not a clean place either.
The place is definitely gorgeous, loaded with amenities (awesome saunas and the waterfall was fantastic) and a great escape from the city, but it also most certainly has it's flaws. ! They don't take American Express ! Thought I'd warn some prospective customers ahead of time because that little surprise seriously put a dent in my plans and prevented me from purchasing a good amount of other things while I was there. (Luckily I had another means of paying admission or else I would have gone all the way there for nothing. They really need to let people know that they don't accept Amex on their website.) If they were smart, they wouldn't alienate Amex card members just because they don't want to pay Amex's notoriously slightly higher vendor/merchant transaction fee. With their staggeringly high prices once you pay admission, ex. overpriced drinks ($14 is the cheapest cocktail with absolutely no drink specials. -____-) and sky-high priced treatments (most massages/facials were well over $100), they can obviously afford Amex's transaction fee in order to accomodate their card members. Also, the "You must wear this (heinous) uniform" and "You must go barefoot" rules were strangely militaristic and weird. And by the way, that latter part is not safe or sanitary in the least, ex. slippery marble staircases all over that place / bathrooms. The Health Department should probably reevaluate.
I've been there two times already, and really like it! Will definitely come back again. As minus, too crowded on Sunday! Line to the register to enter and to exit as well.
My husband and I went to Spa Castle last Saturday as our Christmas presents to each other and a needed time alone together. We had a great time! I was scared by some of the reviews but I realize that you just have to know what to expect. Frist of all yes there are naked people in the locker rooms, but just do what you have to do and get out if you are uncomfortable, you can go to the nude same sex pools or just get dressed and go upstairs to the coed area. I was really nervous about the barefoot only thing but the truth is that you don't need to be barefoot, you can either wear socks or buy the flip flops at the spa for $5 which we did and it was great. The whole spa was really clean and comfortable. We had a great couples massage and then we went upstairs to the pool. It was snowing so we couldn't go to the outdoor pool but we went to the indoor pool with the swim up bar and it was very relaxing. We got to the spa at 10 and at about 1 it started to get more crowded but it is such a big place that I didn't feel like it got too loud or annoying. We had the buffet for lunch which is was decent. Then we had express facials that were great and then went to the saunas. I read bad reviews about the saunas but we had a good experience, yes people were talking but it wasn't loud annoying conversation and it made me feel comfortable talking to my husband. There were some kids through out the spa but again they didn't bother us.
It actually breaks my heart to see how this establishment has gone on a downward spiral over the years. I discovered the spa back in 2008, when it was actually a spa and a nice clean place to relax. Over the years however, the change has been depressingly drastic and I have always left with the thought in mind that this would be my last visit. I kept going back in hopes of seeing improvements, but sadly I was always disappointed and this last time was the last straw. First change I noticed was the price increase. While I understand this occurs often in any business, hiking the price up in return of a sub par service is not ok. I made my way into the indoor jacuzzies where the water was so nasty you could see a dark foam of filth and hair floating. Years ago I was able to relax there and watch some tv while I had a soothing jet on my back. This time, no tv just empty holes on the wall, a broken jet that screetched so loud my ear drums cringed, and an uncomfortable encounter with the floor "security". After seeing how disgusting the water was and the lovely working jet, I made my way into the next pool with the juice bar. As I walked into the pool I ate a cookie thinking I would order a smoothie afterwards. As soon as I sat down to look at the menu, a huge guy in black comes from behind and just stands there staring at me. I was confused as to why he was there and what he wanted. With all the loud screaming jets in the background I was unable to hear what he was mumbling so I continued to look at the menu. Minutes later I turn around and this guy is STILL there. I get up and lean over the pool to ask him what the problem was. He tells me he saw me eating at the pool bar and I need to be escorted out of spa castle. I was baffled! I explained I had a cookie in my mouth, I'm about to order a smoothie from the poolside bar. He wouldn't have it and just stood there staring at me and my guest. We finally got tired of being harrased got out of the pool to leave. This guy was such a CREEP instead of giving us some privacy to get out of the pool and dry up, he stood there watching us till my friend was felt violated enough to shoo him off. Aside from this we were faced with more ridiculouness that made us wonder what incompetent clown is managing this poor place to the ground. The bar upstairs was EMPTY, all the bartender could make was vodka with minute maid lemonade for $14 buks because as she stated "we don't even have cranberry juice, managment can't make orders". We go downstairs to order food, this younge Spanish girl with glasses behind the counter made us wait a good 10 minutes to take our order because she was busy writing stuff down. An annoyed custumer on the line called her out on it and this girls' sass and attitude back at the customer was unbelievable, I've never witness someone so incredibly RUDE to their customers!! The list of insanity that I encountered that day is too long and I'd be here all day, but being harrased and kicked out for eating a cookie was just ridiculous. This is the end of my loyalty as a customer there, I will NEVER be visiting that crap hole again! I'll be taking my money eleswhere.
This review is just for the regular admission features of the spa. I went for a birthday party on Easter Sunday so it wasn't too crazy busy. For $45 (weekend price) you have access to the lower level nude pools/sauna/steam room, the 2nd floor coed saunas, food service, and various relaxation areas, and the 3rd floor outdoor pools and hot tub. There's also a workout facility and bar/restaurant on the 4th floor. The drinks and food are pricey but that's not really why I was there so it didn't really matter to me. For not getting any massages, the tubs with jets and the cool tub with the overhead shoulder massage spray made me feel great. We stayed from 4:30 until about 10:30 and I was exhausted afterwards. I probably should have drank more water and not Blue Moon. The nude pools didn't really faze me and I found it more relaxing and quiet than other areas because there were no unruly Korean children screaming and opening up the sauna doors like on the 2nd floor. A group of obnoxious Euros came into the area with their suits on and proceeded to yell and be annoying. My friend told on them and an employee made them leave. Good, back to quiet and relaxation. Luckily we had friends with cars so the commute wasn't bad at all.
Went today for the first time. Here are my observations. Several of these things were not mentioned in prior reviews that I read: 1: Go early on a weekday-- was not very crowded, saunas and hot tubs had lots of space 2: The sushi was fine at $10-$12 per roll; the buffet looked unappealing  & expensive 3. We were constantly going from bathing suit to uniform to nude- not very relaxing; a robe would have been nice 4. There is a fitness center on the top floor you can use for an additional $5; but we could not use it because we did not bring sneakers; everyone says no shoes allowed, so we didn't bring shoes -- wish I knew this prior 5. The 60 min body scrub/massage was a great value at $95; it is actually a body scrub, a great massage, a mini-facial, and a head treatment all in one; they wash your hair at the end; SO beware if you have Keratin in your hair and can't use just any shampoo; and get this service at the end of the day, so that you are not going into hot tubs after your hair has been washed and conditioned; but beware you are nude and exposed in spread eagle positions while they scrub you down in a very public area 6. There is wireless available for your laptop or ipad, etc. 7. About 80-90% of the patrons there today were Asian 8. No one was giving us any information after we paid our $35 entrance fee. Intitially we couldn't find the little towels they give you; we didn't know whether to wear our bathing suits under the uniform they give you; we didn't know what to carry around with us, etc.; everything I learned I got from these reviews. Overall an interesting experience - I liked the various saunas and hot tubs. And the body scrub/massage was fantastic. I did not like walking around up the stairs through the food areas etc barefoot. And it was odd going from a bathing suit in the rooftop pool to putting your uniform back on, now that you had a wet suit. The nude locker room/hot tub area was fine and a non-issue for me.  Don't know if I'd return too soon though.   For the money, would have liked a little more personalized service.
What happened to this place in the last 4 months?!?!  Ugh! Where do I begin? 1. What happened to all the Korean food at the buffet?! I felt like I was a buffet in Central New Jersey! French fries?! Hamburgers?! Chicken wings?! WTF?! BRING BACK THE KOREAN FOOD! 2. The Korean food on the 3rd floor is HORRIBLE. NO KIMCHI?! PAY FOR EXTRA RICE?! REALLY? 3. There were so many kids in the place! I felt like I was in the Lord of the Flies. I can understand the kids being too young and dumb to read, even the 12-14 years old, but the parents too? There are signs that clearly states, NO SWIMMING. I guess they need to put up more signs that states, NO CANNONBALLS, NO HORSING AROUND, NO SCREAMING, NO SPLASHING. NO KICKING MALES GUESTS IN THE BALLS, 2X! I got kicked in the jimmies 2x by the same kid. All the dumb mother could say was, no swimming, no yelling, I'm sorry. Sorry only works on the first kick. The mother should have thrashed the kid on the second one. This kid wasn't the only problem. Another kid thought it was a good idea to jump off the mushroom umbrella. His parents thought it was cute. Then there was a trio of overweight teenage boys. The 3 Stooges thought this was their personal Olympic size swimming pool and used it for laps. Again, the parents stood their taking pictures. I hope water got into their phones. Then there was the school of teenage girls. Shoot me. Apparently they've never been in water. I assumed this from all the shrieking that they did for a solid 45 minutes. I know because I stared ahead at the clock by exit. 4. The place is a SPA. Not a water park. SPA. I've been going since the beginning. I never put it on Yelp because frankly I didn't want to share this place. SEE ABOVE FOR REASONS NOT WANTING TO SHARE. Where have all the polite Asians gone? You go into one of the saunas and you'll find ppl chatting it up like its a bridge tournament. Or teenage kids on their cellphones. WHY THE FCK ARE KIDS IN A SAUNA!? People pay a lot of money to go there to relax. I didn't relax. I felt like my senses were under assault. Kids in diapers in the pool?! 2-5 years old in the pool?! YOU CAN'T TELL ME THESE KIDS ARE TAKING A PISS AT SOME POINT!! Rudeness. This has become the norm. When I first started going to these Korean spas the beauty of it was that it was different. Tranquil. Peaceful. Quiet. Respectful. Clean. People respected each others space. Now its like Times Square! This place is RUINED! I'm paying more for less! I really have to reconsider going back. I mean I can get that treatment at a public pool and that's about 40 bucks cheaper. I would love to see hours when kids are allowed and by kids I mean from a 2 month old like I saw yesterday to 25 years old. I propose kids hours should be from 10am to 2pm, then GET THE FCK OUT. Post more signs pointing out the obvious and post it in 50 languages if you have to. Oh yeah, put up a sign in the dining area to inform ppl that they can't put their filthy smelly feet up on the tables where ppl are going to eat. SAVAGES! no drinks allowed in the pool area. A bunch of 21 year old boys thought this was spring break in Fort Lauderale with some of them spilling their drinks in the pool. Didn't those drinks come with covers!? I know I'm forgetting something. It could be because I'm still traumatized.
I don't understand this morbid obsession with the uniforms! They don't offer uniforms to imprison you, it's a SERVICE. I'd rather the uniform than having to lug a t-shirt from home here, then bring it back sweaty from the sauna.  I'm sure the spa would prefer not to spend money on keeping up and washing uniforms constantly too. And yes, the uniforms are hideous - who gives a flying fart as long as it does its job - uh...clothing you from nakedness? If you were expecting Escada, sorry, wrong neighborhood - perhaps you can try the Canyon Spa Ranch? And with the keys - who cares if you are 'reduced' to a number for two hours of your life? It's for expediency. I'd sure as hell rather charge things to a wristlet than fumble with change and bills (which I'd probably lose which lying down in one of the saunas anyway) weighing down my pocket. And as for the rules?  Showering before entering the common baths is a common courtesy. No one wants to be sharing what you dragged in, hidden in the crevices of your body. If you feel, like omg, so oppressed by it all - scrub your own back at home.  It's pretty simple - you wash up, butter yourself up in the warm, toasty saunas, go for a dip, maybe get a massage if you want to pony up the cash and just relax. If you think you can do all this at home at your Olympic sized swimming pool in your back yard, be Spa Castle's guest (and mine, I prefer the place nice and empty). And finally the nakedness. Get over yourself. NOBODY is looking at your body, your cellulite, your belly roll because the middle aged Korean women busy scrubbing their own bodies don't give a shit. Seriously, unless you are a traumatized teenage girl - it's high time to be a little more comfortable in your skin. The only downsides are the noisy kids (go on a weekday) and the water. (I smuggle a bottle in)
I loved this place.  Reading the negative reviews I realize that those people expected it to be more of a New Age type Spa but it's the coolest Asian/European bath house I've ever been to.  There are four floors each one with different jacuzzis and saunas and services.  When you arrive, you pay $30 to enter. You get a wrist band that's electronic and can get wet. Men and Women each go their own way.  The locker rooms are not unisex.  In the Women's locker on the ground floor are lockers first for your shoes and then a separate locker for your clothes.  They give you a uniform: pink and orange tee shirt and shorts plus 3 small towels.  You cannot wear shoes inside anywhere.  But the place is so incredible clean you won't care.  So this level is the naked bath house.  It's women only.  Men are in their own private section.  This is the only floor where you cannot wear a swim suit. There are walls of showers, sitting showers, a half dozen different temperature jacuzzis with tiled seats and jets plus a couple of saunas.  Outside the bath house part are lounges everywhere.  Plus there are blow dryers, shampoo, scrubs etc etc etc.  Amazing.  Again this is the Women's locker room.  In order to go up stairs to the other floors, you put on the uniform over your swimsuit.  Everyone is in a uniform.  No on is walking around in swimsuits.  Next floor up is the food court (fresh salad bar, fresh sushi, Italian sandwiches, a juice bar, ice cream etc),   more saunas (about 6 or 7 gorgeous-each one different: there's light therapy, salt saunas, very hot, not so hot, infrared lights, jade, gold.  You wear your uniform in the unisex saunas.  It seems odd but it's very comfortable.)  Plus this level also has the massage areas: you can have private massage (request it) or  semi public, hand and foot massage plus a hair salon, nail salon etc.  Next floor up has another restaurant, several more pools and then top is outside heated pools with views of the Whitestone Bridge.  If you want to spend the day for $30 you can.  I got a private one hour massage - GREAT.  Checked out the naked womens' bath house (felt very comfortable which I wasn't sure I would) and then tried out several different saunas and ate fresh sushi and salad bar which also had very fresh fruits, veggies, etc.  The place blew me away.  The cost for all I sampled and tried: $114.  I was there for several hours and the  cost includes tips and taxes.  You don't carry money.  The wrist band is like a credit card.  You pay up when you leave.  I parked on the street but there's free valet parking if you want.  If you want to relax, you can but the place is huge and there are people everywhere.  I'm sure on weekends (I went during the week) it's a zoo.  But I loved it.  For $30 it's worth going with an open mind and checking it out.
I've been there twice this year and it's time to write a review. It's a great way to relax and have some fun in the water. It's definitely a unique activity for the NYC area. There's so much to do there, you could easily make a day of it. Plan on spending at least 2 hours there to experience a little of everything and to get your money's worth. I highly recommend going on a weekday or a weeknight. They are open late, so go after work. And bring friends of the same gender, the more the better! Yes, there's an entire area with hot tubs, saunas, massages, etc where you are REQUIRED to be be naked. It's very enjoyable and the most relaxing and quiet area of the whole place. But if that's not your thing, then skip that area. There are plenty of other things to do! If you go with a bunch of same-gender friends, just get over your modesty and enjoy the experience. The other floors have a variety of pools, saunas, and services. You will definitely enjoy these too. Yes, there will be kids there. Yes, people will be talking and even annoying. Not much you can do about that other than ignore them. A couple tips: -follow the rules.  There are a ton of rules posted all over the place. Just follow them. They aren't there to annoy you, just to make the experience efficient and smooth. -eat/drink before you go. They check bags so don't bring in food or water. There's a two drink (alcohol) maximum per person. The food also isn't the best looking. You don't want to be distracted by a gnawing hunger pain while trying to enjoy the hot tubs. Also, you'll get dehydrated pretty quick in the sauna. So, definitely hydrate and eat before going. -plan ahead. The 7 train is a long ride to Flushing. Also, the shuttle is great, but small, and it only runs at certain times. They love to follow the rules so even if the shuttle is full, it will not leave until the scheduled time. If you're going on a weekend, don't be surprised if it's busy. Enjoy!
This place was real clean and beautiful when it first open i went there every week becuz it was such a nice place n clean!!!!! n now I have ppl complainning how dirty tis place is.. and I had skin allergic reaction to the water!!! they need to follow up with cleaning the water!!!
korean spas never been my choice, but i did go there several times since many people i know liked it a lot. its a big place and clean, but can get really crowded. i do not like the idea that a person must wear outfit while in saunas because i always went and go to russian banyas where you must wear swim short only for men. have not been there since 2010. it is a long delayed review, but wouldnt go back
Really enjoyed myself here, was my first time at a spa. There's plenty of sauna rooms and going into the ice room afterwards is amazing. Very relaxing place, spent the whole day on a napathon. Men's bath has a lot too, after you get past the slight awkwardness of it all. Lots of dong. The food at the restaurant on third floor was amazing. I highly recommend the jade room and ice room. Overall great place for a decent price. Come early during the weekday and the place is mostly all yours!
Can't wait to go back!  The place is very clean and has everything you need to spend a day there for some great R&R!  It is definitely worth the entrance fee and prices inside seem fair, not cheap or too expensive. It is too bad that in NYC you can't go somewhere to get ultimate relaxation.  Most people will not follow the quiet rules so don't expect them when you go.  There were groups of people talking or people on their cellphones in the sleeping room!  The sleeping room!?
Couldn't ask for more!!! GREAT SPA
The Internet made it very tough to decide whether or not it was worth it to check this place out. Luckily, my experience here was, for the most part, a favorable one. My girlfriend and I came here with the assumption that it was basically going to be like going to the beach without the sand, and for the most part, that's how it felt. Don't go here expecting 5-star treatment, especially on the weekend. That's not the kind of place this is. I'll be coming back, although probably on a weekday.
This place is pretty cool. this place is like an adult water park. there are some kids, and its a little annoying to see some PDA couples sucking face next to you. Is pretty crowded, but an overall interesting and good experience. I don't know if I would go back since it was near impossible to get there unless you had a cab or if you live in queens... but seriously, who the hell lives in queens? hah kidding. not really. its korean owned so the korean food is solid and very good. Since you are not allowed to bring ANY outside food or water I was nervous that they would charge up the arse for a botle of water sweating your ass off in the saunas, but water is free and its not tap! they have those litle water coolers everywhere and its cold and clean! awesome. The food prices are also very good so this place is overall very friendly. theres also a separae place to drink alcohol in the pool and they have a bar next to the pool. Reminds me of vegas by 1% but hey, its still fun. note, if you want to drink, alcohol show your id at the lobby counter to get a purple wrist band. i was not in the mood to go all the way back to my locker, change then go to the lobby and get a wrist band to go all the way back to the locker, change again and upstairs for just a beer!
I think this place is misunderstood, and for good reason: its name is misleading. According to any accepted knowledge and/or dictionary, Spa Castle is anything but a spa. Do not go excepting any spa treatment, service and/or ambiance; you'll be extremely disappointed and possibly angry. What it really is, in my opinion, is a spa-esque amusement park. Much like 6 Flags or any mall in the country, you come in with the kids and family, or a group of friends (the more people the better) you spend the day, and a lot of money, indulge at overpriced food courts and call it a day. If you can master the art of relaxation on your own, ignore hundreds of kids being kids, teenagers opening and closing the door to the jade sauna just the check the inside temperature, or adults chatting loudly next to you in the gold sauna, then you'll be fine. Really. I managed a few awesome minutes of pure relaxation. I'm afraid I can't say anything about the apparently much dreaded naked area, aka the "indoor spa". By that time I was officially grossed out and just wanted to spend some quiet time in the steam room, shower, and head out. Nothing against nakedness, but really... I was convinced I was asking for trouble. The place is okay clean, saved from hair on the floor (but I guess you can't avoid this unless you're mopping every five minutes), people seem to be enjoying the food a lot (everybody is eating...which is weird to me...pool, sauna, steam room, and...food?), the shuttle is super convenient, and the subway ride from the city, well, possibly the most relaxing part of the whole Spa Castle experience.
Very glad to have Spa Castle in the neighborhood! It is fair to say that the admission price is reasonable considering the number of unique facilities available at this resort. There are eight indoor sauna rooms at what they call Sauna Valley and four outdoor spa pools on the rooftop. The biggest con about this resort is the overpriced food selections at their food court. My favorite sauna experiences were Gold Sauna, Himalayan Salt, Infrared Zone, Far Infrared Sauna, and Ice Land. These rooms were relaxing and the moisture levels of each room were suitable for my skin type. On the other hand, my least favorite rooms were Loess Soil Sauna, Color Therapy, and Jade Sauna. These rooms made me feel uncomfortably dehydrated and dizzy with the exception of the Color Therapy room. Finally, the Aqua Bar, Waterfall, Hinoki Bath, and Hydrotherapy Foot Spa/ Body Massage Jets were relaxing stations for rejuvenation, especially after the sauna visits. By the end of the day, my skin was glowing! Pricing: - Weekday/Weekend: $35/$45 - Group of 10 or more: 10% discount - Silver Membership, 1 Adult (6 months/1 year): $1,500/$2,500 (Same as King Spa) - Gold Membership, 2 Adults (6 months/1 year): $3,000/$4,000 (1 year membership is $500 less than King Spa)
I loved it.  Admittingly this is my first time at a korean spa, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but seriously, this was amazing.   Only qualms are my own perceptions of my nekkid body.  But that has nothing to do with the spa, only my workout and eating habits.  They have a workout center, btw, and it has way more than just a treadmill.  I plan on utilizing that the next time I go, and then spending the rest of the day lying in a sauna while feeling proud of my accomplishments.
Well.  I didn't expect much.  But I was pleasantly surprised and overall pleased with my experience.  Like everyone says,  you walk in and you get a bracelet.  You get your dinky uniform, throw your shoes in one locker and your clothes in another bigger locker and then your off to venture in this adult chucky cheese playground.  When my friend and I went, the weather was in the 70's and it was a bit cloudy.  We did get our chance to relax in the outside saunas but come night, the staff closed it off because they thought it might thunder and lightening.  This was my only gripe really.  I have to admit that you can really spend a WHOLE day here.  We got here at 530pm and we didnt leave until 11pm.  We could have stayed longer but it was getting dead.  There is a lot of different sauna rooms and with different temperatures.  I saw a section for Sleeping.  People were literally sleeping.  Then there is also this TV section with flat tv's attached to each chair.  Surprisingly, people pay $35.00 to watch TV because this entire section was filled.  Just remember that admission just to get in is $35 (weekdays) and $45 (weekends) and after that, you're paying a la carte for everything else from renting a towel to ordering food.  There is also a Naked Bath House area which I did not enter but my friend did.  She braved up and did it.  I think everyone should experience Spa Castle at least once...
I guess it's okay for being in New York I was not impressed with the shuttle service or the food but it is definitely a good getaway without getting away.  I would go again but going to try a couple other places to see how different of an experience it is.
I've been here twice now. I feel like it's kinda overpriced, cause these types of facilities cost roughly $8-$10 back in Korea, but such is the hardship of immigrant life. I will take what I can get. A lot of kids come here and run around, opening the doors to all the saunas and poking their heads in and running back out. I find this a little bit annoying though sometimes, when you are sweating balls inside and seeing a mirage of ice lattes before you, the cold outside air is welcome. Parents, please curb your children. The above applies x10238109248092 for the pool area. Still nice. I like the massage jet stream type thingies. The bath area decent. Buy an "italy towel" to exfoliate the hell out of yourself (take a deep soak in the tubs first.) Food is ok if you stick to the Korean stuff. I remain wary of the salad bar. The shuttle bus is kind of weird. You have to really search for it. I missed one because I had no idea where it was -- turns out it was parked on the upper level and kinda vaguely swept the area once before peacing out. Recommended post-spa: the "Paris Baguette" or "Koryodang" bakeries, both in the vicinity of the bus stop, for baked treats. Taking a star off for location (such a long trip home ahead of me) and another for price. For that price they should AT LEAST give you beach towels.
I am not a person that frequents spas. Does this make my expectations low or high? I didn't know what to expect, seaweed wraps? mud baths? salt scrubs? What I found was rooftop pools with different massaging jets. A floor of different saunas: the gold room, the salt room, the ice room. I was not prepared for the naked korean girl dental flossing with a towel between her legs while I weighed myself. Inside there were hot pools of different temperatures also with massaging jets that require nakedness. You have to pay extra for massages or scrubs of any kind and they're expensive. You can buy a facial mask for $1, a kind of a wet-nap mask that makes you look like a creepy serial killer. There is food there, expensive! Salads are $10/lb. Eat before you come. The entire weekday experience (they are open until 12pm) will cost you $35 if you don't rack up any extras. It location is incredibly inconvenient unless you live in Flushing where they have a free shuttle bus service.
I loved the experience. It was the first for me in such a spa environment. I would definitely go back. The This a Korean type spa, where nudity is prevalent  within the locker room and bath pool/shower. So beware to those who are not comfortable being nude or being around the nude. It took some adjusting for me but I got over it. Were all females! It's cheaper to go during the weekdays for $35. On Sat. and Sun is $45. Yes the price is a bit up there. But I think it's reasonable for unlimited access to the facilities. Spa service such as massage, body scrubs, facials are at a extra cost, but I could care less, the unlimited use of the facilities was good enough for me. I enjoyed the outdoor pools and hot tubs the most. It was fun trying different areas of the spa. From the different type of  sauna rooms to the sleeping floor to the lounge rooms with tv's and big comfy chairs. Spa Castle is the first place I've ever tried Korean food and I must says it was on point! Very delicious. I was sooo stuffed. Spa Castle is definitely an experience one should try, I can't help to rave about it.
Went to see what all the hype was about and was pleasantly surprised. I am a frequent gym enthusiast so was not too overwhelmed by the number of nude women walking around the locker room, but was a bit taken aback by those same folks in the saunas, pools and open showers by the locker room... At first it's strange but after a few minutes you find it's quite liberating :)  All the women there are super friendly and non-judgmental. The rest of the co-ed facility is pretty cool, and there are lots of pools and springs to try out on the 3rd floor.  The massages and other services are pretty much the same price you would find anywhere else:  $100-150/hr, $10-15 per manicure, so I think this place is fairly standard-priced.  The Korean food on the top floor is very affordable, if not cheaper and better tasting than some others I've had, so definitely give that a try.  I would say that the drinks are way overpriced, but that's expected for a spa.  I do appreciate the max 3 drinks per wristband as that minimizes the number of drunk folks in the facility... Overall I will definitely be going back to this place.  It's super clean and the prices are very reasonable. One thing to note is that I did go on a non-holiday weekday so it was definitely not as crowded as I would expect on the weekends.
had a fun time for my brithday but when you get there we had to figure things out for oursleves even though after 5 min we kind of got it so its cool the suna and spas it was very relaxing i mistakely walk in the men bathroom (sign were to small) and saw a small penis so i figure it out after that  the drinks was good oh if you go get cool with the security very sweet and he had deals for us so we got things for very cheap
Finally got around to making a second trip!! Had just as an amazing time as the first go around. That said, I did have two gripes. One: the waterfall thing outside near the back was still not on (though it looked like it may have been judging by the water marks on the ground. Still, second time there and haven't played with that yet. Two: there was an employee banging away at some concrete thing by the pools (he was making a hole to put in a fake bamboo tree thing). That got annoying fast. I know it was the middle of the week and not very busy, but that's why I chose to go then, for the added peace of the non existent crowd!!
Had the pleasure to visit yesterday. After a couple of months without days off - this was the perfect getaway :) Took off my cloths and with them went my worries, I relaxed and forgot about everything! My only regret - I only had 3 hours to enjoy, go in early!
This place is a joke!  Honestly. If I could i would give it zero stars.  So UNrelaxing.  Kids all over the place....disgusting sauna..friend got foot fungus from it.  I never write reviews but for this place, I had to.
$35 on the weekdays and $45 on the weekends. You can spend all day at this spa and you will definitely have an unforgettable experience... i'm still debating in my head whether it's a good experience or a bad experience. i'm still somewhat traumatized. haha shyness is NOT an option at the Spa Castle. This korean spa requires you to be completely naked in certain areas of the locker room with the jacuzzis, steam room, and other facilities. i seriously thought the nakedness was an option, but i was mortified to find that you needed to be naked in order to use the best part of the spa. Once you pay the entrance fee-- you are given a plastic watch that acts as your locker keys and your "credit card" for the day. You can charge food and massages to your watch and you pay at the very end of your visit.  Do NOT lose your watch- it costs $50. Spa castle has some pretty cool relaxing rooms and sauna rooms. They have a bunch in the single-sex area and there are community ones upstairs near the food section. The outdoor facilities include jacuzzis, but keep in mind-- there were alot of little kids running around, so it's not exactly peaceful. The water wasn't too hot in the up-stair facilities, but it was warm enough. The saunas were pretty nice-- they have so many to choose from!  I definitely liked the steam room and the jacuzzis in the women locker room the best, but keep in mind... that's the area where you have to be commando. After awhile, you get used to the nakedness.... but i definitely think the customer service is absolutely disgraceful. The people who work there are unfriendly and snippy. They seem annoyed each time you ask them a question. If you're willing to tolerate the rude staff, overcrowded facilities, and  children running around... then definitely give this place a try. I went on the weekDAY and it was crowded.... i can't even imagine how it is during the weekend. They offer a free shuttle service from the municipal parking lot in Flushing, so it's convenient to get to... so strip down, get naked, and have fun if you decide to give Naked Castle a try...err i mean Spa Castle.
For only $35, the services this place offers are fantastic. Most of our time there was enjoyable and relaxing, particularly when amongst all the silent Japanese folks engaging in traditional therapeutic spa activity. The only two drawbacks are (a) the locals who think they're auditioning for "The Jersey Shore Part II: Queens," and (b) the immensely overpriced food and beverage menus (if you spend an entire day here like us, you'll get a bit hungry but not want to pay for a buffet that costs $15 per pound). Otherwise, this place is great. We made our way around all the spas, saunas and pools, trying out everything. If you go, make sure you sample the gamut of opportunity. On the main spa floor, all the saunas are great, ranging from about 100 to 200 degrees, plus a 45-degree ice sauna. We all felt totally cleansed and detoxed after a few rotations throughout these....sans the loud Queens girls who'd enter each little sauna hut and narrate every emotion they felt ("Oh mah gawd, this be hot up in here!" or "It straight up cold in 'dis igloo, know what I'm sayin'?") or thought in their heads (as expected, there weren't many of these). On this floor, I also somehow convinced myself to pay $9 for a smoothie that mostly consisted of ice, while my friend paid $9 for a frozen yogurt. These were our big expenses of the day, but then we ingeniously used our empty cups to keep hydrating all afternoon with complimentary agua. In the pool area, there are so many different types of jacuzzi jets to massage all your parts. Again, here, just make sure to avoid certain pool-goers who pay for the $14-per-drink cocktails and "wanna get, like, totally wasted" at a place meant for cleansing and serenity. I particularly loved the hardcore head pressure shower that comes down upon your cranium at full blast to eliminate headaches. Physical therapy at its best, I tell you. Out of the main public areas, perhaps the most serene is, strangely, the locker room. Near the showers, there are lots of nekkid pools of ranging temperatures. Here, no one is loud and obnoxious or auditioning for the aforementioned "Jersey Shore" cameras that some spa-goers are convinced must be hidden around the facilities. Also good: none of the naked pools are sketchy or skeevy as we'd feared; everyone seems content in private relaxation and wasn't creeping with their eyes or hands. I'm anxious to go back in wintertime to sit in the hot spas outside underneath the snow. I'd imagine it's far more peaceful then...
I went here with my bf for his birthday. It was a very relaxing experience. I slept like a baby when I got home that day. After we paid the entrance fee, then we went our separate ways to go to the lockers. When i got to the locker, I had to put my shoes in a separate locker then my other stuff, which I wasn't sure why. I didn't know how to use the wristband to open the locker and the staff just kept looking at me and didn't help me. Finally a lady who was a guest there helped me. After that I went to change into my bathing suit and put the ugly orange outfit they made us wear. I feel like a prisoner in that orange outfit. Beware in the locker room there is an area where woman can bathe nude, at first I was a little weird out cause their was a lot of naked woman walking around the locker room. I am sure guys would love to see this but me not so much. I locked up all my stuff and went upstairs. A little bit of advice is if you and someone of the opposite sex are going then you should pick a meeting area. I didn't pick a meeting area with my bf and I went around looking for him. After I finally found him, we went into the outside area. I love the outside pool area. After we spent some time in the outside pool area, we went to the saunas. The saunas were really hot except for one and I enjoy going to each and everyone of them. Throughout the day we ate various food and most of the food isn't bad. But beware of the little waistband, you don't pay for everything until the end and some people tend to overspend. I didn't mind spending the money since it was for my bf birthday but some people might want to be conscious cause they might spent to much. One thing i do recommend is not going in the summer when children are on vacation cause it tends to get loud. My bf and I was hanging out in the bar area and two kids were fighting. They were really loud and we had to move because we were trying to relax. Overall I spent about 200 hundred dollars for two people and I had a wonderful experience.
Spa Castle is an interesting phenomenon.  First of all, the building seems completely out of place, and as the only other Korean Spa I've ever been to, it's rather in the middle of nowhere - totally random location.  Spa Castle is interesting because of the variety of spaces you can enjoy relaxation in - there are spaces that are communal (which are NOT so fun - because of the hundreds of little kids swimming around), and spaces that are separated by sex.  The women only spaces were pretty good - very nice massaging jets in various pools, great hot and wet sauna's, and clean and well managed locker rooms. The pools upstairs are cool - mostly because you can float around, enjoy different massaging jets, and drink by the poor bar.   It's an interesting space - but it's a tad too crowded, there are a TON of little kids that use the pools as a place to swim, and it's not totally relaxing.  It's a tad loud.  The rooms (mineral rooms, salt rooms, jade rooms), aren't that large - or relaxing.   It's possible we just went on a bad day - but I think that it in general, it's not the most relaxing Korean spa.
Love it! My only concern is the mineral baths. Really wish they would allow people in there WITH suits on. We're not all free-willy-nilly. Bring your own towel!
This is not a spa in the Western, "Canyon Ranch" style. It is, however, an absolutely stunning, crazy, Disneyland of water and saunas. If you've never been to an Asian bathhouse, you'll have to leave behind all of your pre-conceptions and just go with the flow. Within fifteen seconds of walking through the door, you will be faced with someone telling you to take all your clothes off. Which can be disconcerting to say the least :-). But after you change into your 'uniform' and begin to get your mind into a different frame of reference, you will have one heck of a time. We went as a family, and after everyone initially freaked out, by the time we left four hours later, no one wanted to go home. Way cool!
This really was a castle. I loved it. I took a day off from work just to go here and relax. I loved the place so much that I stayed from 11am- 11pm. If you are traveling on public transportation I don't recommend staying that late. Pros: Lots of variety in terms of saunas that offer different benefits, lots of tubs with power jets (imagine awesome jacuzzi) that help relieve tension from different areas of your body, no need to worry about carry cash around or your locker key (they give this water proof digital watch that you can use to make any purchase here/open your locker) The naked tubs :/ I thought I was not going to do it, but it was actually one of my favorite parts about this place. There are ways of going around the nudity, bring your own large towel and remove it before entering the tub very quickly. If you don't feel comfortable seeing other people naked than avoid this area. What to bring, hair products to wash your hair if its stubborn hair, bring your own scrub to use in the shower or a spa exfoliating cloth (why buy there's if you can bring your own) Cons: KIDS ! I'm sorry, but a spa is not a place for kids. The last thing I want to see is a kid running into my sauna yelling P-E-NI-S or splashing in the pools. Walking barefoot... I agree that shoes should not be worn, but people should at least be able to use there own flip flops. Fortunately I did not catch fungi, I made sure to watch my feet with soap. Expensive food e.g. $10 for an egg roll ! However, the third floor has prices that are reasonable typical restaurant prices $16 for a large meal. Overall, worth checking out and you will reep the benefits of relaxation and soft skin if your try the different tubs they have available.
Came there about 930pm...3rd floor was already closed which sucked but at least front desk told us this beforehand. The facilities looked really clean.... naked area was weird.. Only eye contact with the guys lol... was very quiet when I was there... I can imagine kids really ruining the time.. should be an age restriction because quiet is what really makes this place good... not everyone will like it and I think you should experience it at least once to see if it's for you... You could stay there the entire day... Doesn't get better than that...
Too many rules, to enjoy the facilities, got yelled a few times in a locker room for minute things like picking up towels from the wrong place or wearing flip flops. Not all the facilities were functioning properly, water was tepid in pools. Felt like I am being watched all the time, will not come back.
I really enjoy the facilities.  Even without paying for a massage, after using the jets, I feel like had had a massage.  I love sauna valley, and some of the really hard jets on the roof.   I did get the body scrub/massage in the ladies locker room area.  It was not relaxing because the staff talks a lot, and very loudly during the massages.  Also, she got my neck wrong, and almost made it worse.   A girlfriend of mine had the same experience when she got the couples massage with her husband.  It's hard to relax when your masseuse is constantly chattering away.   Also, people like to complain about the kids, actually, if you ask the kids to be quiet in the saunas, they're not so bad.  It's the grown adults that should know better that won't shut up in the saunas.  I get tired of constantly having to point out that it is sauna etiquette to be quiet in the saunas.    I asked a grown man to please be quiet, and he argued with me.  He acted like a snotty entitled little brat!   This place is great most of the time, but sometimes the clientele are rude, entitled, and bougie.
I read some of the other reviews below and have a response... if you don't want the experience of a public bathhouse... don't go. That said... I loved it. It's the best jjim-jjil-bang I've ever been to. The process: (So you can know what to expect). You walk in and pay the entrance fee and receive a watch/key that acts as your id throughout the spa. First you go in and take off your shoes (put it in the locker -- the number should match the number on your watch) and get a uniform. Yes they are hideous -- but who are you trying to impress? Everyone looks the same, you know. Go to the clothes locker (again, same number as your watch/key) and change into bathing suit to go to the co-ed waterpark area upstairs. Jets in the spa massage your back... you can sunbathe if you like. Back downstairs you get naked and shower and soak in the bathhouse... they have wet and dry saunas. I got the 80 minute scrub and massage -- best thing ever... my person sloughed off all my dead skin leaving me soft and clean. Yes, it hurts like a mother -- but think about all that dead skin between you and baby-soft skin. They also have lots of food options and co-ed saunas upstairs (e.g., color therapy, gold, salt). You pay for food with your watch/key and sign your bill at checkout. I love love loved it.
I went to spa castle on a Friday and it was not terribly crowded as i had learned it would be on the weekends.  I tried a chair massage and found the treatment too rough but my husband loved his chair massage.  However, you really don't need to purchase treatments. The jets in all of the pools are amazing and do the trick .  The saunas are a great escape as well. I spend most of the day going between the pols and saunas. i also enjoyed the women only section.  You get most of the same jets as the Bade pool but it is less crowded and i enjoy the openness of the four hot tubs ink the center of the room.  I would definitely go back but only on a weekday. I think the place may be a bit of a mad house on the weekends.
I have now been a few times to Spa Castle-  I think the experience really depends on timing/ days you go.  This recent time I was here at 11am on a Friday and everything was quiet, clean and nothing felt too crowded and there were few kids.  My favorite areas are the single sex/ naked areas.  I would not suggest time at Spa Castle unless you don't' mind group nudity. The best areas require nudity.  The militarization at the door is a little intense- enforcing the no outside beverage policy.  I felt like I was at an  airport.  This place is definitely not for lounging all day- instead it is better if you like much stimulation.  The food is fine, I have had decent snacks here, the water bottles are over priced and no one that works here is very friendly.
I've only been to spa castle once, and that was for a bday get together of mine. I must say i had such a blast and for such a reasonable price. It was something different for me and my girlfriends to do. It use to be $30 all day for everything when they first opened but i noted that went up to $45 but still thats a good deal for an all day. Definitely worth going to.
A Big Man's Review: I'd been looking at Spa Castle's website for about a year. I kept saying I was gonna go...but then I'd read reviews that made me say "Maybe this isn't for me". There are tons of reviews online about how noisy the place is, kids running rampant, and loud obnoxious ghetto folks making for a not very relaxing experience. I decided to check out Youtube and see if there was a video tour. Here I found some young kid giving a tour of the place (like on MTV's "Cribs") laughing and joking...just not the kind of girl I'd like to be around for a relaxing experience. I also found videos of chicken heads bouncin their boobies in the pool and a short clip of some fool who lost his cell phone. I thought to myself..."Do I REALLY wanna go here"? After weeks of working hard, a poor diet, and smoking way too many cigarettes, I decided my body needed a detox BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY. So I got in my car and headed to Spa Castle against my gut feeling.          I am so glad I ignored everything I read and saw online. The facilities are clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, nothing like what I was expecting at all. I arrived on a Thursday at about 12 noon. The locker room attendant assisted me with finding a uniform which actually fit and explained the facilities to me. I walked around the entire complex, feeling very self conscious like everyone was looking at me and headed back down to the locker room area. I peaked inside the nude bathing area, where there were about 3 or 4 Korean men in the hot tubs, and decided to throw caution to the wind and just go au natural. Once disrobed I actually forgot I was naked. No one was gawking and men in general don't really wanna make eye contact or start conversations while their balls are hanging out. Everyone was here for the same reason, (well, almost everyone) just to relax and enjoy the spa. The 3 spa tubs in the center of the room were kind of useless to me. Lots of tiny bubbles that didn't do much for my body. The only difference in each tub was the depth of the pool. The pool in the far right corner of the room was the best; with reclined lounge seats that have jets that massages your back and the back of your legs. There's a slightly colder pool in the middle which has waterfalls that pound and pulsate your head and neck. It wasn't until I was about to leave that I discovered this pool also has a VERY powerful jet on the left side of the pool which sprays outward under the water. This jet is so powerful that there really is no need to EVER pay for a full body massage. I ventured into the steam sauna and had difficulty breathing, it's way too hot in there. The regular sauna on this floor offers moderate heat.          Now I was much more relaxed and feeling at ease, so I ventured upstairs to the Sauna's on the main floor. Each of them offered a different type of heat and your body felt different upon entering each room. I found the Salt Sauna to be the best. The Losses Soil and Jade were also very nice. The L.E.D. sauna did nothing for me, and I didn't like the temperature of the room either. Something about the metallic air of the gold sauna just did not sit right with me and I quickly exited that room. After elevating your body's temperature head to the cooling Iceland room. This is where I experienced TOTAL relaxation. My whole body started to cool off and calm down.           I ventured up to the Bade pool, and this is truly the area to avoid. Noisy kids, people gawking at you, loud typical New Yorkers - not fun. The jets in the Bade pool weren't very different from the one's located in the Men's spa. So if you're looking for relaxation and comfort - avoid it all together. So, here are my tips for a truly relaxing experience at Spa Castle: GO EARLY - the place DID start to fill up around 1:30 PM Use the nude bathing area - most riffraff aren't comfortable being naked in public. Avoid the Bade Pool, it's more like a public pool then a spa.
My friend from work kept telling us about this place and finally treated us to a day out. It was fantastic! It's not a quiet place but lively and full of families and great people. I really enjoyed the food on the restaurant level. The suanas were amazing and the pool with all of the different jets was great! I will definitely be back. To avoid that crowds get there early and on a weekeday.
If you're the type of person who loves to relax in a luxurious place, this is for you. It's $35 on weekdays, $45 on the weekends. When you first walk in you pay for the admission and then they give you a key which gives you full access to your two lockers. One locker for the shoes and the other for your bags. What sucks is that they barely have any chairs to sit down and get dressed. 1. The outdoor pool feels good. It's nice and warm. I use it as a warm up before going inside the hot springs. I like the little waterfall that's in there, which can make a nice back massage. 2. I love the hot springs. It took me a while to figure out that the outdoor pool and hot spring were on the roof! No wonder why the clouds look bigger than usual. 3. The indoor pools are okay, but I would much rather be outside. They have back massages surrounded by small tables and chairs. 4. The saunas are amazing! It's my favorite part of the spa. Every sauna has a different theme and temperature to it, which makes the place really interesting. My favorite sauna is the Ice sauna. It's very relaxing, but unfortunately the most crowded one. The hottest sauna is the gold sauna next to the three lounge chairs. I think it went up to 192 F. 5. I like the lounge. Spa Castle recently replaced their own chairs to better ones. The new chairs has a remote which allows us to lean back or lean forward. In front of every chair is a television (with limited amount of channels). Only thing I dislike about the television is that the volume on most of them sucks. So I can barely hear anything coming out of the TV speakers. 6. The food court has a lot of delicious food. It's full of comfortable chairs to sit on. When you're in the food court you get to tell them what you want to order and then they give u a receipt with a number. When your food is ready a number will appear on the screen and that's when you can get up and pick up your food. The chicken teriyaki is delicious and so were the cheese fries. Never get the chicken nuggets. They are dry and overcooked. I would definitely go back here again. I had to remove a star because It gets extremely crowded here starting at 10 in the morning on the week day during the summer time. Also one of the non oriental woman working here gave me an attitude when I told her I accidentally left my locker open with the key inside of it and she asked me, "Well what do you expect me to do about it?" When I kept bothering her about it she finally helped me. For some reason she was rude to me but not to the adults... If I were to go back here I would go sometime in the winter or the early spring.
Why do you want to come here ? If it's to be treated like a prince or princess then no, despite the "castle" part of the name, then no, this is probably not for you ( you will probably want to bring a towel for example). If it's to relax and step away from the grime & bustle of the city, into a different place then yes, come to Korea. Two things to say off the bat - NUDITY you don't ever have to go into the (single sex) "nude zone" if you don't want to and any exposed flesh in the locker room area is little more than in your average gym or swimming pool changing room - at least in Europe. (That said I think we could all do with being exposed to more human, non-air-brushed bodies from time to time.) Likewise if you are on your own or in a single sex group you don't need to visit the upper floors with their more flashy aspects and potential for noise. INTIMACY - if you ask for a body scrub you will get a body scrub, EVERY INCH of your body up to and including inner thighs, groin, buttocks, breasts etc- scrubbed methodically like an overworked mother scrubs a grubby child. You will feel so soft, so smooth ... please don't let any feelings of self consciousness prevent you from doing this. No one is looking at you, no one cares. (One caveat if you are "naturally curly", at the end of the scrub they do a quick hairwash/head massage & condition - I presume that it was a sulphate shampoo & I don't know about the conditioner. You could probably check ingredients on one of the self service bottles & request they don't do your hair if this is going to be a problem.) Anyway, I went with someone who had been before which was very useful because you are expected to be autonomous - and there's nothing wrong with that, you're an adult right ? So, it was a cold crisp weekday, we arrived not long after ten, it wasn't empty but there weren't that many people there, a few kids, it was starting to fill up when we left about 1:45pm. Used the hot pools, saunas, had a scrub but didn't try any food or other extras. With luck I'll be going back every couple of months. Tips & User Guide - you pay your basic entry fee and get a wristband which then acts as your locker key and account card. First locker is for shoes, then you collect your "uniform" of baggy t-shirt & bermuda shorts (you should book any scrubs or massages at this stage if it's busy, you'll be given a time slot), and go on to the second locker to change - there is nudity at this stage of course.   At this stage you have a choice  either wear your birthday suit and enter the nude zone ... there's a steam room, hot & cool pools at different temperatures with massage jets, Western & Korean style showers with large pump action shampoo/conditioner/gel dispensers.  You can help yourself to as many, little, towels as you want. It felt quite & peaceful and natural. Or go upstairs - I wore my swimsuit under the uniform and went straight up to hot pools on the open terrace - different temperatures, different massage jets, invigorating & relaxing at once. You're asked to remove your wet costumes before you go downstairs - you can change in the restrooms and there should be little plastic bags to put your wet stuff in - but you'll need to have brought a towel up with you. Now you're wearing just your "uniform" and can hit the saunas - these are not European style, rather than wooden benches there is rush matting on the floor and you just lie around & chill (there are some wooden pillows). Getting there - there is NO NEED to drive.  From the end of line 7 you can either get a shuttle bus (which leaves from in front of a bank by the municipal parking lot where you could also leave your car ..) or take the Q20B bus towards College  Point (get off at the 14th Ave & 132nd street stop & you can SEE the spa over to the right, it's a three minute walk, take the first road on the right).
My friend and I recently went to Spa castle. I was so excited because I had heard so many good things. Well disappointment is an understatement. First of all how can they not allow you to wear shoes and especially in the bathroom area. I was beyond grossed out. I don't care what kind of tradition that is, have you heard of foot fungi? Shoes are a must in public bathrooms and locker rooms. Second I just can't get over the no swimsuit in the locker room pools. I mean really?? You make everyone wear these big shorts and t-shirts in the public area but in the locker pools you must be naked? Come on... Third there was a tampon floating in the outdoor pool. Enough said. We went on a Monday during the day and the place was packed. Screaming kids EVERYWHERE! Literally there is no where to escape the kids. I will never be back needless to say..
go on a weekday otherwise 1 million kids will be running around ruining your day of relaxation. - bring your own towel. - you're barefoot throughout the place. - some areas are swimsuit, uniform or naked. - upstairs is the best with a mixture of indoor and outdoor pools with jets. (some jets don't work so beware). - to lock your locker swipe your watch over the lock and wait for the beep. (no one explains this to you when you get there) - eat in flushing before (or after) you get there - you can ask for tap water at the bar as opposed to buying a $2.50 bottle of water i didn't try any of the other extra services.   probably won't come back unless there's a coupon of some sort.
This place is great ONLY during the week. Weekends are crowded and facility is not as well kept on the weekends. I go there quite often. I'm not that thrilled that kids are allowed in this place. People go to the spa to relax and be at peace. Not see or hear a kid running all over the place like they're in a playground. Such a TURN OFF. This place could use some minor improvements like the lights in the unisex areas could be dimmed more. Some tranquility music should play everywhere. My biggest complaint is that management should monitor the QUIET room more. My sister and I went in the room to take a nap and a group of girls would not stop chatting and giggling. They were acting as if they were at a slumber party. We were so annoyed and wanted to report them but we decided to just leave and file a complaint later. We didn't want the Hyenas ruining our relax mood we had up til then. Please Spacastle, Monitor the quiet room more.
Well after reading alot of negative reviews here, I still decided to give it a try.  Well I had a great experience.  I think the key is to go there on a weekday and early in the morning.  All the staff I encountered were very friendly.  The girl at the front desk was very helpful explaining to me what to do since I told her it was my first time.  The attendant in the men's locker room was also very helpful. He knew right away it was my first time there and gave me my uniform and explained how to use the lockers.  And exiting the facility the checkout girl was very nice and polite. The place was immaculate and at 8:30 am I practically had the whole place to myself.   I would definitely go again.
My first visit to Spa Castle was on Friday 5/10/2013 and it was a wonderful experience. I heard about this place from a friend and decided to treat my best buddy for her birthday. Here's a breakdown of my experience. First I called to get more info and make massage reservations.  The woman I spoke to was not the friendliest but was able to answer my questions and make the reservations. I made reservations for two 60 minute aroma oil massages and was told for the foot massages no appointments were necessary as it was a walk in only service. We were running late due to traffic so called from the car to see if we could push back our massage appts. The woman who answered the phone was accommodating and we rescheduled for a later time in the afternoon.   When you arrive there is a valet service you can use or try and find parking on the neighboring streets.  We were lucky and found something right away but I would consider using their valet service, especially since there is no additional charge for the service - just the tip you would normally leave at any other valet. Upon entering we paid the $35 (weekdays) per adult admission fee and this entitles you entrance, use of saunas, spa pools, & locker rooms. You get a wrist watch like gadget that you use scan to open and lock your lockers, as well as, pay for anything you purchase - services, food, water, etc. This was nice as you don't have to worry about carrying money or your cc with you. There is a quick security check - my friend who entered first had a gym duffle bag (zipped closed) and was not asked to open it and went through with no problems.  I on the other hand, who only had a draw string type back sack, had my bag poked through and a bottle of water confiscated. No outside food or drinks allowed. The accommodating part was they tagged my bottle of water with my locker number and told me I could pick it up on my way out, which I did. We then proceeded to the locker rooms where you're required to remove any type of footwear, not even flip flops are allowed.  The only permitted footwear is Spa Castle slippers which you can buy for $5.  We opted to walk barefoot. We were never handed the required uniform everyone must wear - long shorts and a T-shirt, pink for females and blue for males - and found out after we started walking around the facility and read signs that said uniforms were required. After seeing a few of these signs and noticing everyone else in the same outfits I inquired about the uniforms and was told we should have received them in the locker room. Due to the change in our massage appts. we decided to hit the saunas and spa pools first, have lunch and then go for the massage. This in the end turned out to be a better plan. I definitely felt the saunas and spa pools helped relax me more and made the massage that much better. We were still wet from the spa pools and the masseuse actually helps redress you back into a clean fresh uniform before flipping you over for the second half of your massage. Actually I felt 3/4 of the massage time was facing down and 1/4 lying on your back. They also put our wet bathing suits in a plastic bag. Frank did a great job and my friend was just as pleased with Nancy. The place is quite large and has pretty much everything - saunas, spa pools, locker rooms, restaurant & other food bars, Starbucks, Juice bar, alcohol bar, sleeping areas, special services, small gym with equipment, chair and walk in massage services, facial, body treatments, manicures, pedicures - you name it they probably have it. We spent about 5 hours here and I will definitely be back for more. I was told by another customer who had been here at least 10 times before that weekday mornings are the best as they are the least crowded. I can only imagine what this place is like during the summer and/or on weekends. While my first experience at Spa Castle definitely left me wanting to come back, I did feel some areas fell short and could use improvement. It would be nice to see more personable and helpful staff. A little more guidance for first time visitors would be nice, obviously we fell through the cracks with regard to the required uniforms and I feel this could easily have been prevented by paying a little more attention to the customers upon arrival. A simple question such as, "Is this your first time to Spa Castle?" and then following the answer up with appropriate information.  I also felt at times it had a production line sort of ambiance. I also didn't understand the layout and noise level. Like possibly having a separate floor for eating, food and general conversation would make more sense. In all the areas except the sauna rooms I found it a bit noisy, even while getting my massage I could hear a bit of outside noise. I would definitely recommend you check out Spa Castle and spend some time there. I only wish there was one on Long Island.
u get what u pay for so here it goes. overall,it wasa  nice experience. plenty of good facilities,clean and sirene setting(which was ruined by lil brats), nice staff . however the biggest problem was the crowd. Its spa,not a party zone and apparently some parents think that their bundles of joy are a great addition to other peoples spa time. KIDS,KIDS,and Kids again. all over the place, running and screaming like a lil animals. I like kids but when they are at least a mile away from me. how u can relax when somebody's oversized "baby"  running like a maniac and yelling for ice cream. they should have "adults only" days.
So glad I purchased a living social deal for Spa Castle. This is one of the perfect places to go when on a stay-cation like in my case.Pools, Saunas, nap areas,drinks, sushi, salad bar, juice bar and tons of spas. Massages are way overpriced ranging from $75-200. Come here on a weekday and early if possible. I came on a Wednesday around 3pm and it was relatively crowded. You are given a uniform that must be worn at all times except when going into the pool. The only shoes you can wear are the Spa castle slippers for $5. Other than that everyone walks around bear foot. You are given a watch which you need to make all your purchases with.The locker rooms are included with admission and are very spacious. On the locker room floor there is a nude pool area so be aware especially when going with kids. Spa castle is very clean and just a good time to relax physically and mentally. I'm a fan and will be back.
I have been here a few times, taking my friends to have a girls spa day. It is pricey for the entrance fee but I do like the location as it is very close to where I live. If you go on the weekends there will be alot of unruly children but if you can get over that then the pools in the top floor are a treat. There is alot of unabashed nudity in the locker rooms but its a korean spa so the mentality is different and its quite refreshing to see women comfortable in their own skin even when they don't look like supermodels. I haven't worked up the courage to go into the bathing pools au naturale yet but maybe I will on my next visit. They have several different therapeutic jets that massage different parts of your body, some of the jets are very strong so you have to hold your bathing suit top in place. I love the wooden jacuzzi, alot of people dont read the sign that says that it will stain your white bathing suit if you go in there, so keep that in mind. The spa cafe is alright, they have the standard salad bar and generic foods such as hamburgers and pizza, they have some japanese dishes offered. I do like their yogurt sundaes which is real frozen yogurt so it is pretty tangy. The prices are a little over the top for what you get but I figure it cost an arm and a leg to build this place so if it's really an issue you dont *have* to get any food there. The relax room with the tv's are a nice touch, although several of the chairs are missing tv's and it was always crowded when I stopped by. The infared area always had people sleeping in the chairs after the lights went off which was kind of annoying. The various sauna's each have a cheesy theme, I can't tolerate them for to long but I think the cold sauna and the salt/mineral sauna were my favorites. There are also two sauna's in the women's locker room, they do not have any wet sauna's which would have been nice. All in all it's a nice day outing I spend on average 5 hours there without getting any additional services which makes the entrance fee worthwhile in my opinion.
i love this place! swim up tropical jacuzzi bar, nude v. non-nude possibilities, ice sauna for when you get too drunk at the above bar, and open from 6/7 am - midnight, for $35 on weekdays!
The first time I went to Spa Castle was a sensory overload. I couldn't believe how MUCH and how many different TYPES of pools, saunas, treatments, etc. it offered. And most of them -- well, the pools and saunas -- are included in the admission price. I have since been back four times and plan to continue making the trip at least 1-2 times a year. It's just so fun, so relaxing and so stimulating at the same time. The indoor and outdoor pools are always the highlights for me. As far as the services go, I've only ever gotten a facial and a body scrub. I'd recommend the body scrub, as long as you're comfortable with the process! Like others on here, I'd recommend going on a weekday or when it's cold out. I went on a summer Sunday last year and it was a mob scene. Kind of got dirty with so many people around, too. Today, a 25-degree Monday, it was very quiet, and spotless. I can't give it five stars because I find the food, while yummy, to be incredibly overpriced. And on crowded days, it gets dirty. So ... come on a quiet day with a full stomach and enjoy!
Only $35 to enter on weekdays.  I wanted to try out all the pools and saunas, but couldn't make it to all of them in my 3-hour visit.  The co-ed rooftop pool is a nice area to start.  Use the massaging jets and fountains to soothe your muscles.   Small towels are provided for free (take a few), or you can rent a big towel. You can elect to have a private massage, body scrub,etc, and just get your "wristwatch" scanned at each add-on and pay at the end of your visit.  This is also how you pay for food and drinks.  They have ice cream and frozen yogurt too!  The wristwatch will allow you to enter your locker throughout your stay if you need to access your things. There are several co-ed saunas to choose from.  You keep your spa shirt/shorts on in them.  The hottest is set at 180 degrees F.  I laid down for 5 minutes in there before needing to escape for fresh air. I enjoyed the female-only pool area more than I expected.  Women of all shapes and sizes walked though the pool and  sauna area without clothes, and everyone was very respectful of others...there was no gawking.  It seemed the norm to be walking around naked.  Most of the pools are heated,  but there is a cool pool at 70 degrees, and a cold one set at 59 degrees.  I am sure the 70 degree pool is refreshing to some, but I liked the 99 degreel pool as my lowest temp. When you are done, you can shower with soaps and shampoo provided by the spa.  They even have q-tips, toothpaste/brushes, hair dryers, and lotions to use.
to much children crying :(
A lot has changed since Spa Castle first opened, most notibly the clientele. When I first started going, the crew respected the quietness of a spa environment. Now, there's screaming kids and rowdy teenagers and make-out sessions at every corner. There was event a lady doing yoga in one of the saunas. Really??? The food is meh and obviously overpriced. And speaking of prices.....Spa Castle is now $50 for weekend entry......ouch. Having said all that,  I still had a great time. The showers, pools, saunas. and relaxation room is great. The place is pretty clean, but the water on the floors skeeves me out a little. It's a great little escape when you just need a day away from the pressures of NYC life. I'd recommend going on a week day or later in the evening if you go on a weekend. We went on Sunday night and it wasn't too bad. The best value is the $50 body scrub. It's well worth it. A word of caution: be careful with scanning the little wristband that they give you, you could end up with a bill that's well over $100 (between food, drink, and body treatments). Among my friends, I find that people either love Spa Castle or think it's an absolute waste of money. I kinda love it......
This place is perfect for a mini vacation. Pros: the pools are just the right temp the drinks there are actually pretty strong place always looks clean its HUGE so you cant really get bored, there are even saunas and pools in the locker rooms, and outdoor. you can stay there for hoursssss Cons: it can get very crowded Dont expect gourmet food, even though you will pay gourmet prices
So if you're in the women's locker room area be prepared to see a lot of naked people. The shower/bathing pool areas requires everyone to be naked. Upon entering you pay for the price of admission to use the spa and all of its surroundings but not including massages or spa services. You are given a watch that you can not lose because it charges for all food and services you choose to have. You also do not have shoes to wear anywhere in the spa. The fitness room is cool, a little small but effective. The food/chill area is comfortable. The suanas are great. Going into the iceland one after trying all the rest is great. The pools outside have amazing jets that will make you feel like a hundred bucks. The sleeping room with the beds is fantastic! The beds are sooo comfy and everyone respects that your in there for a nap and are not speaking. I would definitely go back to this spa and recommend it to others.
This place needs several ratings.  A zero for execution, a 5 star rating for idea, and ultimately winds up somewhere between two and three stars for the final grade. Honestly, color me a bit disappointed.  There were so many issues I had, that the negatives almost outweighed the negatives. First thing. The worst part about this is that people seem to think this is a place for families. So instead of a spa, this is more like six flags.  I don't know if you find kids running around and playing in the sauna relaxing, but I sure don't. Second thing. The design of the place just isn't great.  You walk in and immediately have to take off your shoes and put them into a shoe locker.   Then you move to the next room and have to put your clothes in another locker.  Couldn't they have just put them both in the same place so you don't have to open to lockers to leave?!! My biggest pet peeve comes down to water.  There are water coolers throughout the place, but all of them have this silly bag (yes you read right) that barely holds water.  You can of course purchase water for $3, but I like my water free.  In the end I wound up being De-hydrated because I simply couldn't get enough water.  In a spa of any kind, this seems like a huge issue. The biggest positive of the place is the baths on the first floor. these do require you a to be naked, and while I was not a fan of that, it was bar far the quitest and most relaxing aspect of the visit. The pools were great, as were the cooling pools.  It was the only place that came close to true relaxation. Go upstairs to the second floor and you are surrounded by a cafeteria like atmosphere with kids and parents talking. They are giving massages in a room adjacent to that. Does that sound relaxing to you? Not to me. the place was so packed that people were sleeping admist all of this madness on the floor because there was no room anywhere else. All of the sudden my spa day was starting to feel like Penn Station or the Port Authority.   No thank you. The third floor was nicer, and while I didn't have any of the (rather expensive) Korean food, it did look much cleaner and tastier than the food on floor two.  A final tip:  if you must eat, do it there as it is the only restaurant that has an A. Overall it could have been a great escape from the city, but it ended up being far too stressful.  The pools on the top deck were not warm enough to counteract the cold weather, and due to that the one hot tub was always packed so much that I couldn't even fit in it.  The pools inside were filled with people eating(!!) and drinking right over the pool. If that isn't a health issue I didn't know what was. also take that with chlorine and jets that were irritating my skin (I had a rash after sitting in one) and I really didn't like that. But the first floor was heaven. So If you must go there with caution, but be prepared to get naked if you actually want to enjoy some peace and quiet. Oh, and bring a towel.
I went to Spa Castle today and thoroughly enjoyed myself.  The male sauna/bath area reminded me of Onsens or Hot Spring baths in Japan that I went to.  Here's how it works: you put your shoes in the shoe locker, then put everything else you have on you in the clothing locker, then you shower.  There are Western Style showers and Asian styled ones where you sit down in front of the shower and mirror.  After, you have your choice of different temperatured baths to soak in, some of which have jets for a nice massage.  The temperatures ranged from 100 - 108 F for the four warm-hot baths.  There were also two cooler baths, one in the 50s and the other in the 80s.  After the baths (or before) you can go into the dry or wet saunas.  After you've had your fill of your respective sex specific bath/sauna, you can change into the shorts and shirt provided and go upstairs to the fancy unisex saunas which include one covered in real gold, another made with jade, and yet another which feels like your in a heated hut in Mongolia.  I forget the name of that particular sauna... All-in-all it was a nice place with a great mix of people of different races, ages, and genders which reflected the diversity of Queens.  Also, I never felt the decor was chintzy or tacky but tasteful and atmospheric. I arrived at around 2 PM on a Friday.  I would imagine it gets very crowded in the after-work hours and on the weekends. I had a great, rejuvenatative time here and would recommend Spa Castle to anyone with an open mind for nudity and for following the rules of an Asian bath/sauna place.  I'll be back every month!
Horrible service, gross food, ghetto, unorganized, unsanitary, and luxury wannabe-these are the ways that I can best describe Spa Castle. This place is a far cry from a spa. If you want rest and relaxation, do not come here-trust me!  I drove to this place with a group from DC. We got there at 7am. Nothing was open so we ended up wandering around. I must say that they have lovely saunas and the facility is not that bad-it has potential but it needs work. My friend and I went into the cool sauna and apparently interrupted one of the 20 something and wet behind the ears managers who was having a conversation on his cell phone. My friend and I later went in one of the jetted pools and there were some loud and obnoxious people-mostly guys there that were yelling, cursing, and shouting sexual obscenities to each other and women there. I could not even have a conversation with my friend or relax after driving 5 hours to be there! The staff was oblivious to what was going on-what is the point of the cameras and the zillion staff members? There was not 1 place open where we could reserve our spa service or grab a bite to eat before 10 and 12 respectively. I finally ended up being forced to either eat a hot dog or corn dog because there was nothing else available. A corn dog at a spa? What is this place? The staff were rude and when my friends and I tried to schedule our spa services at 10 when they opened- we were told that they did not have anything available until 12 noon...What?! I was really upset because 3 of the staff members said that we had to wait until 10 to schedule a service-why then were there not any appointments at 10? This place is terrible. I came with the intent of spending a large sum of money to relax and enjoy my Saturday but I walked away upset and more tense than I came in. Next time, I'll find an upscale location in my own backyard because the trip was not worth a dime of my money or a minute of my time. If you're looking for a public pool or splash park for the whole family to enjoy with carnival food, this may be what you're looking for.
Love spa caste! Fun for a date or hanging with your friends. the facilities are clean and the staff are friendly. There are pools, hot tubs, massage areas, and saunas. The changing rooms are very open in which everyone is nude. they give you uniforms i assume to keep everyone looking as one. The nudity isn't an issue, at first you'll be like OMG but you get use to it. Theres a food area as well.
I went to Spa Castle as part of a small (5 women) bachelorette party. I was apprehensive due to many of the reviews I read. We went in at about 11:30 am on a Saturday. It was a slightly cool, overcast day. And really? It wasn't very crowded, nor were there many kids. By 3 pm however the sun had come out and it was significantly more full and lots more kids. But really its not that there were lots of kids that was bothersome, it was that the kids weren't supervised or disciplined by their parents. About half the kids were no issue, and we hardly noticed them. The other half were totally obnoxious - screaming, splashing, running, misusing the spa pools, holding the sauna doors open, etc. And really that's all the fault of the parents. First off why even bring your kids here? The pools say "no swimming"and they aren't really even wading pools - every pool is a specific spa pool, none are "playing pools". And saunas aren't really appropriate for kids. Its just not a "fun"place for kids, even if they are welcome. The saunas were very awesome, again it was the other attendees that were a problem. Every sauna has a window on the door and a digital thermometer over the door, so you can see if its crowded, and what temperature it is without opening the door - yet about 1/3 of the people at Spa Castle seem to prefer to hoist the door WIDE open and just stand there chatting loudly with their companions "wanna go in here?" "Ehh its kinda hot/crowded/not my thing" "Real? I think it seems nice" And meanwhile everyone inside wants to scream "SHUT THE DAMN DOOR" and people outside are waiting to get their turn to stand at the door and repeat the scenario. In the morning for example the cold sauna was full of fluffy snowy ice. By the afternoon the ice way shiny and wet and literally dripping as it melted... as you watched people open the inside door wide open and hold it fully open as they open the next door, fully open. Apparently people don't understand the concept of an airlock door: open one, go through, let it close, then open the next and go through it. Its not rocket science folks, its common sense an common decency. The pools were nice - a great temperature and shallow. There is a bar pool, with thigh deep water, and tables above the water line. There are benches just below water level, and bar-stools above water level. Its great, except people tend to bring food into it to eat at the tables. Ewww - dropping crumbs, and greasy hands in the pool. Also there is also only one bartender who has to serve the walk up customers on one side and the poolside customers on the other side. In the morning it was ok, but by the afternoon it was, no exaggeration, a 20 minute wait for a drink. Splashing kids were a hassle in this bar because of the drinks. The services were good, if a bit pricey. One thing we noticed - between 5 of us we had 8 services (scrubs, massages, facials, pedicures, etc) - every single service with the except of the basic pedicure - were about 10-20 minutes shorter then described. For example I and a friend had pedicures at the same time. I had the hot stone pedicure, she had the basic. We started and ended at the exact same time. All the massages were about 10-15 minutes shorter then described. My facial was 40 minutes long (not the advertised 50), and did not include any massage - instead of I was left twice for about 10-15 minutes each time, to just sleep. Unfortunately there was no music and I guess the garage was on the other side of the wall - I heard car alarms going off. My two friends who had 'private room' body scrubs also had no music - just the constant sounds of the locker alarms. And both were walked in several times by random spa-goers with inane questions "is this the shower room?" "where do I get spa shoes?" Here's a hint folks - probably *not* in the room clearly labeled "private scrub room". Honestly I did think it was a nice place. I think it was just poorly executed. The building, the pools, the saunas, the abundant food and drinks, amble sitting areas, etc are wonderful. And if they had employees enforcing, or even just gently reminding people of the rules, the place would be amazing. Reminding people it is not a sex spa and its not ok to get that physical with your partner in the pools, reminding people kids must be accompanied by their parents, reminding people to not wear outdoor shoes inside (our feet were black by the time we got in the showers to leave), employees filling the product dispensers in the shower areas (there were just huge gallon jugs left on the floor in the middle of the areas), enforcing no sexual behavior in the saunas, enforcing no (on purpose) splashing people, managers enforcing spa services being executed as advertised, etc. I agree with other reviews get there early (at least 10-11 am). And consider buying the shoes. And bring your own shower products.
I came with a friend around 2:30 on a Friday. It was not that packed which was great! Around 5-6 every station in the pool was filled.Our cue to leave! Other wise, we had a great time, there was usually 2-3 other people in the saunas that we went into. The drinks... super expensive and such a rip off! $7 for a smoothie?? $2 for  a bottle of water??  On occasion, some women would be chatting up a storm in the sauna, or a couple would be getting a bit too close ...again our cue to leave. Another thing is finding the spa castle van, they're usually on Union street. $35 on a college budget was a pretty good deal for me. If I had more cash, I would go somewhere even nicer and a bit more quiet
What can I say, I loved my first visit to Spa Castle! I went on Saturday, March 16th. We arrived early - around 11:45 and the valet parking was open and FREE. Semi hard to find, but worth the search. I think the price is a bit steep for the weekend ($45) but the weekday price is more reasonable for what you get ($35). We paid, and split into mens and womens locker rooms (two girls, one guy) but after that, it was a little confusing. We, thankfully, are smart girls, so figured out how to use the lockers rather quickly. We got our uniforms - my bottoms were a little tight and I had to ask for bigger bottoms. It was a little awkward to wear a uniform in there, but *everyone* was so it felt less weird as the day went on. It felt a little like summer camp! You can go barefoot, or buy their sandals. I opted for barefoot. Their tiny green towels work, but if you're ok with lugging a wet towel home with you, I recommend bringing your own. Also: it seems to be a "thing" to wrap/tie/fold your green towel onto your head in a crazy fashion - we loved this! The sauna's were amazing - my favorites were the mineral salt one and actually, the cold one! It felt so nice. The biggest, and most hot, was unbearable for me. At 187 degrees, it actually burned my nose and chest to breath in there. I loved the little nap area with foam recliners but it was pretty much always full, even with people on the floor napping. The food was expensive, but not nearly as much as I expected. A blended juice smoothing was $7, a fruit smoothie was $8, they also had bubble tea. You can get 3 baked eggs for $2 and they were very yummy! The buffet is $12/lb which is about Manhattan prices. My friend got the veggie dumplings and they were yummy too, I tasted one! When we went to eat later in the day, I ordered chicken fingers (and this is most of why they lose a star, along with the crowding later in the day and all the kids...). They were $8 which is kind of a lot for JUST chicken fingers (no fries!) but whatever - I was hungry! My friends got their food first (a pork cutlet that was HUGE at $14 and chicken udon which was also HUGE, but I forget the price) but soon enough, numbers way higher than mine were being called. When i inquired about it, they told me "They're frozen, they take longer to cook" and I pointed out that yes, they were frozen, but they were being deep fried. THIRTY MINUTES after I'd ordered, I finally got my chicken fingers. This was after I asked a second time, and they told me they forgot to make them. What really happened was they sent them downstairs on accident. I asked to speak with a manager and he agreed not to charge me for them. We ventured back downstairs (we did NOT try to the rooftop pool because it had started to snow, and there were couples who seemed to be doing things one doesn't normally do in a public pool) and it was so much more crowded. The Relaxation Room was full - they really need a bigger one. It's basically a nap room with super comfy looking beds. We opted to spend a half hour in the nude jacuzzi rooms instead and headed to our respective locker rooms. I enjoy being nude, so this was NO problem for me. I loved seeing so many different bodies and types of women feeling comfortable around each other. Seriously, I almost cried a little. More of America should be like that! Nude hot tubbing is amazing. I highly recommend everyone do it. They had four main hot tubs - one was a weekend special and was healing herb and smelled great. They varied in temperature from 99-108 degrees. There was also one along the wall with massage seats - chairs in a hot tub with jets. They were ok but shut off every 90 seconds - two minutes and you had to touch a sensor to turn them back on. The showers and open body scrub area are also down here. It's $50 for a body scrub and after watching them. I wanted one! It wasn't in the budget for this weekend but when I go back on a weekday, I will be getting one. The only thing about them that bothered me, was that the women doing the scrubs appeared to be wearing bras and panties...I'm glad they weren't naked, but their tops could have look more like bathing suits and less like black lacey underthings! The showers are great and they provide generic shampoo/conditioner/body wash for you to use. The other girl in our group brought her own things which is also allowed. They even have a little area with little plastic stools where you can sit and shower with a hand shower. Overall, I will be going back! I cannot wait to go back, in fact, but I know a lot more now. For a weekend with the water/food I bought, my total was the $45 admission fee + $14 (minus the chicken fingers!) so a total of $59. Well worth it. Well well worth it. Although I will likely go on a weekday next time to save money and avoid the kids (of which I highly disapprove. They need adult only hours/days)
This IS a spa. You get out of it what you want. For $35 or $45 you aren't gonna get totally pampered. You're paying for: 1. the facility - very, very clean 2. the varieties of relaxing experiences - saunas, pools, hot tubs                                                               tiles - warm & cold to lay on                                                                     + more 3. the ability to walk around freely naked (1st fl. only) and no one knows you and no one cares Go there, don't let yourself get stressed about stupid towels or naked people. It's a spa. You'll figure out what to wear where, where to go, etc. Just relax.           tip: More chances of relaxing on a weekday, I think? I went on a Sat. afternoon, pretty hectic, especially in the pools on the roof.
I want to love Inspa World. I really do. I totally subscribe to the healing powers of the hot ddeuguh waters and the ladies who scrub you til you're raw. Couple that with beautiful views of the Whitestone Bridge from the rooftop pool, wooo baby, I'm swooning. And I don't know about you, but bathhouse food just taste so much more delicious when you're nice an squeaky clean, no? I guess I'm just a bathhouse purist but this place has become too popular for its own good. It's a bathhouse NOT a toned down version of a water theme park! With so many people (rowdy children!) it's not as clean as it could be and simply not as relaxing. There were puddles of water everywhere and newspapers strewn about in the sleeping area -- though to their credit, there were workers who were trying to keep the place clean. Sigh. So much closer to me than King Sauna, but alas. Not my bathhouse of choice.
I love this place so much that I feel the need to update my review and brag some more. This place is literally like a castle. It is 3 floors of goodness, the bottom floor has the lockerooms, all saunas, the ice room, the foodcourt, and the juicebars. The place itself is so packed on weekends, you will stand in line just to pay at the lobby. Your best bet is to come in the late afternoon since they close at midnight anyway. The lobby needs to improve on being more organized, where one line is for people with vouchers while another is cash or credit. the lockeroom is also chaos, since there is saunas and a nude pool within the lockeroom, luckily there is a good amount of staff to sort it all out. It was nice to see hair products and toothbrushes, uniforms and clean towels given for all, while having cheap prices for any items you are missing. A face mask there is only 2 bucks, you leave it on for 15 mins and it works wonders! The furniture is so comfortable in the lockeroom you are gonna want to fall asleep instead of going home.  This place is clean as always, feel free to walk barefoot they constantly mop the floors. I really love how each sauna has different temperatures shown, and the ice box really cools you down afterwards. My concern though is that there simply isn't enough room, so I guess the saving grace is the amount of rooms in total . What annoyed me was that a lot of people were chit chatting rather than being quiet , its not a library I get it but at least keep it down, im trying to relax! I am sure on weekdays its not as bad. I think the best parts of this place are the relaxing room, which doesn't have enough chairs but it is worth the wait, you will pass out , it is cool , dark and silent, it is perfection, you really let yourself go in those lazyboy chairs. Also they have a separate just for foot or hand massages at decent costs and no appointment necessary. Today ive decided to splurge, I went to book a Swedish massage since I am so stressed, it costs 110 but it has tax and gratuity included and it is in a beautiful private room that smells amazing and has nice relaxing music.Jessee was great she literally stretched every part of my body, and dealt with me being super ticklish, and made the experience very relaxing, my neck now has 0 pain thanks to her. The only downside to this place is on weekends you cant have much luck with booking an early massage, I couldn't get one until 5. I also think the same applies to nail services and facials. The food court made me drool, I saw awesome sushi rolls, finger foods, a huge salad bar with fruits or veggies, plus meats, fishes and pasta items. I believe it goes by the pound, you can get a pound of fruits for 10. They also have froyo with typical fruit and candy toppings, and they have starbucks items to burgers and sandwiches too with fries. They also have really good bubble tea, juice bar and tea right next to the food court. I on the other hand ate at the aqua bar on the top floor near the entrance to the hot springs  , which has same prices but less varieties, just wings , chicken fingers, nachos, and fries. The portion was rather huge though, and the screwdriver they made was super strong , and they only let you have 3 drinks per person. What I like is that the food was fast, fresh, and they made my drink a "skinny" version with not much ice, so it was not watered down. I do question the cleanliness to be eating in a pool , but I saw staff coming around frequently to pick up trash, I didn't like seeing kids splashing in that pool, the parents could of left the at the jungle gym. For fingers and fries I paid 13, but it was good quality. They also had really yummy items like corn on the cob, corndogs, hot dogs, ice cream, basically finger foods and they were cheap. they also had bathing suit and towel equipment to be rented for the hot springs at very cheap prices. The hot springs was amazing, the vibe was so there, everyone was happy and friendly, and relaxed, they have 3 pools so there is space for all, and it is an amazing feeling when you hop into the steam room next to the pools to dry off, super warm. I think I even managed to get a little tan while out in the water! The 3rd floor does have the yummy korean rooftop restaurant, fitness area if youre a member, and there is balconies open with amazing views! What I loved here the most was how diverse this place is, all cultures come here, everyone is friendly towards one another , I really met great people coming from all parts of New York just to be there. My skin feels amazing, my stress is gone, I ate some really good food, got tipsy, and had the best nap of my life. I cannot wait to come back here.
I caved and went back after 3 years. I got a body scrub too after a very long hesitation. It wasn't the nudity, it was the many reviews saying it was painful. It's not painful really, it just feels like being rubbed with sandpaper or when you run your fingers on a emery board (you know, for your nails). It's borderline on the way to pain. They don't rub you hard enough to leave marks, it only feels that way because the exfoliating glove has to be textured to get the deadskin off. Either way, if you can't take it - you can easily tell them to lighten up. You just won't get skin as soft as if you just let her do her thing. I am a baby when it comes to pain and I didn't think of it as painful. It just felt like sandpaper to me. My skin feels so smooth now, I feel lighter.. cleaner. I would go back to spa castle just for this scrub. It gets awkward when she bends you this way and that to get into the nooks and crannies. And believe all the yelp reviews regarding this - they will go into your unmentionables as well (bikini line area). Make sure you take off any jewelry so they can really get everything. You'll feel these bead things form on your skin... ladies and gentlemen... that's your dead/dirty skin coming off. Yes there is a lot of it. And yes you will walk away with beautifully exfoliated skin. I have a gripe about one of the staff upstairs in the sky restaurant. Instead of posting the whole story here, I'm just going to say that I am upset about it enough that I am going to call back and make a formal complaint. ALSO. the sky restaurant changed their menu - it's crappy/bland japanese food now. stick with the salad bar and the sushi downstairs. It's more expensive but you'll leave more satisfied.
Okay, so everyone knows this place is basically an amusement park for adults, with a spa theme. For that reason alone, the hit or miss service, somewhat long lines and crowds, are worth it. Maybe it's because I'm Korean, but I *LOVE* this place because they have hot stone boiled eggs! They have the same texture as hard boiled, but slightly nuttier flavor. So good.
I have never gone to a Korean spa before so I didn't know what to expect.  From their website, the pics made it looked impressive. And I was quite impressed with the unique design.  I liked how each sauna room had something different and there was a description that talked about the benefits of each one.  The rooftop pools were quite enjoyable with the jet streams hitting in the right places.  However, certain ones were very strong and the pools aren't as big as the pics on their website made them look, can be difficult to move around when there are a lot of people especially kids/teenagers horsing around.  I was definitely amazed by how the Korean women walked around proud of their naked bodies, young and very old. Service is ok; staff were not rude but not friendly or helpful either.  Although certain things are extremely expensive (facial treatments, mani/pedi, waxing, massages)it is a great place to spend the day and hang out with a bunch of friends.  I mean, for a coverage fee of $45, you mind as well spend the whole day there relaxing and taking naps.  Go early because it will get crowded.
Used living social deal. Went on a VERY brisk Friday, around noontime. Their valet parking was completely full, had to look for street parking. Took us another 10 minutes but we found one nearby. Be warned, you may have to do this, especially on a very busy day. When we went, it wasn't too hectic. There were people but it was far from a full house. I can't imagine what the weekends are like. Anyways, check in was quick, very much like a hotel. You get a wrist band that looks like a watch but it's purpose is to wirelessly lock and unlock your assigned lockers. Very handy and a smart idea. It's even used to make purchases. No credit card or cash necessary while you're in Spa Castle. Sauna Valley has 7 different types of sauna. Most of them look like igloos and it's a pretty small environment, I would say 7 or 8 people at most would fit at the same time, less if people are lying down. The biggest is the Loess Soil Sauna, which looks like a long Quonset hut, and this one could probably fit 30+ people. It was my favorite because you can really sprawl out and it was the hottest (approximately 180F). My next favorite was the Ice land room. They keep it at a chilly 28F and feels awesome if you've just left the Loess Sauna. All the other ones were OK, some were pointless (I'm looking at you, Color Therapy, Far Infrared, Gold). I was not able to try the Himalayan Salt room, always too many people. The outdoor spa pools were pretty enjoyable, especially on a cold day. Felt like a hot spring. The body massage jets were really powerful, almost too powerful. It got painful a couple of times, I wish there was an adjustable setting. Hinoki Bath water was extremely hot but refreshing. Overall, an enjoyable experience. Would have been more so if the floors weren't sprinkled with salt brine. Walking over them really hurts. Food court was OK. We didn't really eat anything except for the hard boiled eggs (3 for $2). We also got bubble tea ($6) and a fruit smoothie ($7). Both were pretty bad. In fact, it was the worst bubble tea I have ever had. The drink was far too cold (they used crushed ice instead of regular ice, drink had an almost slush-like consistency) and bland in flavor, kind of like it was watered down. The boba was hard and lacked sweetness completely. Also, it was six freaking dollars. Food is more or less really expensive here. A bowl of Shin Ramyun instand noodles is $5. FIVE DOLLARS. The salad bar is $12 per pound or $10 per pound if just fruit. Upstairs is where they have Asya, their restaurant if you will. Prices start at $13 for a noodle bowl and only go up from there. I highly suggest eating beforehand, afterwards, or bring a light snack. A couple of things to note if you're a first timer: they provide you with a shirt and shorts to wear, it's sort of a uniform. These are required when on the 1st floor, where the Sauna Valley and food court is located. 2nd floor is where the indoor and outdoor pools are so it's OK not to wear them. Third floor has another food court area/bar so it's probably required here as well. Each locker room has it's own shower/hot pool area. And this area is totally nude. As in you have to be ass naked, can't really enter with clothes on. I suppose a towel is OK (the towels they provide are tiny) but it's better to be nude. Another thing to note is that if you get your clothes wet or they need to be replaced, there is a $1 fee for it. Slippers are also extra (this place is barefoot mostly). I recommend bringing your own towel, a water bottle, and headphones if you want to listen to music while you're in the sauna (remember to keep the noise level down). Overall, it was an enjoyable experience. The employees are nice for the most part. The facility is kept fairly clean (save for the cotton swab stuck inside the ice room). It can be a bit overpriced but it's something you can't avoid. It's a family friendly place so there will be kids and it will be busy on certain days.
I don't understand why this place got such bad reviews. it's huge. there's a lot going on. I'm actually on my phone typing this out while laying in the relaxing room. I found an outlet that I can use to charge my phone with. SCORE! first time at a place like this. I guess it's family friendly but the locker rooms aren't so much... mostly because of the nude baths. first time skinny dipping! ok I can cross that off my bucket list now. I don't know what sketchy people everyone is referring to. I hope that doesn't mean I'm the sketchy one lol! everyone was older and quiet and respected each other's space. it got more crowded later in the day but earlier around noon I had sauna rooms and pools all to myself. it was pretty sweet. they give you uniforms to wear (pink shirts and blue shorts for women/blue shirts and pink shorts for men) completely unflattering. clothes just aren't meant to be worn in a sauna! but that's just me. food is ok. drinks are ok although they oh had beer and wine. Prices are reasonable but it gets pricey if you're hungry. also kinda hard to get to without a car. the one thing that did gross me out though is that I'm not allowed to wear my own flipflops. not even to the bathroom? seriously? bathroom floors are uber gross. just saying.
Okay, I gave this place two stars because in my opinion there were more CONS then PROS. Pros: * Good Massage (technique, strength) * Good Body Scrub Cons: * NAKED CHILDREN - I'm sorry, but I'm not comfortable running around naked with naked children. Is that even legal?? * Shoes are NOT allowed anywhere in the facility, including bathrooms * The massage was not at all relaxing. I was pretty much forced to strip down naked which is not uncommon for a massage and scrub, HOWEVER, I had to lay on a COLD concrete table while getting the treament from the little Korean woman in her undies. * Also, please note that the so called "private" massage rooms are are really SEMI-PRIVATE the doors are left open while you lay there in your birthday suit with all kinds of people passing by. * Drinks are $14 each Overall, it was a cross between a "spa", amusement park, and a concentration camp of some sort.
i thought it was a good value, very relaxing and clean facility
Spa Castle was great! Went on a rainy Monday on a LivingSocial deal, and it wasn't crowded at all. At times, I had certain rooms/tubs to myself. There were very few kids. It was really clean, relaxing and fun. I'd definitely come back. I brought earplugs, which were a good move in terms of blocking out ambient noise while relaxing in the co-ed areas. I also took previous Yelpers' tips to eat beforehand and bring a bathing suit and towel. I was going to get a scrub, but was having such a good time without one, I didn't see the need. I would definitely recommend Spa Castle on a weekday!
It used to be good, now it is a disease heaven waiting to happen. I visited the Spa Castle on December 23. The entire experience was bad from beginning to end  The shuttle filled up quickly, there were about another busload of people but the driver told the people who didn't get in to "wait 30 minutes" in stead of sending another car. I ended up waited for 1 hour and 45 minutes for another bus, and finally caught it at the other side of the parking lot rather than the designated area. At the Sap Castle, the condition was so unhygienic it was to the point of revolting. There were many non-Asian people who treated the place like a heated swimming pool rather than a bath house. Many of the non-Asians went into the facilities without showering first, and got into the bath pool with their bathing suits. You can see dead skin cells floating over bath water. That's how bad. They even put face masks on while in the pool! Their face masks kept dripping into the bathwater it was disgusting. The floor was wet everywhere, especially in the bathrooms. Many stalls were in unusable condition, and no one was cleaning the floor or the bathrooms. And since we are talking about bathrooms.... there were women who were on their monthly cycle in the facility. For my sake and with God's grace, let's hope they at least have the sense NOT to have gone into the pools. To be fair, only half of the problem is on the Spa Castle, the other half comes from people who have no respect for Asian bathing etiquette. It is so sad to see a good place gone down the drain, for the ironic reason that it became popular among the ignorant.
When I walked out to behold the outdoor Bade Pool at Spa Castle, it reminded me of that feeling of setting foot inside an amusement park at age 13 and having that giddy excitement of not knowing which ride to try first.  I felt the same way when checking out the sauna zone too.  Jade Sauna!  Gold Sauna!  LCD Sauna! I'm glad we visited on a week day since I sense that Spa Castle can get quite crowded on weekends.  I'm also glad I read the Yelp reviews that explained how you get a magic watch, then lock up your shoes, then get a standard issue spa uniform, then lock up the rest of your belongings before heading up to the rest of the spa.  The process was new and confusing -- especially the toothbrush they issue you.  But the staff was helpful with answering questions and taking care of our needs. My Swedish massage was excellent, but my favorite part was sitting in the indoor pool bar drinking a pitcher of beer while being massaged by jets in two feet of warm water.  The only thing that could have improved that part was if we'd been able to change the TV channel from Everybody Loves Raymond to something else. The food was a little expensive, but totally decent.  Typical hiked up prices just like you'd find in an amusement park.  After several hours of massaging and hot tub soaking and sauna sitting, we lay down for a nap in the relaxation room.  It was like nap time at preschool.  Pretty amazing day.
For $45, Spa Castle leaves you feeling the way you need to, pretty darn good.  It's cheesy.  It's huge.  And you can feel a little bit like you're in a Spa Farm (uniforms anyone?).  But, it's got lots of options which make it easy to avoid where everyone else is and also at your own pace.  There are super clean hot hot saunas, dipping pools inside and out, relaxing chairs and rooms, massage chairs and an array of professional services - low end to high end.  I'd recommend Stella especially in the VIP service area on the top floor for a facial..  You have to maneuver the rough edges that come with the price but after spending a whole day there, you feel great!
Spa Castle is such a fun place! Come with a group of friends and spend a day here! Saunas, bathhouses, outdoor jacuzzi's, and pools with massaging abilities are included with your entrance fee. My first stop is the outdoor jacuzzi's and pools. The best experience I had was being there in the middle of January when it was cold and snowy. Nothing beats the experience of sitting in a hot jacuzzi while the snow is falling from the sky!  Hot saunas with various temperatures come next, just lay there until you sweat all that toxin out of your body! When you get hungry, there are quite a few options. There is a bar and Korean spot all the way upstairs or the buffet salad bar, sushi bar, and juice bar on the second floor. For first timers, wear your swim suits under your clothes unless you are comfortable getting naked in front of strangers. There are no private changing rooms! Grab your swim suits and towel, we're heading to Spa Castle!
My best description of this place would be Great Wolf Lodge situated in the heart of Chinatown. Now if that description invokes feelings of serenity then this place is for you. Everything is rushed... I was told in less than 3 words that I had to wear the standard and faded PE uniform of the spa which I flat out refused and for $4 dollah decided to opt for the spa robe.  Had an aromatherapy massage for $110/hr which is reasonable except the masseuse thought she could remain in the room while I undressed... That's not how this works. The frequent circular motion she used during the massage and disturbing taps only succeeded in making me tense. I wasn't even given a preference of an oil scent. That's not how any of this works.  Lunch was typical food court stuff... Lo Mein, chicken and broccoli, burgers, fries ... The best part is that the food vendors call out your order over a loud speaker just to keep the mood going... Rushed... Hurry Up and Buy! I don't know how long this place has been in business but I think it won't be long until someone is offended and sues over the list of ailments they identify as "When Not to Get a Massage"--- HIV, Cancer??? That's not how this works... That's not how any of this works!
I've been reading and hearing about Spa Castle for some time now and finally made a visit. The hype is indeed true -- this is a spectacular complex with every variety of saunas, steam rooms, Jacuzzis, and pools that you can imagine. A variety of massages, scrubs, facials, and other skin treatments are available (for a price). I didn't partake of any of these services, so I can't really comment on them. I found the facility to be very clean, and while the staff wasn't exactly friendly, they weren't rude either. There are separate same sex areas with lockers, saunas, Jacuzzis, etc. and full nudity is mandatory in the same sex wet areas. If you're uncomfortable with nudity, this might not be the place for you -- or you might want to avoid the single sex areas. For the gay and bi men, I did notice some subtle cruising going on in the men's area -- but nothing overt. I arrived around 9am on a holiday weekday, and found the place to be relatively quiet. But by noon, it was full and there were many kids running around. It is a great place to take the family and on weekends and holidays I'm sure there are many families and children here. If you want a quiet relaxing getaway, I would recommend coming early on a weekday. My only complaints were that there were very few food options available early in the morning...it would be nice if they had some kind of breakfast buffet, but they don't set anything up until noon or so. Overall, Spa Castle is a wonderful experience -- I highly recommend it.
Unfortunately Spa Castle is not relaxing at all. Went here during a weekday in the summer to use the pools and the jacuzzi and it felt like I was in a public park with a pool on a school trip day. There were way too many kids running around and screaming. There should be an above 18 in age rule because how can people relax while kids are there playing? This is not a pool it is a spa with a pool to relax not play. I didn't like that it was way too packed and hated the ugly jumpsuits we had to wear. There was really nowhere to go to relax and have quiet time. Maybe if you go on a weekday before school is out it might be better but that is not a time that I can go. I thought it would be much better but it was a real disappointment=(
Spa Castle is 3-floor-one-avenue-wide Spa wonderland in College Point. Do you like saunas? Well Spa Castle has a Sauna Valley. (With 8 Saunas). Do you like hot tubs? There are 5 varieties in the Woman's Bath area. What Temperature do you prefer? 104 F? 100F? 78F? Were you craving a wet or dry sauna? Well, they have one of each in the Bath Area. Do you like rooftop pools? There is a pool that spans the block; offering multiple forms of hydrotherapy. Your feet, your head? There is a massaging jet for that. What about your tummy? Yeup- There is a massaging jet for that. Your back hurts? Now worries, Spa Castle has got your back. I have spent all day at Spa Castle. Its a perfect relaxing treat for yourself. My favorite activities is jumping from the 104 F pool to the 78F and alternating between the dry sauna and the 78F pool. And I'm a huge fan of the Hinoki Bath. For the Hinoki Bath- you don't smell pines, mainly you smell chlorine. But there is something so serene as the warm bubbling water is massaging your muscles and you gaze upon their flowering Bird's of Paradise. You feel like 1) you could live here and try to work from Spa Castle and 2)you left NYC.
Ahhh is all I can say ;) Update...it's been a while since I've been here.  However, when I have gone in the past, I always had a great time.  The staff is pleasant, locker rooms are clean.  There is plenty to do.  Try to go in the early morning, as they open at 6, to avoid the crowds.  You'll have the place to yourself for a few good hours.
I don't have much to compare it to, but the spa castle felt pretty average to me. The customer service is not very good, or absent. The outdoor pools were nice, but it can get very crowded mid day. The indoor pools are pretty small. Swimming is not allowed in either pool, which didn't make much sense to me. However, no one is really monitoring these areas. People were eating and drinking in the pool freely even though it wasn't allowed. The saunas were smaller than I anticipated and you lie down on a hard floor in most of them. I didn't find that relaxing. The locker facility is very nice, however. The food was nothing special. I ate on the third floor, but it seemed like most people enjoyed the second floor salad bar. I didn't do any of the services, but my friends enjoyed the massages. My recommendation would be to try it... Definitely a nice day trip where you can relax and treat yourself. But everything is way overpriced when compared to what you get.
Watch out VANESSA who is spanish? girl at reception desk for massage and beauty salon.She is VERY RUDE.....For example she even didn't answer to my simple question'Was oil massage available today?'.Her answer was curtly 'Wanna book or not?'.I wanted to know if oil massage was available and if it's available my next question was 'What time?'.And her rude kept going.After I made claim of her attitude to her manager,she came to me and told me that's her way to speak to customers and she was nothing wrong because she was being busy.I guess food sections were much more busy anytime.Anyway eventually I had to decide to cancel of my booking of $110 oil massage.Because she told me"I didn't need book for you.I was helping you out.If you want cancel,do it!" I think she might have some problems of work skills if she felt so busy with ''Just that much customers'' that clouldn't speak to customers nicely. I was excited to get treatment of a $110 oil massage which was one of my husband's B.D.gift. But she ruin my day.... Outside pool and inside pool and restaurant were overall fine. I might come back the spa cathel.But I defnitely won't come back a massage thing as long as VANESSA is at the desk. For sure you will get stress for booking or etc with her before pricy treatment. I am sure I am not the first person that felt this way with her. This was my first time in my life of augument with somebody at pablic space.
They really need to do something about the line to get in. It's always busy on the weekends and yet they only have two cashiers. If you have a voucher, they keep you on the long line. If you don't have a voucher, meaning you didn't pay yet, then they let you go on the other line which speeds them up. I'm guessing so they don't lose that customer who didn't pay. I'm here my second time on a weekend and it's frustrating to wait this long.
So many great things to say abt Spa Castle!!  Lets go to the rooftop first- The outdoor pools have jets that hit you in all the right areas.  There are two outdoor jacuzzis.  The bigger one at the end can get a little crowded.  There is a huge sauna in between the two pools that I ran into when I went in February in the middle of the dead winter.  Inside there is a swim up bar, flat screen tvs you can watch while in the pools, and another pool with massaging jets.  Downstairs we have a great dining area with Sushi made to order, a buffet bar where you can get food by the pound, smoothies, and even a Starbucks. The Sauna area is pretty cool.  There's about 10 different saunas that all have different temperatures and have cool minerals that help your body, mind, and soul.   There are varios sleeping rooms that are very relaxing.  There is a naked bathing area in the locker rooms for women which consists of different temperature pools, steam rooms, and a sauna.   Very clean and relaxing place.  Come on a weekday- it's cheaper and less crowded than a weekend.  Pay $35 and you can stay all day!!
I can't believe it either but Spa Castle isn't good anymore.  I feel like they were GREAT when I started going years ago and as it became more popular they just stopped caring. Not clean anymore- women's event baths use to have beautiful herbs in them and now they put day glo green chemicals that are suppose to be "scented". Day glo water? No thanks! It just got really trashy....so sad.
Go when it is late and snowing outside, otherwise very crowded and noisy.  Still, even on a sticky warm day felt reborn by the result of a shopping mall like spa - surprising but true.  Take their shuttle from 7 stop, and go weekdays ($45 is a lot).
For the price it was not a bad experience. Large spa not much intimacy. I did not feel the staff was overly friendly especially for first timers who have no knowledge of the spa area. Go during the week less crowded.  Sauna was everything!
I went on a weekday holiday, the spa was not as busy as a weeknd but still the sauna rooms were backed. Enjoyed the outdoors heated pools. Would suggest going on a weekday
I went in June with my boyfriend and had quite a relaxing day. My one major gripe was that there were way too many kids there since it was a summer day and I guess the parents didn't want to take them to a pool or something. The pools were a bit grimey (I saw a woman's pad floating in it amongst other things). The staff can be a bit impatient and rude (one of the locker room attendants pretty much yelled at me because I was putting my stuff in the wrong locker). The pools and saunas are all included in the general admission price, but food and other services such as massages are not. They give you this electronic bracelet to wear so if you order food you swipe it at the register when you get your food and pay at the end of your stay.
Spa Castle is like a little piece of heaven in a residential area of College Point, NY.  I now have three reasons to go to Queens--Laguardia, JFK, and Spa Castle.   This place is like taking a mini vacation at a resort.  You'll feel as if you've left New York City entirely.   I may be a little late, but Spa Castle was my introduction to a traditional Korean Spa.  It has now spoiled me for all others.  The best way to "Spa Castle", especially if you're on a budget, is to go during the week.  The general admission fee is $35.00 on weekdays and $45.00 on weekends.  Fewer people go on the weekdays, so your experience will be even more peaceful.  There are four floors full of activities to keep you occupied for hours.  If you need to just take a serious nap, they even have sleeping rooms equipped with comfortable massage chairs and individual television monitors. There is a fitness center and a bar!  There are plenty of healthy choices at the food court, and its a place that the whole family can enjoy.  Groups of ten get a 10% discount off the admission fee.  If you'd like to indulge in some of the services offered, such as massages, nail salon, body scrubs, etc. there are additional fees.  The place is also immaculately clean.  If you're traveling by subway, you'll take the  7 train to the last stop and there is a free van that picks you up approximately two blocks away.  If you're driving, the onsite parking is free.  Spa Castle is open from 6:00am until midnight seven days a week, even on holidays.  Now if they could just bring one to Brooklyn.  (Sigh)  Its so worth the trip though.
Love this place, especially with a Groupon discounted price. I like this place better than King Spa as it gives the option of out door pools and Jacuzzi. The outdoor pools and Jacuzzi are heated so you can go even if it's cold outside. There aren't as many saunas as King Spa but there is a good selection of about 5 or 6 and includes the cold sauna. The food here is pretty good too. We had the philly cheesesteak and it was decently priced and delicious. It can definitely get crowded on the weekends so I opted to go for the weekday Groupon and it was great! Barely any people and very relaxing!
My friend and I planned a relaxation day here together.  We booked 60-minute massages. + The spot is very well equipped.  We loved the single sex jacuzzi areas (nb. nude only!), variety of different saunas ranging from super hold to an ice one and special mention of the relaxation room (I fell asleep in there for 2 hrs!) - well worth the $35 entrance fee along Food is priced reasonably, although the juice bar is pricier The outdoor pools were heater (we went in February) so we still got to spend time in there - i thought they'd be closed but happy they weren't! - The valet service is super slow and then the guy asked directly for the tip - I'm not a fan of that
I treated my mother once for Mother's Day and it was great.  We had a moderately priced body scrub and massage and it had to have been one of the best body scrubs I've ever had. "Uniforms" are kind of annoying (Neon pink and orange short and tee set) but overall, a great experience!
This place is amazing.  Great massages at good prices, all the rest and relaxation you could want.  It is very nice to not have to worry about cash or a credit card with the IR watch for charging things.  The outdoor pools during cold weather months are great.  The service is excellent.  Very enjoyable experience.
First time here. Arrived on a Friday, cold winter day around 7pm. In my eyes this place lost the 2 extra stars from me because 1. Hygiene reasons and 2. Lack of serenity. Let me explain.1. Hygiene. I admit I can be somewhat of a germaphobe. I actually didnt mind when they require you to NOT wear shoes and walk through the entire spa barefoot. Fine. But NOT fine when I see the staff walking around in their street shoes in the same areas. Yuch. AND I have to walk bare foot in the restroom?!?! I draw the line there. Also the salad bar? Ugh, I've seen better at a deli in Manhattan. This bar seemed unkempt...can I use that word with food? Yes, here I can. The food appeared to be there for hours and it was all out in the open where anyone can talk over it. 2. No serenity. If you are expecting peace, quiet and the Zen usually found in other spas....This is NOT the place for you. I didn't expect 100% of that, but I expected at least 70%. It got more noisy as the night wore on. It especially became annoying when someone's kids kept opening and closing our sauna door like they were looking for someone. So imagine that happening quite often with kids and adults alike. All and all, would I go back? Probably, once I know I should lower my expectations. I did like the saunas and the relaxation room (if no one was opening and closing the damn door) and next time if it's warmer, I'll venture into the outdoor pool. It's worth trying at least once. Good for dates.
I lived in South Korea for 2 years, and there's nothing I missed more than a relaxing day the jimjilbang, or bath house. So I'm thrilled to have found Spa Castle! First off, a rant: People, it's a Korean-style bath house/spa. Bath = no clothes, or at least that's how I generally bathe. Please don't come to Spa Castle and complain about the nudity. If you don't want to get naked, why in the world are you going to a BATH HOUSE? Please, in that case, just stay home and keep your clothes on. Anywho, I thought Spa Castle was really top notch, along the lines of the nicer jimjilbangs I visited in South Korea. And the common area floor is really impressive! Lots of food options, saunas and pools (where you can wear a bathing suit). It's a stellar, relaxing place to spend a day.
Spa-goers be warned! Spa Castle is rowdy and messy now. Last year, Spa Castle was a quiet daytime retreat for New Yorkers on sensory overload and in need of some indulgence. Back then,  the only real annoyance was the occasional undecided sauna goer who opened and closed the doors to the saunas too often. There was a general reverence for quiet, and daytime clients were pretty low-key. Today, it feels more like a waterpark with some saunas and spa elements thrown in for fun. Loud, loud families all over the pool deck,  stray towels and water bottles left behind in the saunas, sticky floors, kids swimming in goggles knocking into in the pool, teenagers having loud conversations in the steam room, people making phone calls in the nap room....At moments, the vibe felt more like the Astoria park pool than an urban oasis. I went on a Tuesday and arrived before noon,  purposefully going on an off-day in order to avoid any summer crowds. I was able to find some moments that felt like the old Spa Castle, but that's kind of the problem. I had to *edit* my experience of Spa Castle to make it feel like Spa Castle! I agree with another reviewer that the price should be higher for entry. I would gladly have paid 50 bucks to get into the old Spa Castle, and would gladly pay that now if that's what it would take to properly staff the place and maintain the original brand feel. It's called Spa Castle. It needs to feel like a spa.
i was trying to hold off on this review but they left me no choice i was even trying to contact them as well on their site which wasnt working!! the last time i went there  the employees were rude abd it wasnt even closing time they were chatting at the juice bar about 3 of them and as i waited , i finally asked for service and they seemed pretty annoyed that i did, secondly they had there off duty employees playing around  on the 3rd flr restaurant and then after the meal at the chairs by the window where peopleor should io say cuystomers relax they were loud and on their cellphones , they knew i was there as they kept loooking over at me trying to relax , but they were still loud i had to hear  who they thought that worked there was a "whore"(their words not mine) i was trying to not be awakened by their chatter
While the $40 entrance fee is a bit steep, I'd say it's worth it to be able to hang out in the saunas of various temperatures and (my personal favorite) the Hinoki bath/hot tub which is consistently at least 102 degrees. When we visited, the area around the building was under construction, but we still found parking within a few minutes. I fumbled with the lockers a bit, but you get the hang of it. Our least favorite part was wearing the "uniform" over your swimsuit. I totally understand why they have you do this, but it was a bit annoying when you go from a hot tub to eating to saunas to hot tub, taking the uniform on and off. In the end, it was totally worth the price (especially since we went on a cold weekday) and I'd likely go back again, though I'm eager to see what the Manhattan version looks like that they're opening in November 2014.
Spa castle is starting to show signs of wear and tear and dirt and rust. At the very least clean up the hotdog area and get an A instead of a B health rating, this is a spa afterall. Also notices the floors are dirty and the head rests are falling apart.  Please clean it up i love this place and hate seeing it go down the drain.
Came today with my family (parents, brother, aunt, uncle and younger cousins). I was afraid there would be a lot of people since it's still winter break/ Christmas break and children don't have school. Plus, it was a Friday. I highly recommend that, if you're driving, just look for parking around the area. Spa Castle is located smack in the middle of a residential area, so street parking isn't something rare. Just drive a round for a bit and you'll be sure to find a nice spot. During my first visit, I didn't have my bag checked so I was able to bring my own water bottle. But this time, there was something at the turnstile, checking bags. I wasn't purposely trying to conceal my water bottle and so when he took it out of my bag, I didn't really care. But he did tell me to "finish it", which was funny because it was an unopened bottle of water. So I told him "it's unopened and I'll just throw it away". Now after going into the lobby/ locker room to change into my uniform, I made my way upstairs to the 2nd floor with my mother, aunt and cousins in tow. I was fairly surprised by the moderate crowd - a few families with young children, some couples and some groups of mid-aged folks. Much calmer than the crowd from my first visit. Though, I must stress that Spa Castle really needs to reinforce some policies regarding children. I understand that this is a family-oriented establishment and that children can come, but parents need to either teach their kids to stay still or not bring them at all. There were specifically two little boys running around the 2nd floor the entire time. They would go into each hot room and the ice room, look around and leave. They were really disruptive of the whole spa experience. Spa Castle needs to have an area for just kids. Another thing is that a lot of Caucasian women were walking around the sauna rooms in their bikinis. This is against Spa Castle regulations, but it seemed like no one was going to say anything? Another thing is the amount of PDA from couples. I'm paying money to enjoy the place and relax, not having to leaving the vicinity when a couple gets a little too showy and affectionate. I really wish that Spa Castle staff would address these problems. And lastly, when we were leaving, we paid separately. My uncle handed back in 2 watches, obviously for his son and him. The lady only gave him one green card to exit. So when my cousin tried to leave (it was his first time), they rudely asked if he paid. When he told them that his dad just paid, they got upset and so I said that he was with us. The lady then told him to wait till we were done paying before leaving. I'm pretty sure she rolled he eyes. Rude. So once we got the green cards, we left. The staff really need to be more alert. If someone hands you two watches, give them two cards. Don't make the customer feel stupid for not knowing the exit procedure when it's their first time. And don't be rude when they prove you wrong. Overall, it was a good experience, with a few mishaps, here and there. Going to come back on a weekday once school starts, so I can spend the whole day here and really enjoy it.
Disclaimer: THIS IS  NOT A SPA, this is a theme park for people who want to feel like they are doing their bodies good, but really are not. Perhaps I had the wrong idea when I entered this place, but this place is not really a spa. I thought I was going to enter some amazing giant holistic day spa, when in fact I was really about to experience an unsanitary waterpark that reeked of corn dogs. The steam room or "wet sauna" had a layer of mold on the floor, so I did not stay long in there. There were "relaxation rooms" all around with televisions in them, and TV's everywhere. The food choices were more bleak. My gym (a ymca) has better and cleaner spa facilities than this 20,000 square foot "spa castle", and costs as much as one day in spa castle for a month of membership. So it was bizarre and novel, yes. And I did enjoy the HOT and CHILLED pools and the dry sauna, but everything as a whole was incredibly disappointing. Next time I will stay in good ole' manhattan.
I love this place.  It's clean, organized, and has lots of bath options.  Their pools have chairs and water jets!  On the downside, it's expensive ($50 admissions, $12 per pound at their food court and $130 for massage) and the rules are confusing because it's so large. 1.  The "watch" they give you has a 4 digit number on it and is safe to use underwater.  This is your locker number for both shoes and clothes.  The "watch" is both the key to your lockers and your payment method for any purchases inside Spa Castle.  No need to bring your wallet with you as you'll pay for the costs listed on your "watch" when you check-out. 2.  Take off your shoes right when you enter the locker room and lock them into your little shoe locker.  Go barefoot everywhere unless you purchase their slippers. 3.  Nude area is connected to locker room on ground floor and is unisex.  Shower before going into the baths.  They have shampoo, conditioner, and body wash for you in the showers (large pump bottles on the floor).  Also small towels to dry yourself or to cover up parts of your nudity if you're feeling uncomfortable. 4.  Bring a towel with you into the saunas for your naked butt.  It will thank you as the seats inside are hot. 5.  The masseuses will come around shouting 4 digit numbers, trying to locate the person who made an appointment with them for a body scrub/massage.  If you didn't book one, just say No or else they won't leave you alone.  I feel like this system defeats the purpose of a relaxing experience. 6.  There is a water cooler with small paper pouches as cups right when you leave the locker area and enter the nude area.  I am still amazed at how the paper does not get wet... must be waxed or magic. 7.  Change into their uniforms and go up the stairs.  2nd and 3rd floor are co-ed.  No towels are provided upstairs so bring one if you would like to use it their Sauna Valley (2nd floor) or their pools (3rd floor, both indoors and outdoors). 8.  Sauna Valley rooms vary in temperature.  Some are as low as 108F, some are as high as 183F.  Most people lie down on the mats.  They provide wooden pillows for you, which get hot so this is what the towel is for.  They even have an Ice room, which feels pretty nice. 9.  Their massage chairs in the lounge, by the food court, (2nd floor) cost $3 for 10 minutes. 10.  Must dry yourself when coming down from 3rd floor and not be in swimwear.  Most people wear their uniforms over their bathing suits on their way up or down.  Feels a bit disgusting when it's wet. 11.  Locker room also has an area for you to blowdry your hair, qtip wet ears, and rub aloe vera body lotion at the end of your spa experience.  They also provide hair spray.  It's pretty neat. They're apparently opening a location in Manhattan (57th St btwn Park/Lex Ave) later this month!  This College Point location is $40 weekday and $50 weekend admissions.  The Manhattan one is $65, I believe.
I'm definitely a fan! If I lived in the general NYC area, I'd probably go multiple times in a week! For $45 on weekends and $35 on weekdays you can experience 4.5 (might as well say ~5) floors of bliss. Also this review is relative to SpaWorld (which feels like a cave compared to this now). I don't have anything against walking around naked in a pool, but luckily at Spa Castle, if that's not your thing, you don't have to... you can feel comfortable in a bathing suit in the upstairs pools. I was not able to make use of all the services but here's some from my experiences this past Sunday. - 6:30 AM - already a small group of people hanging around waiting for the bade pool to open @8 AM. Some people are just sitting/chatting, others are in the massage chairs (which you can use for 10 minutes for $3). My friend and I went to the relaxation room to sleep. About 15 large comfortable reclining chairs for you to sleep on. Aside from the music of snores that I heard, this was a great place to just rest. Also, breakfast/coffee is available. The platters are pretty good and I found the Egg, Cheese & Ham on a roll (they mean hamburger bun) for $6 was delicious! - 8:00 AM - the pools are nice. Half are in doors. The other half outdoors. Difference jet streams to target different parts of your body. Not too crowded at this time. - Foot Massage room ... for $40 , you can get a 30 minute foot massage. You lie down in a reclining chair and the massage is wonderful. Pinpointing every small point on your feet. You'll leave feeling like you can just floating around, your feet/body will thank you for your generous gift. There were far more services: manis, pedis, massages, etc. Also a restaurant and bar on the top level that I did not get to try. The spa services seemed a little too expensive to try and hence that's why it's not 5 stars. But it's a great place to come relax once in a while. Most of the staff seems nice (there was one lady who was pretty cold and was yelling at me, but she could have just been in a bad mood).
My wife and I have 3 screaming children.  We love this place because it reminds us of Times Square, but where everybody is naked and wet with their screaming wet children. This is our story: I love this place!  I was able to bring my three screaming children here, and let them run about the entire complex, without any restraint or adult supervision, with hundreds of other children.  It's so hard to find time to catch up with my friends, but at Spa Castle, we can let the little ones free while we get some "me" time. I'll sit down with my friends and order the amusement-park-priced food, while the kids play hide and go seek in the saunas.  It's so cute!  They open the doors every 3 minutes to hide from their friends, knock on the windows, and scream like subway cars that haven't had a brake change in 2 years.  I think this tends to let the heat out of the saunas.  And I wonder how the people inside can possibly ignore the ruckus.  But that's not my problem, is it?  I mean, they should go some place quiet if they want to relax.  Like a library. "Sauna" Floor: Speaking of, there are only 5-6 small sauna rooms, with space for eight people at most.  I wonder why someone would come here (without their kids), just to wait in line to lie down in a hot room?  The line out the front door was already 30 minutes - why wait in more lines?  Some crazy fools in here... Pool Floor: This is where things get *really* rowdy.  Once our kids get tired of letting all the hot air out of the saunas, we send them on up to the pool floor.  Here, then can wrestle with each other and splash and bump into everyone around them, in the outdoor pool and the indoor pools.  It's so cute, they even throw french fries in the water and wash their forks off.  I hope they chlorinate!  The adults congregate in two outdoor hot tubs, and awkwardly try not to touch the feet of strangers, in these shallow, small circles.  I feel so bad for them, especially the couples trying hard to make that $45/per person feel romantic.  I wanted to say to them, "You can!  If you close your eyes and wear ear plugs, and forget that you keep brushing somebody else's hairy toes!" Locker / Separate-sex Floor: Aha!  So this is where all the other adults are!  I knew the child-to-adult ratio was third-world on the upper floors!  Here I found the typical showers, hot/cold pools, steam rooms, etc that Korean spas are known for.  I hope my kids were ok while I was down here.  I heard dim screaming on the upper floors while I had some moments of relaxation.   Other Amenities: I couldn't find towels to dry off, so I used a T-shirt.  The T-shirt was actually quite useful, because they didn't have any medium outfits, so I had to wear a size two-times larger.  This extra surface area helped me dry off.  It also made me pull up my shorts the entire time I was there, which is like exercising for free!  And adds to my "cool" look by saggin' my shorts. Why one star? I give one star for making us see people who were trying to relax!!  *WHY* on earth would you try to do that, here?  I'd recommend SpaWorld in the K-town-ish suburbs area of Washington DC, in Virginia.  Or any other traditional jimjilbang, like they have in Korea.  In fact any spa anywhere.  But don't come to my special Times Square Wet & Naked, trying to ruin some good family chaos, mkay? I suppose for those suckers, the silver lining is that Flushing is full of amazing Korean BBQ's which could almost erase the memory of a spa disaster. If you simply can't resist coming, despite my review, here are some tips: - They checked our bags coming in.  Luckily I discretely brought in a couple snacks, saving us the expensive food. - The above advice has an amazing benefit at checkout, which was JUST AS LONG as the line to come in.  Spend no money inside, and you can leave quickly. - We brought our own towels, but didn't absolutely need them.  Provided towels are very small.  Your choice. - At $45 dollars, we didn't feel completely ripped off.  But we would certainly never come here again, unless to make a case for our continued deferment of parenthood.
been there twice * both times same experience.  Nice place to spend the day to get away, BUT the staff needs to go to customer service/courtesy class 101 * a bit on the rude side.  Dont like to be treated as a second class citizen when I m paying for a service, PS someone stole my sliver flip flops !!!!!
Went here for the 1st time not knowing what to really expect. Arrived w a friend around 8:45 am, got our uniforms & lockers (just put your shoes in the reg locker, no need for a separate shoe locker which was what they gave us) We walked upstairs & went outside to the pools/Jacuzzis. Its a brisk November morning but it felt great, there were only 2 other people there so its was nice & quiet. After a while we tried most of the saunas & enjoyed them, all the hot ones & the ice one too. The décor was really nice too. We only stayed until 11 am, but we could've stayed longer because we were really enjoying ourselves. Prices for food & services seemed a bit high so I would eat beforehand if you can.  The massages look tempting, so maybe if u want to splurge. Will go back again if I see another voucher, but only on a weekday morning as I can see the wknds being crowded esp in summer.
This place use to meet korean standards now it only meets the standards of its local neighborhood. But whitestone is no palisades park. The quality has declined with the urban staffing and utter disrespect for Asian etiquette.  The urban folks treat this place like it's their private Jacuzzi and mean mug you when you put your penis in their face.
Out of the world spa experience!!! Who needs to travel to Korea when you have a taste of it in queens. Great food and outdoor pools!!
i wanted to share my experience with you. last week i visited (for the first time) inspaworld. i was very impressed by everything: the saunas, wet pools, organization......But....... it's been 5 months since i gave birth, and wanted to treat myself and my husband to a hotstone massage. i cannot explain, how hurt we both were from that massage. it suppose to be a relaxing massage, but i came out with black and blue marks on me. we were treated so badly that I had to take Motrin the following night. I don't even remember whether she used any stones (since it was suppose to be "hotstone" massage). the message is - i don't think the woman working there know what relaxing massage is. i am sure there are customers asking to be twisted in their spines, but i really did not want to be, and i specifically asked for a specialty massage. that massage left me with a bitter experience.
I came here a while ago, sometime in September. It was not too bad but it was not my favorite spa. I came here on a groupon so opposed to the $45 entrance fee I only paid I believe $20. So it was definitely worth it! The food is definitely overpriced but I was starving so I ate fruit worth $12 [like 6 pieces]. There are a variety of saunas you can go into, and one is even cold. It has more options than many places white I like. The drinks are not too bad. They definitely put some liquor in there which is great since you pay for it. There are also several jacuzzis, inside and out, which is nice because you get to sit where you want depending on your mood and not be too crowded. Drinks are not allowed outside I believe which was a little inconvenient. I received a foot massage. It was 30 minutes I think for $40 [maximum] and it was PHENOMENAL! I was so relaxed. The people were so nice. it was honestly everything I could have asked for and more. WORTH IT!!!! Lastly, their method of payment is amazing. you just wear this bracelet [which opens your locker] and you scan it every time you purchase something. this eliminates the hassle of having to carry extra things. Overall, good experience. Eat beforehand!
First off, this review is only for the unisex wet area on the main floor. I never ventured beyond that area. I only intended to use this area and that's what I did. Know what you're getting into: this is not your relaxing zen-like spa area. It is big, lots of running water noises, and (at least on the day I was there) fairly crowded. But it was fantastic! Firstly, and most important in my book, it was clean. Nice. But there was a great selection of various soaking pools from cold to hot. I've never seen such a large collection of pools in one spa area. Showers are numerous, too, and towels are refilled frequently. So many reviews mention all the nakedness. Uh, yeah. It's the human body. Get over yourself or don't go to this area of the spa. If seeing another guy with the same bits you have walking around enjoying the spa bothers you, I think a) you have a problem; and b) you'd be better off avoiding the unisex wet area on the main floor. I simply don't get why this is such a hang up for so many people. Anyway ... Spa Castle knows how to run a spa. I'll be back again, for sure.
Oh spa castle! I want live at your house. And I'll tell you why. 1. You are spacious. So many saunas, so many pools, so many floors. 2. You have smart design details like whirlpool jets that are quick tap activated and heated sleeping area floors. 3. You let me swim outside in the winter. 4. You make my rough, dry winter skin smooth and silky. When I'm with you I forget that I am in the city. Please Spa Castle, let me be your Valentine.
After hearing so many raves, I was a bit disappointed.  DO NOT go on a weekend or holiday - it was way too packed, opposite of relaxing.  There were kids everywhere - it felt like Disneyland or something.  Kids treating the spa pools like swimming pools, kids with their stupid handheld video games in the saunas!  I worried about the sanitary situation in the pools with so many kids.  Some of the adults were no better, checking texts or yammering away about nonsense, disturbing others in the sauna (and obviously not supervising their kids).  People, relax, tune out, just for an hour, please.  And then the food - hamburgers and french fries? Really?  No, I don't have to eat there, and I didn't, but people can get that crap anywhere, why why why include it at a spa?  I might go back late on a weeknight when the kiddies are in bed, see if it's any better.
It only took a year, three more visits, and a Yelp Elite event at Spa Castle for me to finally appreciate it for what it is. I take back my last review, because you really can't find anything else like it in Queens. Quite excited that they're planning on opening a Manhattan location, too! Yes, they increased the admission prices to $40/weekday and $50/weekend. But LivingSocial and Groupon often offer $20 deals. Don't bother with food or drinks, just keep yourself hydrated at their water cooler. Definitely come on a weekday, it's not as crowded and there are fewer small children. The salt room sauna and heated outdoor pool are still my favorite - your skin will feel so soft and wonderful for a whole week afterwards. I suggest going straight after a long, stressful day at work. Preferably with your significant other. Relax, you deserve it.
I admit...I'm a total prude. I don't particularly like to see other people naked except in a bedroom or a computer screen (once in a while...ok more than once in a while). When my friends said we were going to this Korean dayspa complex in Queens that was written up in the new york times, I was excited. I got a full body scrub in Ktown 2 years ago and felt great afterwards. We took the 7 train all the way to end and hopped onto the shuttle bus. My excitement dipped just a bit when I learned that we would all have to get naked to use the hot tubs and saunas adjacent to the locker room. I had just met these friends recently so I was a bit wary of elevating our friendship in this particular way. We sucked in our stomachs, disrobed, and let it all hang out. The first 10 minutes was a bit weird but by the end of the day, it almost became second nature. I really liked the saunas and hot tubs adjacent to the locker rooms. The co-ed saunas on the 2nd level were nice but with so many people and kids running in and out of them, it was hard to unwind. The themed saunas (gold, mineral, salt) were kitchy but fun. No cash is required in the spa. As you walk in, you are given a wristband that opens your own locker and allows you to run up a tab. I got a full body scrub ($50 additional) which was a bit harsh but my elbows have never felt so smooth!! All of us were marveling at how smooth and shiny our skin looked. I highly recommend bypassing the deli food on the 2nd level and going up to the Korean restaurant at top. It's not super expensive and it's decent Korean food. I didn't particularly care for the public pools because of the crowds. If I can avoid chlorine, I'm happy. The pools adjacent to the locker room are not chlorinated, I believe. I'm not sure how these baths are in Korea but it felt like it wasn't too dumbed down for American tastes. I appreciate integrity and the chance to experience something different. The recap: 1. Get ready to see a lot of dick (or vag) in 1 day. Even for a gay man, it was a lot. 2. Get the full body scrub...your skin will be amazing afterwards provided you still have some. 3. Go on a weekday if you can, it was definitely a bit crowded on the Sat. I was there. 4. Leave the magazines, ipods, and other distractions at home...this day was a great way to leave all that behind and just zone out.
I went on March 13 during in the nor'easter rain storm.  Needless to say, I did not venture to the outdoor area due to high winds and wicked rain.  But, enjoyed the time in the saunas, hot tubs and amenities.  Just try to go when it's nice out, no 40+ mph winds :-p Loved that you didn't need to carry your stuff around with the nifty watch/lock and with the hair dryer, moisturizer, toothbrush, water, free (but small) towel already there, you don't need to bring so much stuff with you (except makeup, hairbrush). Food looked pretty good though expensive.  I saw few people with outside food although I am not sure that is technically "allowed." Bring books etc. if you want to spend the whole day there for $45 a day price.
Yesterday was the BEST DAY-OFF EVER. So, I purchased a $100 Deep Tissue Massage at Spa Castle for my boyfriend for Valentines Day. ( I know, I'm an awesome girlfriend.) We planned to take a day off and go on a weekday, as we have heard it is much less crowded (and cheaper). This was true. We had never been before, but heard a LOT about NAKED. I myself couldn't care less about being naked, but I wasn't prepared for the Ladies Only Spa room on the 1st floor. It was actually pretty baddass. Don't be afraid! Being naked is RAD, and seriously, girls don't care. How often do you just get to chillax in the nude? There are little hot tubs all over that you can soak in, and if you're that freaked, no one can see your naughty bits in the pool anyway. (and might I mention, I have long hair, and unlimited conditioner is friggin' awesome.) Everything is super clean, and I LOVE walking around barefoot all day, and thought the uniforms were kinda cute. (orange and pink for girls, blue and grey for boys.) As Mr. Boyfriend went off for his massage, I thought I'd treat myself to a hand massage for $40/30 min. (I'm drawing on the computer all day, and my hands/arms/shoulders and neck all kill me after long bouts..) Can I just tell you, it was PURE BLISS. This girl kicked my hand's ass. A hand massage apparently includes your entire upper body, complete with back-cracking and scalp massage. LOVE IT. ( Mr. Boyfriend said that his massage was the best he has ever had in his life.) The saunas were amazing, we tried every one. The ice room is thrilling after a long session in the super hot sauna...( I didn't really stick around in the color therapy room long, as one of the colors was on constant "Raver Mode". Must have been broken.) The food was pretty good, and even better, (my ultimate favorite), A SWIM-UP BAR. (with jets!) So basically, you can spend an entire day in unadulterated luxury and pampering, AND grab a burger and a beer, WHILE you're getting massaged.  What ELSE could you possibly WANT??!!  Next time, I'd like to go a little earlier, and really splurge on some of the treatments, so I can feel like a fancy lady. My only gripe were the little snot-nosed kids running around playing hide in seek in the saunas, while I'm trying to get my sweat on. But this is not the Spa Castle's fault....it's the parent's. (totally just burned you.)
Spa Castle is an architectural delight , poised with columns of Roman and Greek influence. Anyway , i decided to come here on a Late Sunday afternoon, around 5, with my brother in law , who frequents this place. Admittedly, i am one of those people who took advantage of the Living Social deal , bought two weekend passes for $20 a pop. Upon entering the facility , it was super busy, there is a whole entering process reminiscent of that at the Airport. They give you an electronic watch which is linked to your locker and acts as a "credit" for when you want to make a purchase. Very ingenious, i must stay. Yes , this place is a cash cow. We started out in the "naked region" or as I have come to learn it as the "DONT STARE DOWN REGION'. Ladies and Gentlemen , you will know what i mean if you ever go to this place. Word of advice, keep your head up like your trying to figure out the answer to a hard physics problem. Aside from the initial awkward phase of wandering genitalia. The element of relaxation permeates this place. There are a bunch of jacuzzis and hot pools to rest your sore feet and aching musculature. The sauna and steam room are juxtaposed so you can go in and out, as well as next to the "cold" button, where you press and are instantly cascaded with the arctic force of an Alaskan rain storm. (Yes, i tried it, its a must do). Showers are all over , equipped with bar soap , GEL Douche , and shampoo at each station. There is a person who will scrub you down, for the right price of course. Making your way up, there are various food stations and smooth bars. I opted for the salad bar, where it ran me up to $14 a plate. Food was good, i wasn't really happy with the pricing but i was so relaxed that i gave my wrist watch to scan, almost willingly ( thats how they get you, i guess). After the appetizing salad coupled with a blue moon beverage, we decided to go to the relaxing center. I slept for an hour without a care in the world, because thats what you do here. If only real life was like this. Waking up , we decided to have a plate of fruits to revitalize us from our weakening nap. Then it was up to the roof. Here lay the heated pools and jet streams that will give you a great aqua-massage , if you position yourself accordingly. The hot pools were a great antagonist to the chilly, cold weather. My head was freezing but my body was delightfully warm, an interesting contrast. We rounded out the night with a another visit to the naked region to shower, shave and brush our teeth because YES, they provide you with all the amenities needed for self grooming, even Q-tips and body lotion . I loved the q-tips and body lotion. It felt good to relax and leave the troubles at home. Will be coming back if there is another LS deal.
I am giving this place a 4 because they allow children there and it can get noisy. The best time to go is a monday (and always make sure it's not some absurd holiday you didn't even know about). They have tons of steam rooms presented in igloo formations. Each room has its own theme. Jeromy the bartender is everything, making the experience that much better! The out door roof hot tubes are refreshing in winter. They have a salad bar which is very fresh, juices, and korean soups. It's $40 to get in and you can easily spend 10 hours there. You can have a nice day for $100 or less. The commute on the free shuttle is punctual but can get filled easily (then you have to wait for the next one). So go with a friend that drives b/c it is located in an odd location.
My first experience at Spa Castle was when they still called it InSpa World. I remember at the time it only cost me $10 dollars to get in and it was still new and less crowded. Now it's $35 and upwards. I enjoyed this Korean Bathhouse. For the price you pay, even now, you get a lot of Sauna and Pool options. The problem with that is, because it's so affordable, it can and will get crowded, and your serenity might be taken away with kids running about. Although I love kids, I believe that in an Adult Spa like this, they should be left at home or taken to a Waterpark instead. If only they had an option to check kids in at the door. With that said and set aside, probably also the reason 1 star was taken off, the spa packs a lot of amenities. There are massage services at additional charges that are competitively priced as well. I have not had the pleasure to try it however. The vicinity at the time was kept clean and maintained well. This is something that I think everyone should have the pleasure of checking out but as time progresses, I can see the quality degrading if they don't keep up the maintenance and/or price. It is after all a spa, not a park.
went on a early Friday morning, not to busy until later in the day, there were kids but it wasn't that bad....if anything, some of the older people were more disturbing to look at...not cool when a big 400 pound old women gets into the small jacuzzi with yu...other than that tho, nice atmosphere inside, feels like your at a resort, a nice get away from the normal every day lifestyle of Queens nd def a fun place to go with your girlfriend or close friends
I like the space. It took me some time to settle in because we arrived during what felt like "rush hour" and the pool area was full of people. It was especially full of active children eager to play and roam around. They were screaming and playing and doing what kids do... Which didn't help me relax. The pool area is nice. It has several chair like section with individual jets for the back and feet. I enjoyed getting a spot at one of those. Next we got some Korean food on the forth floor. Note to readers, food on the bar floor is cheaper than it is on the other two floors. Even if you just get fries, it will be $1 cheaper than on the pool floor. I got the tofu soup which was good. The saunas are not very big. There are about 5 of them. The temp was about 60 degrees for the ice room and 140/180+ for the hot rooms. The place is clean for the most part, although needed some repairs. We were lucky enough to land at every jet section and chair that was broken. Toward the eve when it emptied a bit I was able to relax and enjoy the facilities. The women's saunas were nice with different jacuzzi options. The only thing to keep in mind is that one can only enter there naked. Overall, I feel relaxed and enjoyed the day at the spa. It is a bit far from my house and given that winter is coming and the outside pool will be closed I am glad I got to try it in the summer.
This place is basically a grownups amusement park.  Beware, the name and concept are complete oxymorons.  'Spa' implies relaxation, quiet, calm.  Amusement Park is high energy, jumping from one thing to another, a lot of activity. If you're expecting 'Spa', this place isn't for you.  If you're ready for an amusement park, it makes for a fun event with friends, family, etc. So, yes, prepare to expect the following: 1. Tacky color uniforms.  The part that makes it ok is that everyone is wearing the same thing.  And I guess it's a good thing people aren't wearing what they want to wear.  Can you imagine the strange / inappropriate outfits people might choose to wear when left to their own devices?  It'll be like Junior High School - boys with their saggy butt-crack pants and girls with their skanky 2 sizes too small shirts and skirts. 2. Barefeet everywhere.  I guess germaphobes might not enjoy this.  But to be honest, I took my germaphobe aunt here and she loved it.  She loved the cleanliness of the entire place, even with the transition from water to indoor floors.  Sure beats tripping over shoes and / or chipping floors. 3. Bring only the basics.  Keep your jewelry at home.  And pack light.  The lockers are only so big.  Bring a bathing suit, lotion, face wash, toothpaste and clothes you can easily get out and get into. 4. Nude locker rooms.  This part is probably what freaks me out the most.  And the one part that they are pretty weak in enforcing.  I'd prefer the nudity be kept to just the gender specific sauna area and limited in the locker room area.  People need to keep their moomoos and hoohas to themselves. But alas, some women (dunno what the mens locker rooms are like) just don't mind bearing all. The part that annoys me are people who have no idea that the relaxation room is a dressed area - even if it is in the gender specific locker room area. 5. Decent food and food variety. Don't expect waiter service here.  Order at the counter and pay attention for your number to be called.  The food is decent - it's not gourmet but it certainly hits the spot after sweating a few pounds off. 6. Crowds.  The place can facilitate hundreds of people, thus the hundreds of lockers and the monstrosity of a 'Castle'.  Don't be surprised if you have to wait a few minutes to get a spot in one of the water massage jets or the grottos.  Also, don't expect everyone to be smart enough to read and adhere to the etiquette signs.  This place is also child friendly so be kind.  It's a parents get-away and probably their only opportunity to go to a spa for a long time. 7. Constant cleaning.  If you leave a towel down for too long, it will disappear.  Don't complain.  I'd rather have the place in order than tripping all over towels and toothbrushes. 8. Easy payment: It's like at the all-inclusive resorts.  You get a card to charge everything to and then when you leave, u have to checkout and pay your bill.  But here, instead of a card, it's a wrist band.  GENIUS!  It's the key to your shoe locker, your clothing locker AND all the additionally priced amenities.  Those crazy Koreans think of everything! 9. Lots of free amenities. Sterilized hair brushes, hair dryers, lotion... I think (the bottle was labeled emulsion), shampoo, conditioner, body wash, showers, small towels, bags for wet garments, toothbrush, sterilized cups, filtered water, open seating, wifi, shuttle bus service from the subway, valet parking etc. 10. Lot of paid amenities. large towels, beach towels, gym, juice bar, sushi, dim sum, korean food, salad bar, noodles, bottled water, make up remover, and so much more I have yet to discover. So, if you dig these 10 things, pay this place a few visits.  I can see myself becoming a regular here.
I am going to preface this review by saying I am going to go back to give it another shot.  With that being said: Positives:  The Mens locker room is a traditional Korean Spa.  I like setting and it was really relaxing and kind of awesome.  There were 6 different pools with different water temperatures and interesting themes.   There was also an amazing sauna and steam room which I really enjoyed.   One of my favorite parts was the seated showers with wooden stools.  Each stool had a mirror with personal flexible shower nozzle.  You are offered shaving cream, razors, toothbrush, and toothpaste.  For some reason (and I can not really explain why) this was a really relaxing experience. Negatives: The Unisex areas...Floors 1-3 were awful.  They were over crowded, dirty, filled with children (last thing I want to deal with at a spa), and rowdy.  Not my type of crowd for sure. They "ran out of sandles".  Not one customer had footware on.  We all walked around barefoot and it seemed a bit unsanitary for me.   The staff seemed overworked and undertipped.  They were not motivated and to be honest, I don't blame them.  I witnessed 2 circumstances where the customer was completely harassing the employee. Like I said, I would go back to give it another shot, but if I have another experience like I did, I will find another way to relieve stress.
I love this place I went here for my birthday with a friend and fell in love with the place. You have the option of not doing any spa treatments and just hanging by the pool and bar area. Every spa treatment was wonderful,  the ladies were attentive and very nice. The place is close to all major highways so it is easy to get too, the food area has many options to choose from. The downside is the parking, if you do not want valet parking street parking is available and it can be hard to find. The place take kids so if you go on the weekend be prepared to have a bunch of kidsto be in the pool and running around.
After 7 hours of resting and relaxing in Spa Castle my body feels so relaxed. Will definitely go back here next month. Plus, they are opening a Manhattan location next Month. Going to check that out too... so satisfy with the water stream massages. They were awesome to say the least. The heat saunas are cool too but we didn't even get the chance to go to all of them. Plus I didn't get a chance to nap in the napping room like I wanted. Next month will definitely do that. Plus next time I will get the salt scrub. I'm a little embarrassed thou cause you have to be fully nude while a woman in her underwear garments scrub your whole body with sea salt. But it looks so relaxing and nice to do. I will consider.   今天在水疗中心玩得很轻松很舒服。我們在水疗中心七多小时都不愿回家。刚刚回到家。現在全身都轻松了！我想­每兩个月都去一次很值得了！但如果你是害羞在别的女人面前全裸，我不建议你去这个澡堂的水疗中心。每个女人­，和也许每个男人走在沐浴桑拿室周围裸体。
This place would be relaxing if there were no kids allowed , why do a spa where they are kids allowed, there is no relaxation at all...
I always leave here feeling refreshed, relaxed, and completely rejuvenated. This place is awesome regardless of the weather. They have both indoor and outdoor jacuzzis, various saunas, a gym, a dinning area, a bar, and offer many additional services (massages, scrubs, facials, etc..). While I prefer the bathes by the locker room (aka the naked room) I could understand why some people are hesitant to enter that area but I would encourage you to do so. The downstairs bathes are completely freeing and allow you to decompress and forget all your worries, and if you are with friends you have the opportunity to reach another level of bonding.     Pros: They are clean, friendly, and affordable. Cons: Getting there can always be a trip since it's deep in College Point but it's so worth it and for those none drivers there is a free shuttle service in Main St. flushing that picks up ever 30 mins.
I spent my fourth visit at Spa Castle yesterday, and had a very pleasant experience.  It was not very crowded at all (I was there from about 1 PM until 4PM), had a body scrub and wash, and relaxed for a couple of hours in the men's section (I find this area more relaxing and quiet, and enjoy the freedom of being naked, if only for a few hours).  Each time I have gone to Spa Castle, I have gone by myself, and have very much enjoyed the peaceful, alone time.  I plan on bringing a friend next time to see if the dynamic is different.  The staff is courteous and helpful, and I wish I lived closer so I could go more often.
There are things I loved SO SO much about Spa Castle, but also things that are completely awkward or just uncool. Let's start with the good!: The LivingSocial deal was fantastic. I was very happy not to have paid $50 to enter the facility, but I don't think that would have been too much to pay for all-day access to all of those hot tubs and saunas. They were wonderful and relaxing and fun. Sitting in a massage chair for ten minutes while drinking coffee to perk myself up after having had a pina colada in one of the pools and then laying in a sauna room? AMAZING. Okay, so then the not-so-good: First and foremost, the gender policy. If you are female, you go to the women's locker room and get a pink uniform; if you are male, you go to the men's locker room and get a blue uniform. What if you are genderqueer/gender non-conforming, or transgender, or just not into this proscriptive binary nonsense? That describes roughly 75% of my friends. Deeply uncomfortable stuff. There's also the uneven enforcement of policies and the price gouging. I got a 30-minute foot massage that probably should have cost half as much as it did; it was mediocre and the room was not kept quiet, but it still felt good, I can't lie. But a $10 frozen yogurt? A $14 so-so cocktail? A $290 90-minute massage? What?! Eat and drink before you go, for sure. Also, staff was strict about things like making sure you have your uniform on over your bathing suit on certain floors, but didn't seem to notice the children screeching and splashing people in the indoor pools. I'd go back--it is a lovely facility overall--but god forbid I was trans.
This spa is set up like spas / sentous (bath houses) / onsens (hot springs) in Asia, hence the all nudity rule in the gender separated areas, as well as the uniform rule for the co-ed areas of the spa. Spa Castle specifically adheres to Korean sauna (Jjimjilbang) standards. Therefore, for anyone coming here, it's not just a spa experience- it's a cultural experience as well. The spa is set up into 4 sections. The main floor is split by genders and you must be fully nude for this area of the spa. I know a lot of people have a problem with this, but this is how they do it in Asia. (Queens is, after all a very culturally diverse part of NYC) Frankly put, it's nothing to be nervous about since everyone is naked and everyone is thinking about enjoying the pools themselves. Here you can also find dry and wet saunas where you can just be in a towel, as oppose to being uniformed upstairs. The second floor is the general sauna area and I absolutely love the big Loess Soil sauna room. Here there is also a salad and fruit bar... but as expected it's extremely expensive. The third floor is the outdoor pools. The fourth is the Korean restaurant that serves ok Korean food. It's also kind of expensive (if we are to compare with outside restaurants), but what choice do we have? Expect to pay $12 for kimchi jjigae and $15 for bulgogi and rice. Three things that come to mind with this place: 1) In both Japan and Taiwan, they hand you towels as you enter a bath house so that you can cover your privates while you walk around and get to the showers and pools in the gender separated areas. Here, you have to strip down and walk yourself into the bath area to get a towel. I really wished that it weren't like this. But I assume they do it this way so that you can't get towels while you are in uniform. 2) I notice that a lot of the clientele nowadays completely disregard the uniform only rule for the second floor sauna areas. They'll walk on down from the outdoor pools to the second floor in their bikinis and swim shorts. I hope that in the future, they'll have staff to regulate this. Let's keep the nakedness strictly in the first and third floor. 3) I also notice that these days a lot of the clientele likes to hug or make out in the open outdoor pool areas. Can we stop this please? My body and my eyes are there to relax... not to be grossed out. If there's one thing that's ruining this spa, it would be the new influx of clientele that are loud and not following the rules. Overall, while to me the price of entrance is kind of expensive to take a bath and enter a sauna, it's still a very unique place in New York to just get away. Have an open mind with the nude areas, bring a nice swimsuit and bring lots of money- it'll be a great time there! --- Update November 13, 2013 It's been a while since I've been back to Spa Castle. The upkeep has definitely declined for this place. In the shower area, most of the shampoo/body soap dispensers don't have their caps anymore and they've mixed both with water as it seems. It used to be where they had placed this nice smelling Korean face lotion in the guys area... now we just get Vaseline lotion. Gross.
Not busy anymore!  Summer is officially over
Went with one of my friends recently. We had a great time. The naked areas were comfortable and you MUST shower before getting into the different temperature pools. The unisex area upstairs had a variety of saunas, all of which were wonderful and relaxing. We each got a 30 minute foot massage for a pretty good price. All and all, great experience. There is no need to be shy in the nude area because women of all shapes and sizes attend. They had other swimming areas where you can go with swimsuits, but we didn't go to those areas.
Since I've been here twice, I figured I should probably leave a review. If you're expecting a quiet, calm, spa where you're wrapped in a fluffy robe and doted on, this is not the place for you. You pay to enter ($40 weekday, $50 weekend) and that gets you access to the gender-specific nude areas (yes, the hot tubs, saunas, jets in the gender-specific areas are nudity required) and two levels of co-ed saunas and hot tubs. You lock your shoes up and they hand you a uniform. When in the locker rooms/gender specific areas, nudity is the rule. If you're not comfortable with that, it's ok! Just put your bathing suit on under the uniform and head upstairs. But please don't gawk at the naked people--that's super rude. If you decide to book a service like  a scrub (oh my god the scrub, yes) it'll also be in this area. A 30 minute korean scrub runs $50 (includes tip) and you will literally see the dead skin roll off you. They scrub everywhere. Literally everywhere. And it's awesome. You will be so freaking soft and it's just the best thing. All the saunas are on the first level. There are something like 8 of them I think? (check the website to be sure) And they're all different temperatures. We like to alternate between 10 minutes in a hot one and then another 5-10 in the ice room. Yes, there is an ice "sauna". No, it's even more awesome than you can imagine. The second floor has the co-ed outdoor pools/jets/hot tubs and it tends to get really busy later in the day. Expect kids on weekends. But it's a blast. Make sure to try the japanese cedar hottub. On the very top floor there is a ramen place which is pretty good. The salad bar on the first floor is also alright and kind of expensive, but I think I'll try something else next time. All the food/snacks we had there were good, so it's really difficult to go wrong. Your entry fee gets you in for as long as you want during the day and they have a few areas to nap if you need a break from all the soaking and relaxing you have to do. It's a rough life. Be open to new things and hopefully you'll enjoy the place. They're opening one in manhattan this fall in midtown, so soon there will be one that's easier to get to. oh, bring a towel with you for the outdoor areas! Otherwise you can rent one for $2
Throw your inhibitions out the window and come get naked at Spa Castle! Step 1: Pay $35 ($45 for weekday) and you get a electronic watch with a number that matches one locker for your shoes and one locker for your clothes. Pick up gaudy orange-and-pink prison uniform. Step 2: This is the best part! Take off all your clothes, put into respective locker, and go back to the days of Adam-n-Eve, when everything was good and clothing was optional. The best part of Spa Castle is that you don't even need to wear the fig leaves!! Step 3: Walk into the hot tub room on the first floor and if it's your first time, yes, you're allowed to ogle for a minute or two since being naked in a room full of complete strangers might feel a bit odd. But take a quick shower, jump into one of the four hot tubs in the middle of the room to relax, then jump into the 77F "Cool tub" for a quick rush of exhilaration.. or if you're REALLY brave go into the 57F "Chill tub" and hop back into the 108F tub. Your skin will feel like its being seared for a Hawaiian BBQ! Step 4: Put horrendous neon outfit back on and head upstairs. TIP: BRING YOUR BATHING SUIT. The third floor which houses all the outdoor pools and tubs are for both sexes, and you will need to wear your bathing suit. On the second floor, you'll find a cafeteria-like buffet station for lunch/dinner options and various Korean desserts and sweets AND 7 different dry saunas. You can pay for it all on your electronic watch... but who the hell would pay $12 for an ice cream?! Yes... I did. But damn, did that Korean pot bing soo (shaved ice with fruit) taste pretty sweet after 30 mins of roasting in 150F+ saunas. Step 5: Try all the different saunas, they have salt ones to release the toxins in your body, infrared saunas to help you "loosen the fat", color-therapy saunas to help you relax... tons! Try all the different ones, it's fun. Don't forget to drink tons of water or else you'll end up with blurred vision and dry mouth! Step 6: Go to the locker room and put your bathing suit on. Head upstairs to the third floor for the hotdoor pools/whirltubs. It's fun but I imagine it might be a kid-crazy zone. I went on a Wed night and there were ZERO whiny, loud kids. Win for me. My mom and I had a blast trying all the different massage jet streams. Step 7: Head back down to the hot tub room, soap vigorously, and shower. Feel refreshed and relaxed. Step 8: Try not to fall asleep on your way home!! Loved my experience here, I'll def be back. But I imagine coming on the weekend might be some what more of a "3 star experience" but Spa Castle def gets 4.5 stars. If they change the stiff, cardboard outfits and give me water in an actual cup, I might give it a 5-er.
Woo Hoo.  I love spa castle.  I for one, am glad it is all the way in College Point for if it were not the place would be packed to the gills daily.  Alas, one can find solace if they make the trek out here on a weekday day.  Clean.  I really wish the food were cheaper but then again one does not come here to eat.  Come with a full belly and a newspaper and enjoy.
Great spa for family or couples. Went there with my husband for our anniversary and we had a blast. It felt as though we had left NY and were in a little paradise. We really enjoyed the Korean Barbecue on the 3rd floor and the massage we got. The staff was helpful and friendly. I am taking my mother there for her 60th birthday and I'm sure she'll love it too.
This place is amazing and I go here as much as I can afford to. It's a little crazy the first time you go - figuring everything out - but the body scrub massage 80 minute service is by far the best service I've ever had in my life - and I've had hundreds of massages and body spa treatments. Definite top ranking for quality. If you can't handle naked bodies - you shouldn't go to a Korean spa btw. Some of these negative reviews are ridiculous. I hate whiners. This place rocks.
Nothing has ever completely flipped my paradigm for a genre the way Spa Castle did. I am not a spa guy, so spa veterans, take my review with a grain of sea-salt, saline, or mineral bath. I don't do facials, massages, scrubs - hell I've never even gotten a mani-pedi before. Likewise, I was definitely spa-phobic and put it in the same category as I ignorantly placed the other self-improvement activities. And then there was you, Spa Castle. Who knew being nude in public could feel like such a warm embrace? ...no, wait. What I mean is, it was an eye-opening experience - hold up. Ok, what I mean is, I came in so skeptical and 6 or 7 hours later, i still did not want to leave this haven of relaxation. So let me try to put my awakening and subsequent love for mega-spas into words. I could elaborate on the locker system, the uniforms, the different saunas, the restaurants, and the fitness center, but I want explore what I truly love about spa castle. First of all I love the sheer quantity of available methods of relaxation and the new-age, holistic ways in which the minerals in the water or on the wall are meant to heal you or encourage emotional and physiological responses. I love the rooftop pool on a warm, sunny day - a day-off from work, no less. So many different jet streams to comfort every muscle on your frame, a hot sauna and Japanese wooden hot-tub mock-up. Bliss. The vibe of the people on a weekday afternoon is palpable - there is the energy of collective mental healing and relaxation. Incredible right? You don't have to believe that part, but it's kind of like church, or Vegas for that matter - when so many people are focused on one thing, you can feel it in the air. Of course this is a great place to bond with your friends & people you care about. Of course this could be a supreme date if you're able to go with someone who's willing to get up close and personal. Bonding with people while simultaneously feeling so good seems to be synergistic. So it's my opinion that you don't go alone if you can help it, but I'm sure going alone is sometimes a desire and there may be more serenity in that. So, this review is kind of cathartic. I couldn't put my finger on why i loved Spa Castle and I would just list all the amenities and price to my friends - that is still a great tactic to convince first timers to go. But now I realize that for me it's the energy in the facility, the bonding with friends, and of course my body's response to all of the myriad relaxation methods that make this place so magical.
I have been going to NY Spa Castle since it opened in 2007 and have always enjoyed it very much. Yesterday a friend and I went and much to our surprise, our bags were searched upon entry. They took away my water bottle. This is new and unfair. I have been bringing water since I first started going. I asked the security person if I drank my entire bottle in front of him would I be able to bring my empty bottle in with me and he said NO! That's just wrong - because he said they were taking bottles because people were bringing in alcohol. I understand - but if I empty my bottle - then there's clearly no alcohol and I can use it to refill with water coolers all over the spa. That's not what they want, obviously - they want us to unfairly spend $4 on a small bottle of water, which is what I had to do! Needless to say, we were very angry about this. This is worse than the airport! Everyone's checked water bottles, including bottles clearly just purchased before coming to the spa, were left sitting on the counter behind the front desk. Despite the fact that I have always loved this spa, I gave it 3 stars to bring this matter to everyone's attention.
Spa Castle is awesome!  So much fun and very relaxing. Gets one star deducted because it can be crowded and is hard to get to in Queens.  But if you're in the right mood to look past those two things, it is so worth it.
Due to high chlorine levels in pool, and rock salt being used on floors outside of pool and then dragged into pool by patrons, all SIX members of our group suffered from CHEMICAL BURNS.  We had horrible,.visible rashes and pain.  Our bathing suits were even terribly discolored! When we complained to the manager and left, all they said was "sorry, we will look into it." No refund offered, no discount, nothing! Disgusting display of customer service.
I went with two friends to this place.  The spa mecca is pretty much situated in the middle of a residential neighborhood off the Whitestone Expwy.  If it is your first time, the building itself is quite vast.   Street parking is available but they got valet parking in the back, take the side street on the left side of the building.  You just need to pay only tips to the valet guys. Facility access fee is $35 weekday/$45 weekend.  They accept all major credit cards except for AMEX.  If you need cash, there is a ATM machine on the left side ($2.00 ATM surcharge fee).  It didn't work for me that time, but I had my debit card.  After paying the access fee, you are handed a wristwatch with a number imprinted (Blue for guys, Pink for ladies). As you enter the locker room, you need to take your shoes off and put them in the shoe locker, opened through your electronic wristwatch (just put the wristwatch against the sensor).  Then you can walk over to your clothes locker and put in your stuff.   Before entering the spa complex upstairs, you will need to take a shower and baths in your locker area.  Of course, you will need to do this naked with other guys.  It's not a huge deal (as stated by other reviewers).  The shower/sauna/baths area is quite large so you are not too close to each other.  The open shower stalls are found on the left side or the semi-enclosed stalls on your immediate right.  There are four baths in the middle (kiddie, warm, hot, and event).  The chilled baths are in the back as well as the massage baths.  There is a wet and dry sauna in the far left back.  If you want to pay extra you can get the body scrub and massage.  There are disposable toothbrushes and razors available too. After you dry off, you can take a small towel, and shirt and shorts (S, M, L, XL).  There is also a relax area if you want to take a short nap.  After that you can walk upstairs into the main spa complex. The main floor consists of the various saunas (LED, gold, jade, loess, iceland), massage chairs, eating area, juice bar, buffet/yogurt/sushi bar, the lavendar spa and massage area.  Essentially, it's the main place to congregate with other spa visitors.  I used the open shiatsu massage which was $75 for 60 min.  If you want to schedule a private massage (deep tissue, swedish, oil, hot stone), you need to schedule in advance.  If you want to schedule on the day of, you may get a slot or be prepared to wait a few hours. If you take the stairs to the mezzanine, there is the foot/hand massage on the right and the relax/tv area on the left.  The third floor is pretty much the pool area, both inside and outside.  You got a rental/purchase bar for shorts, beach towels, other accessories.  On one side, you got the kiddie pool, the foot and massage pool.  Outside, you got heated pools, the waterfalls (which shoots strong jets of water so be careful).  The Aqua Bar is there for drinks.  You also have bathroom and lockers where you can change your swimsuit though I have seen folks wear the spa castle shirt and shorts over their swimsuit. On the top floor, you got the fitness center.  It's an extra $5 if you are a non-member.  For food, you got the Sky Restaurant and a patio for a good view in case of good weather. At the conclusion of your stay, get dressed and there is a checkout line where they will process your wristwatch (don't lose it!  there is a $50 lost fee) and give your final bill.  For those that try to skimp out their bill, you will unfortunately get photographed and placed on the Shame on You wall. Overall, it was a great stay.  I think you can get a lot of value if you stay there for several hours.  Thank you Spa Castle!
I came here during spring break for the first time.I took the train and then got on the shuttle bus.I missed the bus by 1 minute so i had to wait more time. So be on time. The shuttle bus was a bit hard to find at first since there aren't any sign posted around to notify that your in the correct spot. When i got there the staff did not welcome us they were very serious. Then we were search by the security like everyone. Decent check nothing inappropriate. Don't bring any outside item. if you like try to hide a bottle of water in your bag but try it at your own risk. Once again it was my first time here so the watches to open the lockers caught me by surprise i have no clue how to use them at all since no instructions were giving to me.I had to ask strangers for help. While in the lockers I've notice there was a nude area which i wanted to experience so i did. Then we were giving uniforms to wear pink shirts with grey pants. I thought that was very pretty. Then finally the relaxation stared i got to enjoy all the sauna and pools. The Sauna's were amazing.Outside the Sauna there was food available which was great which you pay for your watch and pay at the end when your leaving so keep track of your purchases . The place was kept very clean at all time while i was there.Theres two major thing i did not like about this Spa first CHILDREN , so don't think your going to relax too much there always running around and making noises.Second the massage was overpriced for my budget. Other then that it was a good experience for only $35 on a week day. Prices at 45 now
Ive been to spa castle twice with my girlfriend. They have over 6 differnt saunas. The outdoor pools are nice.  They get more exciting when you go in the winter since the water is kept warm. They also have a gym but Ive never bothered to use any of the workout equipment. The only bad part is that its really far, so if you dont have a car you might have a hard time getting there and the food and massages are really expensive. Keep in mind that  the pool close almost 1 hour before the spa shuts down. Other than that, its something nice to try, if youve never been to a spa before.
I still smell bleach on my skin after numerous showers! Chlorine levels so high we are covered in burns! When letting the staff know all they can say is "oh sorry".  Tried to speak to management to no avail!! Called numerous times and management has always "just stepped out"! Absolutely horrible!
Wahhh..... Ok, enough of the whining and crying.  Read the reviews before you go so you aren't surprised by what this place offers.   Yes, the scrubs hurt.  But you get glowing skin after! Yes, the shiatsu is supposed to bring tears to your eyes.   Yes, you should be naked in the gender-specific bath areas.  Nobody is looking at you.  Puh-leez... vain. Yes, folks are right.  Bring a big towel if you want, bring a water bottle, etc.  They give you toothbrush, shampoo, soap, etc. Yes, its like $3-$5 in Korea, but we are not in Korea! Yes, it is a cultural thing.  Deal with it and learn or stay home :) And no, it's not for everyone... In Korea, these bath houses are common.  I grew up going to one myself as a kid so I frequent King Sauna in Jersey.  However, this past Friday was my very first trip to Spa Castle.  I took my very apprehensive husband, bribing him with the awesome outdoor heated pools to swim in and snacks like baked eggs and paht-bing-soo (shaved ice, fruit, ice cream, red bean, rice cakes, yumminess)!  EVERYONE loves these...   We parked, walked in, paid $35 per person, got our uniforms,  changed and met in the 1st floor by 10 a.m.  I like the locker system better than manual key system.  It's easier and it's like a watch! After a quick "tour" then went up to the top floor to eat breakfast.  We split an order of kimchi jigae ($10) and baked eggs (3 for $2)!  My husband liked the abundance of pork in the soup and I savored the eggs which are browned from the baking :)  Soup was mediocre. We then waltzed down a level to the outdoor heated pools with all the various jet streams to massage all parts of your body!  We loved the "seats" built in the pools best!  It was cold out, but sunny and the pool was heated nicely.  The hot tub was a nice soak before heading back in... After we got out of our suits, we hit the snack bar.  We got a shrimp dumpling (do not get, its WAY over-priced and not good), a corn dog and a shrimp noodle bowl.  It was definitely over-priced but a treat for us on this mini-vacation. With our full bellies, we tried the dry sauna rooms.  We visited every one to feel the different temperatures and "effect" like gold, salt, sauna, jade, etc.  We spent some time in the salt one and jade one.   To cool off after sweating it out in the saunas, we got our paht-bing-soo.  It was $12 but really big and so good!  They didnt skimp on the ingredients and we really enjoyed it.   At this time, we had booked a swedish massage for him and a body scrub for me in the women's bath area.  My husband said it was a really good massage and he would do it again.  After I soaked in the hot tubs for 30 min, I was scrubbed from head to toe.  I LOVED my scrub.  I always do... after the scrub, she gave me a mini-facial and washed  my hair.   NOTE: they will go there and everywhere so don't do this if you are shy.  It's like a longer bikini wax session in a way?  Dont' say I didn't warn ya... Best part was that we went when there was no crowd.  In fact, toward the end of our day is when it started getting busier.  I highly recommend weekday visit and going earlier in the day.   $265 and almost 7 hours later, we left clean, polished, relaxed, full and happy.
I liked them before, when just open. They became very expensive, they charging 3 y.o. kids 40$, the customer service is horoble! You don't know where to complaine. BAD BAD BAD customer service. Don't know how to keep their clients. Location is very far away. They should understand the business is not going to work this way. I am not going there anymore...
I absolutely LOVED this place.  I had such a relaxing and pampering day.  I felt renewed afterwards.  The Spa Castle was clean, relaxing, and soothing.  The saunas were wonderful.  I love the variety of services that were offered.  Warning though, if you don't feel comfortable being naked in front of other women then this may not be the place for you.  You are only naked in the woman's bath area because it is an open space.  This area is separate from the men's section so no need to fear.  The massages and facials were a bit pricey.  But well worth it.
I was on a mission to find a spa similar to this one I went to in Japan that had pools with varying levels of heat and water pressure, and this is by far the best I have tried out on the east coast! The facilities are quite clean and very spacious. It's $40 to enter during the weekday and $50 during the weekend, and you are able to use the facilities as you please (massages and scrubs are added-on amenities). They give out watches with your locker number - these watches help lock the lockers and also can be used to pay for food/drinks/massages - pretty high tech stuff. The pool complex is very spacious with heated pools located both outdoors and indoors. The outdoor space is coed whereas the indoor pools are located in the changing rooms and are gender specific/nude. There is also a bar located at one of the outdoor pools and a separate kiddie pool for the youngsters. What I loved about this place was the indoor space - highly recommend if you can get past the nudity part. Most of the pools are higher in heat here (approx. 100-180°F) and 2 of the pools are for cooling down and are approx. 50-70°F. There is also a wet sauna and a dry sauna. Also, the indoor pools are much cleaner!! The food here is gross coming from an asian with expectations of how korean food should be. It is also very expensive. My family and I ordered food at the self-serve buffet for 3 people and it was $70 total - microwavable food might've even tasted better. Water is $2.50 per bottle. There is a free shuttle service between spa castle and Flushing. Specifically the car runs approx. every 30 minutes from Spa castle to the One hotel at Union St and Northern Blvd. The shuttle runs both ways - pretty sweet if you ask me. Advice: -Bring your own towels or its $2 to rent a beach/full sized towel (otherwise they have mini towels which are free to use) -Come during the weekday, its less crowded! Recommendations: I'd have to agree with some yelpers here - management if you are reading this, please have an adults only section so that kids are not constantly interrupting my zen-mode!
there arent many places you can go to in new york where you can truly relax. SPA CASTLE is the epitome of relaxation! ive been here 4 times now and every time is awesome. its quite far from just about everywhere, but worth it once you get there. catch the 7 to main street in flushing, then take a shuttle that runs every 20 mins. once youre there, $35 gets you a watch that you can electronically use for everything. basically a credit card and a locking device. swipe for a massage! swipe for a plate of chicken wings! its great (though a little too easy to lose track of how much youve spent and you're shocked and slightly embarrassed when you get a $200 bill outside!) ground floor - women and men are separated. this is the locker room / area for rub downs and scrubs / heated little pools / sauna / showers. everyone is naked and if you're shy about it (like most are initially) it doesn't take more than 2 minutes to feel comfortable. no one is staring at the cellulite on your thighs and judging, cause they're too concerned about the pimple on their ass. so start relaxing! next floor up is food, tvs, manicure areas, massages with clothes on. this is co ed and everyone is in their colorful shorts and shirts 'uniforms'. lounging around in a leather chair and eating papaya in a tshirt and shorts? AWESOME. food is pretty expensive in this area - $7 smoothies, fruit thats $10/per pound, etc. theres also coffee and frozen yogurt. on the other side of this floor is a bunch of heated saunas and 1 ice sauna. super relaxing to go in, lie down on a tatami mat and sweat those toxins out. then immediately go to the ice room and cool down. STAY HYDRATED! so easy to get dizzy going in and out of these rooms. next floor up is the outdoor pool - awesome to go in the winter cause the pools are heated and it feels great to think about all the other people in their coats running around outside in the city while youre wearing a bathing suit and sweating! the next floor up offers traditional korean food (which is really good, even by my korean friends' standards) and a huge leather lounging area. feels night clubby on one side and less so on the food side, where an older korean woman is peeling cabbage for kimchi. only in queens!! its hard not to spend hours upon hours here!
Let me just start with if you haven't been here, GO.   I ventured into spa castle after seeing an add with pictures on the side of a building.  After reading endless reviews I decided to go ... First I went by myself and spent 6 hours there I had never felt more relaxed in my life.  Big suggestion go in the naked bath area even if you are not into that scene, because I was not either.  There are some amazing jets and this can be as relaxing as the bade pools.   Immediately after going I called all of my friends and family and told them to come visit so that everyone could get a taste of this place I like to call heaven.   A week later my sister and her friend came to visit and we spent the morning there... I found that going with another person definately was more fun than going by yourself because although there are lots of different spots here to try out, It is still a little lonely if you plan on spending the whole day there like I did.   I am definately going to try to go back one more time before I leave and also make plans to come to NY again possibly just to come here with some girlfriends for the day. Although the 35 dollars you spend on a weekday is well worth it, Spa Castle lost a star for the price of everything else.  Food is ridiculously expensive as well as drinks.  It says no food or drinks aloud, But we packed a full lunch and waters and gatorade so that we could prevent getting rob by the amount it costs for food here.
Really enjoy this place.  Great food, nice facilities with lots of different saunas to try.  I love the wet area downstairs with hot and cold pools, the dry saunas on the first floor, the bade pool on the second.  I had the body scrub last time and it was a good experience overall.  Just don't expect the attendant to be gentle!  Try the beef stew up on the top floor it's excellent.  The frozen yogurt is good too, although a bit steep at $11!!  Drawbacks:  there's always some little rugrats scampering around opening up the sauna doors just to look and letting out the heat.  Also someone is invariably having a conversation at full volume.  Don't go if you're expecting 'serene.'  Overall good.
I was here with some friends last night and it was my first time going there in thw evening. The place wasn't busy at all. We had the pool to our selfs. The out door pool was heated to 80 degrees. The restaurant closes early, around 9. But there are other food such as burgers , sushi rolls, and salad bar. We had a great time, a great place to hang out with friends. Will be back in few weeks. Very clean place.
Good spa. I would not go on a weekend again, because there are lots of families with kids. It was not relaxing with kids running around the pool. The body scrub was terrific.
A bit of a challenge to get there... A friend led the way... Not sure I could get back... Spa was good - but can only do hot water so many ways. Foot massage was brutal! Loved it!!! Worth trying, but bring your wallet if you're spending much time here - easy to rack up a bill quickly using the little watchband gizmo they give you at checkin. The shuttle runs every half hour - it filled to capacity but the driver wouldn't leave because his boss said he can't leave early! Pretty stupid rule and a driver that can't make a sensible decision.
Rude,Rude,Rude-all the staff we came across were lack of service,smile,courtesy... Started fr reception to food servers(2 asian guys at DimSum /icecream counter) to checkout female cashier to valet parker!!It was not pleasant for someone experiencing the premise for the 1st time.We were there fr 1p-3.30p Monday 8/27th. The young man (spanish) who escorted my 10yr old thru the men's locker room was the only nice person.WE waited over 15mins to get another staff on way out to walk my son thru the locker but no on came after 1 request with the staff in Ladies Locker room and again at juice bar. A young man with staff uniform was on way down to locker room and when I asked if he could walk my son out, he responed"I am out.Not on duty.Sorry " and ran off.If a minor gets hurt one day in the locker room, this company will be sorry-signed waiver or not!!The woman at check out was so rude-her favourite response was "I don't know". This place is not all it cut out to be. We left 2 Ralph Laurent towels in the women locker and when I called to inquire with Lost and Found, the female staff said she would call me with follow ups and she never did but a manager responded very promptly after I wrote a comment on thier website,
Amazing place A lot of different pools with different temp A place where you can really relaxed Also on the lower floor has a different saunas also with different temp so you can experience different feeling. I loved the the hottest sauna feels so good after. Sweat so much. Not fan of the cold sauna but I stayed for couple min just to wake up A better choice is if u go with friend have someone else to drive u cause after these place u definitely feel like u want to go to bed right away and just fall a sleep Just amazing
This was my first time to a spa ever.  The gf thought it was a good idea and who am I to turn down a massage? The entrance fee was 35 dollars.  What that got us was access to the shower rooms, saunas, pool, and lounging area until closing.  Massages were extra as well as food and drinks.  It was cool to see that my identity was eliminated and I was assigned a numbered bracelet for all my additional charges as well as my locker key. Now, it's easy to see the cultural differences here.  Americans for some reason are really shy when it comes to nudity.  I've noticed in Europe and Asia, no one cares.  Here, there was a good mix of people who were freaked out and those who did not care.   The shower room was au natural and consisted of two main shower areas one standing and one area with wooden stools.  This area also had 4 pools (2 event pools, one hot pool, and one cold pool)  The event pool for Thursdays apparently is lemon, so the water apparently had lemon infused into it or something like that.  There were also two saunas one at 190 degrees and one at 160 degrees, at least that's what the signs said.   The saunas were pretty wild.  They had a sauna room lined with gold, another lined with salt rock, another with infrared light, and one lined with jade.  There was also a cold room.  The saunas weren't very big and I could definitely see these rooms get overcrowded on busy days.  Fortunately, we came during a non-peak day. The pool areas consisted of an outdoor roof pool area and an indoor pool area.  None of the pools were for swimming.  The intent was to take advantage of the jets and their massage capability.  I would highly recommend bringing your own swim trunks and maybe your own towels.  You can rent swimsuits there as well as towels, but why when you can easily bring your own. The massages were pretty crazy.  Tip:  Do not mess with old Asian women.  They are freakishly strong and are quite capable of ripping your arm out of its socket.  I was convinced that the woman was trying to rip my head off.  The pain was so bad at some points that I thought I was going to crap myself on the table.  After that though, I felt pretty relaxed.   If you don't go with the Swedish massage, I would highly recommend getting a foot massage.  It was definitely very relaxing and you can watch tv while they work.  They work your feet and your legs up to your knees. The food was pretty good.  We got the bibimbap and soondubu.  Pretty fresh and very tasty.  The banchan was good also.  They have a pretty extensive menu and snack bar. Some stuff that I thought was kind of weird were the sleeping floor and the lounging area.  The floor was basically a hardwood floor where people were able to lie down and go to sleep.  Nutty Asian people.  The lounging room was a room full of lazyboys with televisions attached.  Sorry, I didn't pay 35 dollars to go do what I can do at home.   Bottom line:  Would I do this again?  Probably, but not for another couple of years.  It's expensive and can get pretty crowded during peak hours.
This is a very nice place to spend a day.  Yes, it is pretty much like a nudist beach, but at a spa.  But it is sooo relaxing, and it is always a comfortable environment.  Many different levels and things to do, I love the gold room, the heated floor, and the pool with the air jets. I come here all the time as soon as I get off of the plane.  It's less than 20 minutes from La Guardia.
- Restaurants and Bars at the Spa Castle didn't open on time so we had to wait around. - Staff of Asian and Russian decent were super unfriendly all around; from the cashier girl to the guys working at the restaurant and the bartender. We weren't even greeted upon our arrival, not a smile and no "Thank you and we hope to see you back soon"! - Nobody told us what to do after we paid and were in. You are supposed to take your shoes off, put them in a locker then move in further and find the next locker. There were no instructions from anybody. Just odd! - Robes were out when we got there at 10.30am - The website didn't state that you may want to bring your own towels otherwise you'd have to rent them there. - A bunch of horny old creepers cruising around the man's only bubble pools that you are only allowed in naked. - some nail clipping going on in the man's locker room - overall a super tacky place!
My friend and I got a Living Social deal for Spa Castle and decided to check it out on a Saturday. Getting there was a nightmare, as it is in the middle of nowhere in Queens and they don't have any parking available. I'll admit, it felt quite sketchy! But we were feeling adventurous so all we wanted was to get there and see what this place was all about. When you get there, they give you a bracelet which opens your two lockers (one for your shoes, one for everything else) and lets you charge stuff to it. It would have been nice if the staff member in the lobby who took our vouchers gave us an intro to the place, as we were dazed and confused. Moving on to some things you need to know before buying that half-off voucher: 1- Your voucher gives you access to the pools, waterfall, jacuzzi, steam rooms, ice room, infrared sleep section, and the dining areas. 2- Voucher does not include massages (which are exorbitantly priced). 3- Food is extremely overpriced so try to stuff yourself before you get here. My bubble tea cost $6. A cup of frozen yogurt is $10. A roll of sushi is $12+. You get the picture. 4- It's an impressively clean place. Posh, even. 5- While it's posh, the uniforms make it feel like a cult. It kind of creeped me out! Also, the ambiance is ratchet. It feels like the ghetto version of a Caribbean resort. I don't know how else to put it. Do with that what you will. 6- To use the pools and showers inside the women's locker room, you must be naked. Everything else - swimsuit. 7- Bring a towel. 8- Customer service needs work. We were told sushi would take 30+ min to make. Well, we weren't having this nonsense. 9- We spent around 2 hours here. I think that's sufficient. 10- Our favorite parts were the parts of the pool that blew extremely hard water onto your back and legs, and the WATERFALL! :) Once my friend and I left, we were still admittedly dazed. What the freak had we just experienced?! In the middle of nowhere? It felt like a whole another world.
I love how ignorant people here call this is an "ASIAN SPA", NOPE you retards, it's a KOREAN SPA and an authentically KOREAN way of spa/sauna relaxation. Entrance fee is $35 on weekdays and $45 on weekends and you can stay there for as long as you'd like till they close. After paying your admission fee, you get a high-tech wrist watch sort of a thing that you use as your "key" to the lockers. There are two lockers: one for the shoes and another for the clothing. The Traditional Baths here are divided by sex and you are REQUIRED to become naked...yes I mean BUTT-NAKED with your willies or titties dangling around proudly. There is a Starbucks and a Salad Bar on the Main Floor as well as sleeping/resting areas and saunas. On the floor where the outdoor pool is located, there is also a small seating area, a hot tub with jet massage, a bar, and a hot tub outside near the pool...oh yeah and a kiddie pool  as well. There are a few sundeck chairs (??) as well so that you can take in the sun and just RELAX. This place is definitely a GREAT place for family and don't expect weirdos and freaks here (although some of the non-Korean crowd that come here are a bit freaky and LOUD as hell). There is also a bar next to the outdoor pool which was convenient. Oh yeah, you don't have to carry around your wallet here as the wristwatch thing basically has a sensor that lets you get food or drinks and then pay later at checkout. The only downsides of this place I think is that the food/drinks are wayyy too overpriced (Cocktails and Drinks were literally Manhattan prices) and that it's not accessible by a subway. The best way to get here is to hop on their free shuttle frrom the Flushing Municipal Parking Lot across from Woori Bank (if you don't know where it is, SEARCH on YELP bitches!!!) Anyways, had an awesome day playing at the pool, taking some showers, went into the hot tubs in the Traditional baths, took in some sun, and was just a day of pure relaxation on Labor Day. Will definitely return!!
This is definitely an asset to new york It will make you feel so relaxed, the water is very clean and indoor temperature is just right . Food are double priced compare to normal store, and triple priced compare to Flushing. But they are fresh and yummy.
If you want a quick and hassle-free getaway to escape the city and feel you're at a resort, by all means, come here! You don't have to be a "spa person" to enjoy it. This is a fun place to go with a group of friends, or a romantic couples day out. Every time we go, we feel like we are taking a mini-vacation and come back refreshed. It's easy to get to (we take the 7 train to the end and then the free shuttle) and once inside, you don't have to worry about anything, as they have everything you could possibly need and you don't have to worry about cash, as you use a wristband to keep track of any purchases. This time we splurged and got the foot massage which was incredibly professional and relaxing. I feel like I have new feet! There are many food options, but I prefer the Korean restaurant on the top floor, which although a bit pricey is of high quality and you can also order a bottle of soju to share. My only complaint is that at certain times it gets very crowded, esp. during the summer when it's over-run by groups of kids who can be quite annoying if you are there for a quiet relaxing experience. The outdoor area on nice weather days gets extremely crowded. I would recommend going on a weekday not during the summer and go early in the day - mornings are the best time. There are co-ed and men-only/women-only spots and I much prefer the less crowded nude unisex area. The body scrubs in this area are highly-recommended also.
I've been to Spa Castle about five times now and mostly consider it my new "happy place." It's clean and kept up well. The massages and such are extra but the prices seem consistent with the NYC area. I've had two nice massages and one Korean body scrub there and was happy with the services. I've gone early morning on weekdays, which is pretty quiet, but it gets busier towards lunch time. I've heard it's a zoo on weekends. It wasn't as fun just before school was back in session as there were a lot of kids running around. The first floor contains two single-gender locker rooms and bathing areas with showers, saunas, hot tubs, jet pools, a cold pool and a chilled pool. These areas are nudity-only. (I have to laugh at the reviewers on here who were freaked out by a little nudity!) It's delightful to go from sauna, to hot tub, to cold pool, and back again. The other floors are both genders and require wearing the short and t-shirt spa uniform they give you. (Or bathing suits for the bade pools which have awesome water jet massagers.) The second floor has a variety of saunas, including an ice sauna. There's also a sleeping area and a rest area. The food is overpriced (and the drink I had was WAY overpriced for what it was) but ok. I enjoyed the udon from the restaurant on the top floor and the salad bar has some good food. Your entrance fee gets you use of the locker room, bathing areas, saunas, bade pools, sleeping area and relaxation room. Food, salon services, massages, etc. are extra. Bring a beach towel if you're using the bade pools as they only provide tiny towels for the bathing area.
Question: Are you ready to get nekked? If you answered YES, then come visit. If you answered NO, you should still come visit.  There is something to do for everyone willing to drop their pants or not.  In the end, all patrons will be dressed the same. Blue and gray for men, pink and orange for women.   Let me walk you through the process... at the front desk you pay an entrance fee of $35 weekday or $45 weekend. You will then be handed a Magic Plastic Watch with a four digit number on it (strap this on your wrist and guard w your life).  Men and women separate from this point.  Now the journey begins... Upon entering your designated area here is what you do: 1) store shoes in small locker that corresponds with # on your MPW 2) collect your "uniform" from the ladies, guardian of this area 3) proceed to bigger lockers where you will store the rest of your belongings. use MPW to access. Now this is where you decide if you are going butt naked or not.  On this floor there are a number of pools only accessible if you are naked.  Before you step foot in any of them, you have to take a shower. There are heated baths, jet massages and sauna in this private area. If you arent comfortable with nudity then put your bathing suit on and wear uniform over then head one floor up where both men and women have access to saunas, massages, outdoor pool and food. There are areas to nap, have a drink, watch tv, sit and relax. You wont run out of things to do!   P.S. your MPW is your means of payment for everything. Dont lose it!
Interesting place, to say the least. I personally could not get super relaxed, but maybe that was because of the rainbow sherbert colored uniforms they make you wear (guys have a much more subdued uniform - blue and grey). I just could not get over the tacky outfits, they were awkward. Couldn't they just provide you a robe? The food is good, a little on the pricey side. The poolside does not have enough lounge chairs, so that was annoying too. The Sauna's are great! Super HOT...Try the "Iceland" one for a refreshing treat. The Bade pools are lovely too, including the one with a bar. The naked pools are a little awkward too, because well, you MUST be naked and if you didn't want to be, too bad. I don't mind being nude, but not with my 70 year old, grandmother look a like. Overall, I had a nice time, but I didn't feel comfortable or very "spa-like". Maybe if I had a robe....
i love this place especially when i go with my wife! relaxing and beautiful
Your either really naked or really covered in this bathhouse. The facility comes with a lot of rules that you need to follow such as special wear while walking around and no wearing shoes unless you purchase theirs for $5, which sucks. everything here is marked up and expensive, starting with using large towels or getting food from the buffet. Be prepared to come here and spend the day in comfort and quiet, but at a luxurious price. Entrance is $40-$50 depending on the day. The facility is clean and maintained well. The best part of this bathhouse is the "naked" lounge which is in the locker rooms. Take these steps and youll make it through the moment. 1) Take a deep breath and embrace the bare bottoms walking around 2) Say a little prayer and drop your trousers like your Bruce Almighty 3) Grab your small green towel and enter like you own the place and proud to show what your momma gave you. 4) If someone walks past you.. DONT STARE DOWN!.. or make eye contact (not cool) 5) Complete it took me a while to get comfortable the first time I went here, but after a few visits, you become a natural. Its like the gym locker room but with a little more open-ness per se. Back to the facility, they have multiple sauna that are interesting, but none over 185 degrees, which is weak if you were raised by your russian polar bear father. I dont break a sweat unless its over 205 Degrees, minimum. The pool deck is absolutely awesome and relaxing. They have multiple stations with these crazy hydro jets. Great place to relax and unwind while having jets hit every body part. Take the day off and spend it here... Leave your phone in the locker because there isnt any service anyhow. So its a plus on the quiet side.
I am giving this place a 2 star review because it has "potential" for being a better place. I will start off by saying I am not going back again. i have a very big problem with nude people running around and sitting in the pools. The spa doesn't allow you to wear a swimming suit if you want to use the pools inside the bathroom which is ridiculous! Do you know how many diseases you can catch from that? I was forced to see an overload of vaginas that I most certainly did not want to see. The "Pools" are not pools at all, they are about 2.5ft deep and you are not allowed to swim in them, they are suppose to be for relaxing. They have this stupid stupid stupid thing of making you wear a uniform to go around the spa and even in the sauna rooms! who the hell sits in a sauna room with shorts and a t-shirt? what is wrong with you people?! Monday is my only day off and I though I could go and relax but no, I had to hear kids screaming, annoying guests talking in the quite rooms and various vaginas that I sure as hell did not want to see. The place has potential because if they change their stupid rules about nudity and wearing a uniform and kick out some ridiculously loud obnoxious crowds then maybe they can be a real spa, but for now this is a zoo....
This was one of the cleanest Korean saunas I've been to. Also, I love that they have an outdoor pool with massage jet streams. Their amenities are also comprehensive since they give you a toothbrush, toothpaste, and hair gloss. I would recommend coming here for the day with your girlfriends. If you are looking for a place to take the kids, I would take them to the pool in Flushing Meadow park because it's free for kids under 18.
yeah, it's horrible! Stay away, far, far away! So, when I go on Friday I'll have the whole place to myself! Who gives a crap about the staff. You obviously don't have any Korean relatives. Take off your shoes and wear the damn uniform. My newbie friends all got in trouble there first time there. They practically argued with the manager. I just grabbed them and said, "DO you ever want to come back here again!? Then shut up and put the uniform on." We count the moments between visits. And I hope it snows, because there's nothing like sitting in a hot tub made of wood over 300 years old, while snow gently falls on your eyelashes. Also, there's no such thing as bad Korean food. Anything under $20 is a bargain. My mom spent entire weekends in the kitchen preparing panchan. If you don't want to spend the money, eat a bun or a corn dog, perhaps. If you get the Early Bird Coupon and go Mon-Fri, it's only $25. Don't spa on my account. I don't need you crowding my Me-time. I have kids. I really NEED to spa.
Came on a chilly November day, on a special deal...worth every cent. There's exclusively naked areas for the non modest....and outdoor heated pools, that were amazing. There's bars every where, and u can take your phone, but you can't take your eyes off of it. Had a margarita, 14 bucks with house tequila, and 2 bucks with fancy tequila...the house tequila blew me away.I highly recommend. The watch keeps track of all your purchases, so don't lose it. Will be back!!
Spa Castle is a place where there's no shame in stripping off your clothes and getting wild! Hungry? Walk upstairs to the 1st or 2nd floor to buy some grub (Korean and mixed American). Thirsty? Take a seat at the aqua bar and order a drink. Sore? Go to the lobby, take off your clothes and choose a heated or cold bath to relax in. Tired? Take a nap on one of the couches in the lobby or go upstairs and lie down on the heated floor in the designated napping area. Horny? Go outside on the 2nd floor and relax in the heated outdoor pool where couples like to play and make out. For an additional fee, you can schedule a personal massage as well.  There are LOADS of activities to do and you can easily spend the whole day here.  They have a series of different sauna rooms: L.E.D, Gold, Salt, Far Infrared Ray, Ice, Jade, Loess Soil.  Each room has an explanation before you enter with it's purpose and benefits. The only downside is that you probably need a car to get here.  They do have a complimentary bus that picks up in Flushing. Spa Castle Admission Fee: Weekday = $35 Weekend = $45 Tip: The only area you HAVE to be naked is the sauna located in the lobby.  Trust me...it's not that bad.  I've seen some hideous bodies here and I really mean hideous. No one cares. Just do it. See ya naked! I mean later!
This place is like the six flags of spas.  I assume that a weekday might be better (less people more relaxing) than seemingly drunk people and kids runnings around.  I understand it's not a library or a monastery, but if one is going to a spa, I would think people would be better behaved.  The first floor pools are more relaxing and quieter, but they are separated by gender, so if you are going with a m/f pairing, this would be a problem.
This place is a zoo.  Anyone that has gone to a real spa  and has been here knows that this is a joke.  This is more like a mall with some spa services.  Real spas don't have a buffet smack dab in the middle or serve soda or alcohol beverages.  You get spa water, you are supposed to go to a spa to release toxins, not add more to your body.  I took my fiancé' who has never been to a spa and I'm so bummed that this was his first experience.  Me being from California, the home of some of the most relaxing and decadent spas, I was mortified.  I should've known when I saw the lady in front of us at valet getting out with her TODDLER that this was not going to be a relaxing time.  It's too crowded, kids running around like they are at the pool at the Y, people just hanging out, the spa services are more like an afterthought.  Never made it into a sauna as they all were crawling with people.  Jacuzzis, crawling with people!  Pools..crawling with KIDS.  We opted to get a massage which was in an open space (who ever heard of that?)...it was like trying to watch a movie in a theater with people talking outside the room (soundproof walls anyone), or better yet, the equivalent of getting a massage while riding the train! People yapping inside the room and when I told one lady to shhhhhh, of course she gave me the NY attitude.  The caliber of people here have no idea what spa etiquette is.  The ONLY reason I'm even given this 2 stars is because of Jun.  Despite the atmosphere, my massage was divine.  He did a great job. IF I ever go back here it will be during the week and I will most definitely book a private room for a massage.  But that's a big IF.
Review number 761 but here is my two cents anyways. A) Don't go during the weekend. I always go during weekdays, if I can, from 10:30 to whenever I am sauna'ed into a raisin. It's not packed at all, in fact it was rather empty, which makes for a really nice afternoon. B) Get food from the Korean restaurant at the top, don't bother with the buffet. It's much better value/food in my opinion. C) Could do with more TV's. Relaxation room on the mezzanine needs to get the chairs reupholstered. Also needs stronger wifi. D) The Shiatsu message became as forceful as a Thai massage for some reason. E) Overall: a great afternoon spent there. If you can, stock up whenever there is a deal.
Oh man, I looooooooove the korean spa. It's a great place to hang with your friends, relax, eat, drink, and more. I've been to this location twice now. They really "do it up". Each floor is clean and offers different amenities from massages, to salon, to starbucks, to different food stations. There's also a bar here! My favorite part is the roof pool. It's got 2 jacuzzis, different water jet stations for water massage, and a sauna. Overall, I wished the place had more saunas as some get crowded, but I can't complain. The K-Spa is super fun... They are open to all kinds of people. I just wish there was one closer to where I live!
Very nice and relaxing, locker room was crowded couldnt wait to get out of there and enjoy the pools and sauna. Valet took long to retrieve car.
I have just returned from a very disappointing trip to Spa Castle. For starters, in the shuttle van on the way there the driver proceeded to talk very loudly with a fellow customer, which was not exactly a relaxing way to start the night. Then after a thunderstorm, all spa guests were banned from the pool area, which is understandable. However my friend and I had proceeded to sample the saunas and steam rooms before the pool area, minutes before we were to step inside the pool area, we were told we couldn't go in, again understandable since the weather was bad. What was not understandable was the way the employees pushed people out of the third floor area a good five minutes before it was supposed to close, turning off the water before I was able to get out of the indoor water area, and then spent the previous 15 minutes before this, playing extremely loud rap music, which was not relaxing at all. The storm did pass before the official closing time, but the spa did not offer to open the pool area for the remaining time or to extend the third floor hours so that some of us could use the pool area. It would seem that the employees are too eager to get home than to serve clients. Also it's interesting that the employees are so eager to get home, that invariably clients end up waiting quite awhile for the shuttle bus to depart the spa, usually waiting on-hand to squeeze employees in, even on the floor of the vehicle, again not relaxing at all. It's untruthful to list the closing time at 12 a.m. when clients are pushed out well before the 12 a.m. close time, and the pool facilities are only available until 11 p.m. When my friend and I commented to the manager that we were unable to use the pool facilities, something I'd looking forward to for weeks, he simply kept repeating that he couldn't do anything about it now, which was a totally unsatisfactory response. If he had just offered a credit for a future visit, or even just a drink or food voucher, that would have gone a long way toward smoothing things over, but he offered nothing. Now I feel like I got ripped off, since I spent the full amount of money, but did not get to use all the facilities, again the weather was understandable, but remaining open a little longer or a credit would have been the caring thing to do. Also on a previous visit, my uniform was taken from the chair where I left it, (I suspect it was taken by an employee) and I was told that I had to pay $2 for something I'd gotten for free an hour before.   It will definitely be awhile before I visit again, if I ever go again.
