I came back for a dine in meal and I have to reiterate what I said in my previous review: the noodle soup is delicious! Very flavorful broth, which this time did not suffer from a lack of basil or sweet/hot spices (the first time I got take out here, they forgot to add the sauces and there was only mint leaves and no basil). I haven't tried any of the other hundred items on the menu (which I've heard they are redoing), but this is my favorite place for pho now in all of Buffalo. I even think the broth is better than Pho 99 on Bailey. As the place is still very new, expect some hiccups with service, but don't hesitate to come here for pho.
First heard about this place on Yelp and was immediately intrigued!  However, after reading the first review, I was not sure what to expect.   Good news: I was very pleasantly surprised with the food, service and atmosphere!   Just make sure to hit up the ATM before you venture over because Pho Dollar only accepts cash.  Since I hardly ever have cash on me, this was a minor setback. Luckily, there is an M&T right around the corner on Grant St. Upon first walking in, you will see a good sized bar area.  We did not have any alcohol beverages or spend time at the bar, but this seems like a fun place to come back for a drink at some point... especially because they were playing karaoke songs on the flat screen TV above the bar.  What's better than alcohol and karaoke? Our waitress seemed overwhelmed but she was very kind and helpful.  She informed us that since they were still in their grand opening period, we could have nonalcoholic beverages for free.  My fiance and I both tried the jasmine tea, which had a subtle sweetness.  It was a great way to start off our meal on a chilly evening.   There were so many options on the menu that we didn't know where to begin! Since we are both novices when it comes to Vietnamese food, we determined that at least one of us should order a pho dish.  So, my fiance ordered pho with meatballs and beef while I ordered chicken with vegetables in a basket of crispy noodles (I think it was #75 on the menu).  Our food came out piping hot within about ten minutes.  Since neither of us have had a lot of pho prior to this experience, I can't determine if this meal was truly authentic or "the best of the best".  However, I can tell you that everything was fresh, delicious and extremely satisfying! When the pho first came out, we were fighting over who would be next to take a spoonful.  The combination of noodles, broth and meat really came together into a very flavorful meal.  After a few bites, we wondered why we haven't been eating more Vietnamese food.  While the pho was excellent, it was truly my dish which stole the show!  The noodle basket was crunchy around the edges but soft on the bottom because it sat in a shallow pool of sauce.  I have no idea what this sauce was, but was very good-- both sweet and salty.  The veggies were perfectly crunchy.  The chicken did not have much flavor, but it didn't need much because of everything else that was going on in the dish.  We loved this meal and will be back to order it again. Throughout our dinner, the service was good.  Although they're still figuring things out (someone told us that they had only been officially open for four days), we felt well taken care of.   To top things off, our check was only $20, which was a very fair price for two crave-worthy meals.  Can't wait to come back and try some of the other items we saw coming out of the kitchen!
Best Pho I've had. This place is great! The lemon grass chicken is SO good and very spicy!!
Everyone has been raving about the Pho soup here but I decided to try something different and ordered the Banh mi tit heo nuong (bbq pork sandwich) & Goi cuon (shrimp & pork spring rolls), which was served with a spicy peanut dipping sauce. The freshness of the ingredients were delightful on both. The sandwich was a little shy on the meat which had a delicious smokey flavor. But I can't complain for the cost. It was only $4.95, and I saw on the menu that there is the option to add extra meat to any dish for a small additional charge. I would definitely do that next time. It took about 5 minutes for anyone to notice that I had walked in but past that, the service was great. The owner (I'm assuming) was very friendly and chatty with me as I sat at the bar. The atmosphere was actually a lot nicer than I anticipated from the outside. Bonus: complimentary Jasmine tea! I will be back.
Ok, food is great and I like the building. Fair pricing and my picky partner enjoys the food also. A win win. Cons: I'm laying on my couch right now from food poisoning from their dollar special vermicelli bowl (#52). Also the one heavier set waitress is terrible! I'm sure she's a nice lady but she just isn't cut out for waiting tables. We were sitting at table that was connected to another table for space saving reasons. The people that we eating on the other table connected to ours had left and the waitress came over and sprayed Lysol on the table literally a foot from mine and my partners dish and wiped the table down with a dirty rag. Needless to say our food tasted like Lysol and we smelled like Lysol. Gross
Reasonably priced Vietnamese food that's super fresh and delicious. Now that I think about it, I missed the chopped peanuts on my Bun with BBQ pork and shrimp. Apparently, I wasn't missing them when I scarfed down each yummy bite. We had started with the Vietnamese pancake from the appetizer section and it was the most perfect rendition I had ever had anywhere. Super crispy, not oily, and accompanied by all the usual suspects: fresh basil, lettuce, and pickled daikon with carrot shreds. A little fun feast all on its own. My friend had a huge bowl of the seafood soup with noodles which was hot in temperature and spiciness, and came with sides of bean sprouts, fresh lemongrass leaves, and basil. I added some of his lemongrass and basil to my bun, along with some Sriracha. (There are a nice assortment of condiments on the table.) Everything was very clean, the service was friendly and caring. The food came out quickly. My only minor issue is the lighting--way too bright. UPDATE: I went back twice. One thing I care about in a restaurant is consistency. That's why places like Left Bank are so wildly successful: they offer great food you can rely on. I can't say that about Pho Dollar. My friend ordered the Vietnamese pancake that I had adored on my first visit and it was as if a completely different chef was in the kitchen. The pancake was thick, not all cooked, and not crispy. Last night, another pal and I ordered it and it came out very oily. Our Seafood Pad Thai was $12.99 and had only a handful of seafood: tiny scallops, a few shrimp, a few pieces of fake crab, and some squid rings. While the noodles were done perfectly, I didn't taste any tamarind (it may have been there), and it was spicy. The flavor was good, just not pad thai as I know it, and certainly not worth the price. The staff does try to be accommodating. I asked for a side of steamed vegetables and they brought a small platter of nicely turned out zucchini, pea pods, broccoli, baby bok choy, carrot flowers, and baby corn. The charge? $2.99, which was incredibly generous. I hope the food become more consistently good. In the meantime, I will stick to the Bun, which on my second visit was heaped with twice as much BBQ'd pork as it had on the first visit. (They also added some peanuts on request.)
I didn't want to take a star away because the things I didn't like about Pho Dollar weren't that big of a deal. To start, my girlfriend and I heard about this place from our friends who said good things about it. So we took a drive to try it out. The area isn't too inviting, but it is easy to spot. The sign seems bigger than their entire store front lol. Nothing wrong with that but without knowing the word "Pho", one might think it is a Dollar Store. The layout is interesting, not uncommon but interesting. They have their bar area when you first walk in, and then a staircase to the right leads to the dining area. Very clean, with modern furniture and decorations. Simple, yet still gives that Vietnamese / Asian ambiance. When we walked in, if we hadn't noticed the employee call out from above, we would not have known to sit at the bar or to ascend the staircase. Maybe in the near future they should set up a hostess booth / stand at the entrance. It was around Noon on a Sunday so we expected it to be busy.. but it wasn't. Possibly still trying to build a customer base, heard they were a relatively new restaurant. The young waitress was friendly and began to take our order, without a note pad, and remembered all our items.. impressive. Ca Phe Su Da (Iced Coffee) - We drink a lot of coffee and when we order Vietnamese drip coffee, we're very critical about it. Good job Pho Dollar, yours currently tops other restaurants and cafes. However, the key is to not worry about the water they add at the bottom of the glass of ice. At first we drank the water because we did not want to water down the coffee, but when we poured out the coffee without the water to dilute it a little, it was super super strong in coffee flavor. If that's how you roll, then do without the water. But with it, the coffee was awesome. To each it's own, props to Pho Dollar for giving the customer the option. Goi Cuon (Summer Rolls) - Pretty standard summer roll, refreshing, ingredients tasted fresh, and good size. The peanut sauce differed from other places that seem to water it down. Little darker in color too. Pho Dac Biet (Combination) - My girlfriend ordered this and I tried it. Quality was great. The broth was flavorful, the noodles weren't stiff nor soggy, fair amount of meat (and I mean fair, not lacking, not generous, just fair), and the size of the bowl was very big. Wish there was a smaller size but you definitely get what you pay for, $8 for the large dish. Bun Bo Hue (Spicy Beef Soup) -  I actually wanted to order the Bo Kho (Beef Stew), but I accidentally pointed at Bun Bo Hue LOL. Totally my fault, but oh well. Their Bun Bo Hue was pretty good too. The broth was not overly spicy, and the beef chunks were sauteed prior. I could tell because in other Bun Bo Hue dishes I've had, the beef was lighter in color and didn't have sear marks. Good Job taking the extra effort in making this dish stand out from other restaurants. However, when I ordered it, I ordered egg noodle instead of rice noodle. I think it would have been better with rice noodle. The egg noodle gave it a feel that I was eating Japanese Ramen, rather than Vietnamese Bun Bo Hue. Overall, for my mistakes, I still had a very decent meal eating something I didn't originally want. Bahn Mi (BBQ Pork) - We were told from our friends, "Melts in your mouth", and since I am huge on sandwiches (especially Bahn Mi), this was a must. We ordered this to go for later in the day, but of course I wanted to try it while it was hot and fresh, so I took a bite.. and it melted in my mouth. The bun was toasted yet soft, also it did not crumble like other breads do when you bite into it. The vegetables were fresh, crisp, and the amount did not overtake the meat. As for the meat.. my goodness, soft and tender pork, BBQ sauce was slightly tangy and slightly sweet. No need for fish sauce, soy sauce, nor Sriracha. Slightly larger than your average 6 inch Bahn Mi, about 8-10 inches. $4.50 but the quality and size makes up for it's comparison to other $2 Bahn Mi's. By far, top Bahn Mi I've had in the Buffalo Area. Overall, a little pricier compared to other Buffalo Vietnamese cuisine restaurants, but like I said, you get what you pay for in quality and quantity. Offer slightly smaller sizes for slightly cheaper and I think you'll attract more college students who are attracted to Vietnamese Soup Dishes, which is a large number. Going to be coming back to try other dishes, and will definitely be telling our other friends to try this place.
Decided to meet a friend on a Friday afternoon after hearing good things!  We arrived around 6pm and it wasn't nearly as busy as I had imagined. We were quickly sat at a table upstairs also being occupied by a couple.  At first we were uninterested with sharing a table but decided to give it a shot.  It actually worked well to create some interesting social situations and I didn't Mind it overall.   Service was decent,  nothing special.  After asking if they served any alcohol I was happy she notified us that they do NOT serve, however they DO allow you to bring in your own wine, beer and alcohol which was interesting. I'm happy I know now.  Only minor downside was after my Friend asked for her recommendation (which she happily suggested the beef Pho, also keep in mind neither of us have ever had pho previously) he politely declined only due to his distaste for beef.  No worries, he order his interest, however she seemed insulted that he not take her recommendation, bringing it up a couple times.  No big deal, we simply Could not figure whether she was just a bad comedian or was truly upset.   The Food!! We got the spring rolls which were served with this amazing peanut sauce.  They were great!  Both of our broths came out with a plate carrying an assortment of sprouts, basil, cilantro etc.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our pho! I loved it!  Not the biggest fan of cilantro which had a very forward presence in the dish, but it did not bother  me.   Overall, small mom and pop place that was surprisingly clean, neat and simple.  Friendly crowd with your basic service.  Great experience for first time Pho and I will most certainly be back.   (Just recently ordered the same beef Pho this past weekend in Toronto at a noodle bar- I was not impressed and Pho Dollar has still won me Over!) Incredibly cost friendly for the food and I will certainly recommend this place to others! Try em out!
Was happy to try a new Vietnamese joint in Buffalo.  It was a Monday night and Niagara Seafood was closed.  I had a sick girlfriend in the car with a craving for Pho.  What to do? There's 99 fast food, but no...too far out of the way heading home for work.  Then I remembered the article in Buffalo Rising about the new Vietnamese joint on the west side.  I get off the 198 on Grant on my way home...its in the opposite direction but close enough (and actually closer to my house in kenmore than Niagara Seafood so alright). Interior was about what I expected.  Not dirty per se, but not really exceptionally nice. However everyone knows you don't go to a Vietnamese joint for the decor, and I was getting take out anyway so be it. I was immediately greeted and asked if I was here for takeout....I guess I must just look like the kind of dude that gets takeout. I said yes and was asked to have a seat at the bar where there are your typical classy laminated menus complete with a number system and english descriptions as you'd expect.  I ordered the X Large beef pho and the pork banh mi as an impulse (how can you not? for $4.25? USD??). I waited for a few minutes and then a nice middle aged vietnamese man brought me a platter of tea and glass of water.  Never got anything like that waiting for takeout anywhere.  It was legit green tea with some kind of flower blossom steeped in it.  For free...I just paid $4 for a pot of something similar at a higher end restaurant.  So that was a big positive. Within about 12 minutes I had my food and was on my way. The Pho: Very good.  A lot more beef than I'm accustomed to getting, too.  The broth was also really tasty, but not quite as good as Niagara or 99.  That said it was very very solid.  The Banh Mi:  Now THAT is what really shined.  Amazing fresh french bread bun.  Picklier pickled veggies than i'm used to and amazingly seasoned BBQ pork pieces.  Heaven.  Best I've had in Buffalo.  And $4.25!!!!  I'll be back.
You know I love Pho - so chock full of nutritional vitamins. Love the broth here, for starters: light n' just right. Not salty, but still flavorful. The accompanying vegetables and herbs were good too. Fish sauce was great. A little sriracha and you gotchya' a perfect meal. So happy, took half of mine home, so generous is the serving size. Beef broth pho with beef and meatballs. Nice. And they offer a full bar. Next time, and this will be soon... I'm doing the pork rice dish with egg, and following it with a hot Vietnamese coffee, which I saw being served up to another patron, who said it was good. Oh, do you like Vietnamese pancake? Try this here, see pic. Off the path, and digging it people.
3.5 stars. I feel like the high reviews are just because people are excited about the place.  I think it is great that this is a family owned restaurant and the entire family always seems to be there but I'm not sure I'd have the young teenager serving--she is disinterested and not experienced enough or trained. There is a lot of family monkey business going on inside--kids playing around, etc. I am OK with it but I am sure some won't be. Service is spotty. But the dad/possible owner is great and I like the guy. I've been here 4 times. Nothing in my review will prevent me from returning so I must acknowledge that openly. I do think they should add a little more meat the the Pho soups. It was like 3-4 pieces all four times and twice the pieces were very fatty and small. The summer rolls are fresh and yummy. One time I was there on a Saturday afternoon and it must have been some Vietnamese holiday. They had a group of drummers and two costume dragons in red and white. They played through the entire restaurant and it was quite the spectacle. Very loud and disruptive, especially for those trying to converse. There was no explanation of why they were doing this. My ear drums hurt after I left--the bass drum echoed just  too loud. Regardless, it was kind of cool but just a bit over the top and didn't fit the small place. The Pho broth is very oily and I wish they'd fix it. It leaves a film on your lips. But it is good. I enjoy the experience of the fresh herbs and spices. I look forward to trying other stuff that isn't Pho. The no credit card policy kind of stinks. And the M&T bank charges an outrageous $4 fee to withdraw so AVOID and go to the odd store across the street and to the right a little bit. No liquor license yet but he said hopefully soon. Overall, I'd give higher rating if they fix the service part and improve the quality of the broth and quantity of meat. It is still one of my new favorite places and I'll do an updated review after a few months when I try other things and see if they actually improve. I wonder if they even know about reviews and what they are doing wrong. I do recommend--decent healthy options, and good winter/fall Pho spot!
I came here for my birthday dinner with a few friends on Sunday because I had heard so many great things about Pho Dollar. Thanks Yelpers for helping me make a wonderful choice! I really loved that they served complimentary Jasmine tea. Thankfully it was my birthday so my friends had to let me have what was left in the kettle! Mwahaha! I think we ordered a fairly diverse selection from the menu and we took bites from each other's plates. I got the seafood pad thai, which was a little too spicy for my taste. I must not have read the menu completely, or I was blinded by the word "lobster", which I love. I wasn't a fan of the texture of the seafood. Not that they cooked it incorrectly, but I haven't had seafood in a while, and as I've said in other reviews, I can get "weirded out" by the texture of meat. Two of my friends got the tofu stir fry which was good. I would recommend it if you happen to go with anyone who is new to trying Vietnamese, or has a preference for a more simple dish. One of my friends ordered a crispy noodle beef bowl, and some sort of pork dish that came in a stone bowl with a side of rice. I tried a bite of the pork and I didn't want it to ever stop. SO deliciously flavorful-I wish I knew what it was called so I could tell the world. You'll have to ask for a vegetarian menu if you have some non-meat eaters in your party (we had quite a few and I think we maxed out the restaurants supply of veggie menus). We really appreciated that the owner of Pho Dollar actually came to our table to welcome us and to give us a little bit of information about the menu. He told us that if there was anything wrong with our food, he would take it back and make sure we got something that we liked. We all thought it showed great hospitality and a real eagerness to go above and beyond for the customer. The only aspect that bothered me is that all of our food came out at different times. Being a fairly polite party, we waited until everyone was served, but that proved to be a bit of a long wait. I will certainly be back again soon!
Don't miss out in the Vietnamese Pancake or the wings. You will not be sorry. The cravings to return for another meal have not gone away. I need to find some time to get back there and try more!
Last Night was My first visit and I have much to learn about this cuisine.  Linda was our waitress and She was more than helpful.  I had a wonderful broth dish that featured beef and sausage.  The spring roll appetizer was more than tasty. My first visit was outstanding and I will be back.  Pho Dollar is an outstanding addition to the Buffalo Restaurant Mosaic.
I came here for dinner with a friend and I was pleasantly surprised. It looks like you're sitting in someone's living room and it's quite comfortable. The service is excellent. They are very attentive to your needs and bring you water or tea. It was really nice jasmine tea. They do have a vegetarian menu but you have to ask for it. The spring rolls are really delicious and fresh. They're not deep fried.
I love this place! I've had a third of their menu and still can't find anything negative to say! I think they've got the best broth for pho. Nice and hearty but not so greasy that it just sits in tor stomach. Which is great in this never ending winter of 2013-2014! My second favorite is the bahn mi which is a a traditional Vietnamese sandwich. It's in a crispy but airy baguette and filled with deliciousness. My favorite is the pork one. Their appetizers are quite affordable, and the portion is enough to share if you want to go with friends. Not to mention,  the owner is very friendly and will guide you through what to order. He seems very nice and sincere in wanting you to enjoy your meal- always asking if you like it and if not,  if you want to change it for free! It really doesn't get any better. Oh and the Vietnamese coffee is delicious! Nice and strong!
I really enjoyed my experience here.  I went because other yelpers created an event, and I'm glad I did.   There is plenty of parking around, both street meter in front, side street parking nearby and a large lot (not for the restaurant ) across the street. This is a two level restaurant, with 8 or so steps to the second level (above the bar area).  I did not notice an elevator for those unable to climb stairs, but there may be one.  There are many tables on the second level, and as the day we went it was crowded, they move the tables around, they seat people at opposite ends of tables if needed etc.  You can also eat at the bar.  While there is plenty of seating, this place is getting a lot of traffic right now (Jan 2014) and I'd plan accordingly if I was going with a large party.   I am not a pho expert.  Barely a novice actually.  I did have it once many years ago while travelling, but have not had it stateside, not sure why except that there have always been other things on the menu that appealed to me more.   I did have the pho this time, number 22 I believe, as I was with "expert pho" eaters.  I followed their example.  I liked the adins, however, may have preferred slightly less need to add things in.  I understand the other side to that is that people want their pho exactly as they want it, not the chef makes it.  I see the inherent conflict, but I do think there could be more decisions made in the kitchen and fewer in the dining room.   The tools to eat pho with are readily supplied, which is good as you can use different ones for different things.  Personally the serving was very large for me, but others at the table finished it, and I imagine the fact that they knew the size beforehand helped them plan accordingly.  Id try this again sometime, perhaps with someone else who is a "pho expert" and I'd consider a different type, there are many choices.  However, I can easily see myself trying a non pho item from the 100 list menu.  (Yes, 100 choices.) I also had the spring rolls, and found those to be excellent.  I am planning to stop by and pick up a few orders to go of those this week actually.   They were able to spilt the checks for our table, which was very nice of them.  It was done without a "fuss".  I think they are working out some kinks service wise, but the food is really good and this place is worth a visit if you are in the area looking for lunch.   I did think the menu is too large and would be concerned that they really can make everything on it at the same quality and consistency level, however, as I glanced around at other tables, it looked like everyone was having pho.    And if they continue to do that as well as it seems they do, they should have no problems.   Welcome to Buffalo!   (Our waitress mentioned that they are opening a nail salon next door as well.  So we can get our nails done and then go eat lunch.  Convenient.)
I went to Pho Dollar with a friend this early evening to check out this (relatively) new Vietnamese place on the west side of Buffalo.  Since it opened, there has been quite a bit of hype surrounding it and we were intrigued. It's located on West Ferry Street near Grant Street in a neighborhood that has seen better days.  Don't let the location scare you away though!  Once you get inside you're bound to feel comfortable.  The decor, although dated, and the surroundings are bright and clean.  The lower level appears to be bar-seating/take-out waiting area.  There are large flat screen televisions behind the bar airing sports games and local news. We were seated in the upper level where tables are situated along the walls and in the middle of the room (I think it would be pretty cramped at busy times.)  The tables are clean, the chairs are comfortable and wobble-free, and the lighting is appropriate for this type of a restaurant. A hostess pointed us to a table and quickly brought us menus, cutlery, and iced water.  We were immediately greeted by an inexperienced server (to her credit, she did tell us it was only her second day) who brought us cold Jasmine tea (she did promptly replace it with hot tea.)  About 3 minutes later she asked us if we were ready to order.  Now...had we been regular customers, perhaps we wouldn't have needed to look at the enormous menu however we were not regulars.  Again, to her credit, she was eager to please...just a bit inexperienced. The menu is GIGANTIC and contains appetizer, soups, beverages, and entrees listed in Vietnamese with small photographs and very vague descriptions in English. OK, so that sums up why this review lost two stars.  Now, on to the good part! The food was delicious, fresh-tasting, and (I'm told by my friend) authentic.  We ordered the spring rolls (three to an order, cut in half) which were served with a season fish sauce, the Vietnamese pancake (a LARGE pancake filled with ample bean sprouts, scallions, pork and shrimp with a side salad containing lettuce, julienned carrots and cucumber).  The pancake had a bizarre sweetness that we quickly found to be quite pleasant.  We also both ordered #22 - the beef pho.  It is served with a large plate of bean sprouts, lime slices, jalapenos, and two green vegetables we couldn't identify.  (One of them smelled like basil and the other had an indecipherable aroma.)  We asked the server, who asked the busboy, who asked another server what these vegetables were but they didn't know how to say it in English.  Nonetheless, they provided a delicate fragrance and taste to the hot broth.  The pho also contained ample noodles, scallions, shaved beef, some sort of shaved meat ball, and a few ingredients with which we were unfamiliar.  The condiments on the table included Hoisin sauce, soy sauce, sriracha, and what appeared to be homemade hot sauce.  I added a bit of all of them into my pho and it a very tasty soup indeed. One pleasant surprise was when an "older" gentleman came to our table to ask us how everything was tasting.  He explained to us (albeit in a hard-to-understand accent) that everything is cooked to order and that if we didn't like something we should let him know and he would take it back and fix it.  He explained that allergies and dietary constrictions are also accommodated if they can be. All in all, it was a pleasant experience and a new (for me) adventure into the growing food culture that is, thankfully, happening in Buffalo at this moment.  I will certainly be back...I just hope the tea is hot and the servers can answer questions for Vietnamese cuisine newbies like myself.
First of all, you cannot obtain pho for a dollar here. It is not a dollar store that serves pho, either. Those points aside, Pho Dollar is a pretty decent Vietnamese restaurant on Ferry just east of Grant. I've been here a few times now and have had pretty good experiences. Pros: The pho is pretty decent. I particularly like the broth which is more savory than the broth at other Buffalo pho places. I wouldn't say that it's salty, but more umami (I don't know if it contains MSG or not). The accoutrements were fresh and plentiful. The meat was a bit tough, but this could be attributed to the cut rather than any cooking or prep deviation. The portion size was adequate (their standard pho size is a bit smaller than Niagara Seafood's large size it seems, but larger than their small, for comparison). The prices are just about right. Pho is about $9-10 which seems fair. Banh Mi is around $4, which is fair as well. Most entrees are between $8-12. The menu is immense. I cannot believe that they can make so many dishes there. The waitstaff is also friendly. Amazing karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights. The karaoke is in English or Vietnamese (I assume, I don't speak Vietnamese so I don't really know what language it is but it's in that family) and the video that accompanies the music is seemingly unrelated but fantastic. We were able to bring out own alcohol to drink, so it was pretty great (let's face it: you need booze if you are going to sing). Everyone was having fun and it was great. Very good karaoke times. Cons: The Banh Mi is a bit shit. The bread is not very high quality and fillings were scarce. Niagara Seafood still has the best Banh Mi in town and for about the same price. No alcohol as of this writing and I've heard that vegetarians have a hard time here but I will say that I have dined here with one of my vegetarian friends and he seemed pleased with his meal. It is also cash only so don't get caught without cash.
I am actually giving this 4 1/2 stars but oh well. Service is spotty and some items are a touch expensive but the ingredients are excellent and fresh. I will say that the servers are young but  bilingual and I've found to be very helpful and nice. It's a small family run business, I'm not sure why some people are expecting black tie service? I think having the family there adds to the relaxed atmosphere and reinforces the importance of success and quality they have for the business. I personally haven't seen kids running around as another reviewer mentioned but each time I'm there, both owners are prominent and the wife (?) Is continually coming out of kitchen with cleaning gloves on to take stock of what's going on. She definitely looks like she means business! Anyway, I have been here 3 times and enjoyed everything I have tried and portions are generous. Especially the starters, which are almost entrees, but a favorite has been # 2 to share with a couple people. They bring you all the fixings for summer rolls and you make your own! It takes a little practice but we've ordered it every time. They are cash only so be prepared because: I would also like to reiterate another reviewers point about m&t on the corner. $4?! C'mon. Also "lamb" on the last few items of the menu is actually "clam" They are open Sundays, I've already suggested the edit :)
Great location free parking, great flavor and the price is right. They stay open late, it's my favorite so far in this part of the world
The food was fantastic, generous portions for the price and flavorful. Four stars was due to slow service, but we stopped in opening week, we'll be back as I assume they'll work the kinks out as they get going.
The waiter is super friendly and helpful. I ordered pho with eye-round brisket and meatball and Vietnamese spicy wings, both of which are tasty. The beef in the pho is plentiful; the wings are a must-try. Sort of like barbecue style, very fragrant and juicy too. The soup of the pho here is a little sweeter than others, but I like it. Recommend to people who seek their first Vietnamese experience!
Maybe 5 stars is pushing it a little after just one visit, but I thoroughly enjoyed my first meal there.  Really some of the best pho I've had in a long time, and with all the necessary trimmings. I also had the grilled pork and rice -well cooked- just charred enough, and very well seasoned.  The menu is  extensive, so I will have to go back a lot. Prices are reasonable, service was pleasant and prompt, and there's all kinds of parking.  And they're open late
Great service and amazing food! Bur they don't take credit cards or debit cards have to have cash...
Pho Dollar is one of my favorite new restaurants in Buffalo! If you like Vietnamese and you are also a karaoke fan absolutely do not miss out on this.
Fresh bright crisp veggies and perfectly delicious pho, bun and treats you can't find anywhere else in Buffalo. Attentive service. They care about you and want you to have a great experience. Huge menu. The Chao Tom Dac San Cua Dollar appetizer was amazing and fun. Build your own wrap. My rice plate, Com Dac Biet Dollar was another winner. Come with friends and share.
I have mixed feelings on this one. I ordered lamb..as the menu stated and got clams....lol..when i pointed it out to the gentleman server, who may have been the owner...he said oh...yea...this is clams.  I think he needs to have an american proof rea his menu before it goes to print.  The same thing happend when i ordered what ibthought was a shrimp appetizer...it clearly said shrimp...but what i got was a type of meat with the texture of spam...it was odd...kind of tastey...but not what i ordered.  They were very nice and took the clams back and brought some pho instead...this was better, but not what i really wanted.  The whole experience was kind of odd...i hope they can correct the menu descriptions, so that they accurately describe the dishes
When I heard that there was a Vietnamese restaurant open in the west side, I was excited to see a new addition to Grant streets wide diversity of food and restaurants.This was my second time coming here . I had come the night before  with my fiance and I must say the difference  was day and night. Our first night was a very pleasant experience , the food and service was exceptional and arrived in a timely fashion , and the young gentlemen who served us was more than informative with the menu.  We had asked for recommendations and ended up with two very mouth exploding dishes, and there boba tea was to die for. We could not wait to come back to try more dishes !So we had come back again for lunch today and it was dissappointiny . It's quite clear the management is lacking in staff . we waited over 30 minutes for an appetizer and kept getting the wrong order . It was overwhelming to try to take in all the items.on the menu , not to mention they were all written in Vietnamese.  Only this time we were served by an older gentlemen who was just as clueless about the menu as were the cooks . We end up ordering two random dishes which we figured would be our best bet. We end up getting one dish we weren't to fond of (and still arent sure if we received what we ordered ), we would've love to had order something else , but it seemed like the staffs were a little overwelmed with the flow of customers coming in  so we decided not to order. Great first impression a little dissapointed by the service this time. We will give it another try !
Currently my favorite Pho place in Buffalo, but only because the soup they use is much more homey than compared to other pho places, I think the prices are too high and the amount of meat they give is too low. Other than that its good to have more choices here in buffalo!!
I've eaten at Pho Dollar twice in the last week.  Once for a late Saturday lunch! and then a weeknight dinner.  Good crowds both times...and I know why, the food is really good!  Pho Dollar is run by a welcoming family, the owner front and center on both visits.  The Bahn Mi sandwich is delicious...had the Vietnamese BBQ pork on both visits.  A warm crispy roll, filled with BBQ pork, veggies, and basil.....hmmmm.  The pho is good, the squid with scallions and butter another favorite.  The make your own spring rolls got our dinner off to a fun start.  You soak rice paper wrappers in a warm water contraption that is brought to your table.  After you soak it, you fill it with a shrimp mixture that has been cooked on sugar cane.  Add some carrot and cucumber, then some mint leaves.  Roll and then dip into a peanut sauce.  I want one now!  We also tried the pork hot pot.  Thin slices of pork, with crispy garlic slices, in a sweet salty sauce.....another winner. Suggest you give this place a try.  I'll be back soon.
Best pho I've ever had. The broth is very flavorful without being too salty. The summer rolls are amazing too. I will definitely be back!
Had a wonderful meal, very authentic Vietnamese food with all the many layers of flavors that make it so unique and so delicious. Our server made us feel very comfortable and welcome, thank you!
So pleased to have great Vietnamese food close to home. Flavor exceptional. Looking forward to takeout and becoming a regular. Extensive menu to investigate!
An excellent addition to Buffalo's evolving culinary scene.  First of all, excellent prices.  Almost everything is under 10 bucks.  And the portions are plentiful.  You will not leave hungry.  And yet the food is in no way heavy.  We both ordered two different kinds of pho, and we were both extremely pleased.  I see plenty of return trips in the future
Aw man, I am so glad I finally got the chance to try this place out as I've heard so much about this place! This place is my favorite pho restaurant in Buffalo, hands down! From the outside, the restaurant does not look too different from any other Vietnamese restaurant in Buffalo, however, do not be fooled. The inside is equipped with a trendy bar and the upstairs is what looks like a newly renovated dining area. The place is a family-owned and run restaurant, which makes the experience that much more authentic. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. My water glass was never left empty for too long. I got the extra large pho special bowl, which has a little of everything. Oh, man, if you come with an appetite, I would strongly suggest this dish. It hit the spot and it is large as it is tasty. Very, very good place. Definitely try it if you have not already.
Great!  That's really all I need to say.  My wife and I went here on the recommendation of a few friends.  My wife happens to be Vietnamese so I tend to trust her on her assessment of food she grew up on.   As you walk through the door you see a bar to your left, which appears to be fully stocked, and you see a staircase to get up into the seating area.  The ambience was really nice, nice light fixtures and oddly enough we always laugh that at most Asian buffets they tend to use neon light to line the upper corners of the wall.  This place isn't a buffet but they used the neon lights and I think adds to the overall look of the place... Service:  Okay.  Not great, not horrible, but okay.  Seemed like the first time we went there the girl was pre occupied speaking to the other server.  The 2nd time was a bit better but nothing stellar. Cleanliness:  Very clean. Food:  Awesome.  The banh xeo was huge and the outside was very crispy.  Great flavor.  Their pho was excellent.  The broth was delicious and the slices of beef were so thin and tender.  The bun was a nice surprise.  Good bowl of noodles with grilled meats and veggies, better than other places I have had it.  If you're thirsty they have this green tea limeade stuff which is awesome.  It would be good also paired with a shot of vodka. Would I go there again:  YES! Pricing wasn't bad and the food is excellent.   Would I recommend this to a friend:  YES...  oddly enough I recommended this to my parents and my wife ran into them there another night we went with our friends and they seemed to like it as well... A hidden gem in a part of the city you'd never think to look...
After one visit to Pho Dollar, I am sure I will be back. Based on what I'd heard about the restaurant, I was expecting more of a take-out joint with a counter and a few tables. Instead, there was a full bar and dining room with several tables and lots of room. There was only one server working the entire dining room on the night of my visit. Yet, she was extremely nice and handled the crowd very well. She even took time to explain menu items to us. Seeing as I don't eat meat, I asked if it was possible to get pho without chicken or beef broth. To my surprise, it was! I ended up ordering pho with vegetable broth and shrimp and it was amazing. My date ordered some type of rice noodle bowl with grilled shrimp and seasoned pork and loved it. This is the type of charming restaurant with great food that will suffice a typical Buffalo foodie's cravings. I hope they put a menu up online soon so it's easier to order take-out over the phone.
It took me this long to finally check out Pho Dollar because I don't like soup.  So I assumed I would not want to order anything on the menu.  How wrong I was!! The menu is huge but not daunting.  There is something for everyone.  Obviously they are known for their pho, but they have stir fry dishes, vermicelli noodle bowls, rice dishes, noodle dishes (including the tried and true "Pad Thai") and various appetizers. I went with a vermicelli noodle bowl with grilled shrimp, grilled pork and an egg roll.  I wanted to try something new.  And I'm so glad I did.  The flavor was incredible, particularly the grilled pork.  WOW. Service was excellent.  They seemed to be unexpectedly busy so there was only one waitress doing taking care of 5 tables, bartending, hostessing and answering the phone.  She did a great job!! The atmosphere was better than I expected.  For some reason I always assumed it would be a dive, maybe because of the area and the appearance of the exterior.  But again, I was wrong.  It's very inviting. Minus one star because some of the atmosphere was lacking - they need some music! It was a little sterile and way too quiet. Also, they need take-out menus so I can bring one home and order pick up! Can't wait to return.
I'm so in love with this place. Each time I visit the staff is absolutely amazing and so is the food. I highly recommend the Pho Tai and/or Pork Banh Mi. The pho here is out of this world. Whether it's take out or dine in, the food is fantastic. The menu is pretty big so it's fun and interesting to explore what else is out there. I'd also suggest their bubble tea. Mango with strawberry bursting bubbles = perfection.
Another  gem of the westside of Buffalo tucked away in a storefront you could easily overlook. Dont miss out on this restaurant! Food at a good price and honestly if this was in a different location it would certainly be the new trendy pho place that everyone was trying to get into.
I would definitely recommend this place, and I've been back twice in one week. Since moving back to Buffalo, I've been trying to find a place that sells authentic pho that is also vegetarian (most places only serve pho with beef broth) and initially I thought Pho Dollar was more of the same. However, when I lamented to the waitress about the beef broth, she told me that they've recently changed their vegetarian pho to vegetable broth even though the current printed menu says otherwise. I was actually SO excited. Beyond the food itself (which is fresh and delicious), the wait staff is amazing, especially the one waitress (whose name I've forgotten, sorry!!). She was amazing though and walked us through the menu, made sure our orders were correct, and that the kitchen was quick in making our order to go. tl;dr they have vegetarian pho, and it's delicious! highly recommend
For the price these guys are fantastic. I was craving Pho one day for lunch and a colleague invited me to come here with them and I was pleasantly surprised at how good they were. the Pho didn't come scalding hot, and with lots of ingredients. The broth could be skimmed a little more but that is forgivable. What got me hooked to this place was the Pho however. When I saw Beef Banh Mi on the menu I immediately needed it in my life! And let me tell you! the moment i smelled that sandwich I knew they were legit. First bite brought me back to my childhood when i used to go to some nameless Vietnamese joint back home. Everything about it is wonderful and they have made a regular out of me!
This is my second time back at Pho Dollar and it is still amazing!  We got the spring and egg rolls, the spring roll was slightly chewy (I think from the frozen shrimp) but still excellent and the egg rolls are small, but you get 3, and they are not greasy. My boyfriends Pho was beef and brisket and was great, with tones of noodles and meats. We added sriracha and red peppers and created a spicy version. My chicken pad Thai was a little light on the sauce and slightly greasy, but that is expected.  I got it non spicy and they did a great job of eliminating the burning mouth feeling that I don't like.   Always a great price and I'm always happy when I leave!
Cute spot. I like the upstairs eating area. Very clean! I got the Beef Pho dish and it was excellent. Huge Portions! The Spring Rolls and Peanut Sauce were also so delicious. Must go for Pho!
The place is clean, spacious and bright. Service is prompt and attentive. We got beef pho, which was rather flavorful and satisfying. If you're craving a bowl of soup on a cold rainy day, this place fits the bill.
Pho 99 has competition. I was so excited when I heard a new Pho spot opened up in Buffalo. I was used to getting Pho 99 all the time because it was relatively quick and close by but Pho Dollar is worth the longer drive and wait. Their spring rolls were delicious. Not too crispy and not too oily. They were also reasonably stuffed with meat unlike other restaurants. I ordered their Pho Dac Biet, the broth was very tasty. Remember to add the spicy oil!
This is the Vietnamese restaurant I've been waiting for since I moved to Buffalo over ten years ago. Obviously, I have a lot of patience. I've been to Pho Dollar three times in the last two weeks and two of them were in the same week. It would have been three in a week but a friend talked me out of it. For starters, they have menu items I haven't seen since my days in NYC such as banh mi, ca phe su da, and soda lemon. Their banh mi is delicious. Before PD, I had to go to Toronto to get my banh mi and pho fix. I guess I'll have to give my passport a rest! The banh mi with barbecue pork is great. The sandwich has the perfect ratio of veggies to meat and the dressing accentuates the pork perfectly. The veggies are also slightly pickled and the entire thing is absolutely mouth watering. During my second trip, I had the pleasure of meeting the owner. He made great food suggestions and my coffee personally and it was to die for.  Since I was in the mood to try a bit of everything that day, he suggested the Dollar Special mixed meat broken rice. It was FANTASTIC. The platter came with a grilled pork chop, sausage, shrimp, salad, bean thread meat pie, fried egg on a bed of broken rice with fish sauce on the side. The meat pie was cooked perfectly. It is like a Vietnamese quiche. The salad was tasty because it had the same pickled veggies used in the banh mi. The pork chop was incredibly tender and flavorful. The food was so good, I cleaned my plate. I also had a cup of ca phe su da and it was a great cup of coffee. Strong but not acidic. It was definitely a cup of coffee to be sipped, not knocked back in one gulp. On my most recent visit, I had the bun (vermicelli) with fried tofu. The meal was fantastic. There was mint in the bun and it complemented all the flavors in the dish perfectly with the fish sauce tying it all together. The spring roll was perfectly crisp, not greasy, and the filing was flavorful. The fish sauce is well balanced and has a good ratio of fish sauce to the other ingredients. It is not overly sweet and enhances the flavors of the dish and isn't overwhelming. The service the first two times was good but the last time, it was painfully obvious the server was new. She didn't know the menu and downright forgot the accompaniments that usually comes with bun such as fish sauce and the spring roll. I had to ask for them. I'll definitely be back for pho and pretty much everything else on the menu. I tried my friend's pho and the broth was life changing. I have an addiction and the only cure is more Pho Dollar.   There is street parking in front of the restaurant and the meters don't have to be fed. The owner told me he bought the spots from the city. The space is big and they now have a liquor license so it would be suitable for large parties and events.
I would have given 5 stars except I find it really annoying that trying to find a menu online is like searching for Buffalo Bills win. The pho and bahn mi are the best I have had in a long time but seriously, post a menu somewhere that I can find it.
The beef ball pho was okay bit on the expensive side.  Garnish was nice although I would of preferred lime wedge compared to lemon Over all good not great Bin Mi sandwich looks good Next time
This review is for the vegetarian options/experience. There is a separate vegetarian menu, but you have to know to ask for it. Nothing on the regular menu is suitable for vegans, The vegetarian menu is a wrinkled piece of paper which is a photocopy of a menu that had handwritten comments on it, one which is "beef broth" - so I was a little nervous. Also, it wasn't that informative. There was no way to tell the difference between two dishes that were both called tofu stir fry with vegetables. I asked and was told one had vegetables. Ok... The best part of the experience was when, after sitting with the veg menu for at least fifteen minutes, they came over to tell me they were out of tofu. Turns out it is in every dish, including the ones that don't list it. I had ordered the fried rice because it was the only dish not listing it but it has tofu also. The fried rice was nothing special. I wish they had tofu bahn mi. I've never been asked so many times if I wanted refills on water. If we haven't started sting, or are still eating, of course we want water. Also, we had a group of five and the food came out at wildly different times. The bahn mi came out about ten minutes before the pho and my fried rice was somewhere in between. All that being said, everyone else loved their food. The one other strange part was when they warned only one pho orderer that her dish contained tendon and tripe even though the other two pho varieties had it also. We had one connoisseur of Vietnamese food and she loves it. She even pointed out all the unique menu items you don't usually see in restaurants around here.
Ordered takeout for the second time and got the completely wrong order for the second time.  When I returned for my money I was told what's the big deal.  Zero for customer service and zero concern for customer satisfaction.
Huge portions, inviting menu, good service.  Crisp and bright veggies.  Eat here.
For the moment its walking distance-well, not too late- Wheres the Karaoke? Off to Vietnam with the owners! Soon Returning - I was excited about the cool -not the bar- drinks menu, but they wont be available untill the owners return! The Pho s tasty, spring rolls  very good- wresteled with the make them yourself summer rools, a bit tricky at a small table! The fried calamari w hot peppers is yummy! not greasy, spicy tender tender...beef noodl dish is very good, lots of flavor, bokchoy, comfort food... It would be nice to be able to order less  LARGE bowls of soup and apps- Its hard to eat alone here and try a few things without it gettin pricey.... Pud Thai- lots of seafood-could do without the fake crab, enjoyed the fish ball- compressed cod-lots of flavor, again tender calamari...and ONE shrimp- tho I ordered shrimp pad Thai ? I enjoyed it anyway.....Im still having trouble with the menu-its so HUGE and Vague.. and Im working my way through it with a lot of questions for a lot of helpful staff members- I think they will be around for a while!! The bar is open but seems to be acatch as catch can bartender situation...some cool Asain wines and beers would be nice...
Based on a rec my wife and I decided to go check out Pho Dollar.  I typically go to Pho 99 whenever I feel like getting some pho but I figured it never hurts to try a new place. Pho Dollar recently opened up just about a month ago.  The current yelp page says that they don't accept credit cards, but they do.  They didn't have the system up and running when the first reviewer setup the page I suppose. The pho is great!  I had the Pho Tai (basic... rare steak).  True to form, I had a sizable amount of meat in my bowl.  I was averaging over 1.3 pieces of meat per bite and I didn't want to over do it and ended up with a few extra pieces hanging around after I was done with my noodles.  My wife had the tendon and brisket pho.  I'm okay with tendon but the brisket was legit!  Next time I'll be getting the brisket pho.  Super soft and delicious!   One great thing about this place is that they have Bahn Mi!  YES!  What is that you ask?  It's basically delicousness tucked into a french baguette.  I added some jalapenos to give it some kick and then BOOM.  Wonderful! So give this place a shot.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.  Service was excellent as well.  I think the waitress checked in on us about 5-6 times so it was nice.   Depending on where you live... if you're down for a bit of drive then go get yourself so pho from this place.   Note:  Contrary to their name - Pho does not cost 1 dollar.  Nor does it cost 4 dollars.
Walked into this place not knowing what to expect despite it's shady location on west ferry. The well lit space is actually fairly large and very clean looking. The tea was served on a lovely metal platter shortly after being seated. Extra points for presentation! I decided to go with the fried spring rolls ($4.95) and the special beef pho. The special beef pho contains flank steak, beef meatballs, tendon, tripe, and I'm unsure if it came with the brisket. Broth was very good on it's own. As delicious as it was, the cartilage in the pho lacked that almost translucent white color with the butter soft texture of pho found in the big cities. I don't really know how they do it...but I have yet to see this in Buffalo. Overall, I thought the pho was among the best in Buffalo - next to Red Pepper. I will definitely return...maybe even for the Karaoke!
They have great cheap Vietnamese cuisine. I  get the Banh Mi pork and the phò beef tendon and tripe. They serve complimentary tea, and include a plate of condiments consisting of basil, lime, bean sprouts, jalapeño, and what appears to be dandelion greens on a separate plate. They also have soy sauce, hoisin sauce, and two different kinds of red-pepper oil sauce on every table. Friendly service and inviting atmosphere make this place a real winner. I might go back tomorrow. They DO accept credit cards (as of 3/25/14).
So since my initial visit I've dined in once and gotten take out once. The second time I dined in, the Pho wasn't oily and was delicious and flavorful. I also had a rice dish, that had shredded pork, egg patty and pork chop. The rice was coconut rice, not a fan. The egg patty was homestyle cooking--big plus. Pork chop was a solid yum. My friend and I ordered a Vietnamese pancake--this is an appetizer but I'd get it as an entree it was hearty. This time we ordered three Phos to go--don't ever order Pho to go, I learned that years ago and I still did it anyways. Firstly I definitely got shortchanged on the meat, in quantity and they didn't put in what they were supposed to. Second the broth was oily, too oily. Just coming off from being sick, I couldn't eat the Pho despite being hungry. Overall this place is too inconsistent. I can't risk my poor man's dollars.
Early reviewers lamented the all meat & seafood menu. Vegetarians & vegans, take heart! There is now a separate veg menu.  It is short; only 6 or 8 items,  but one of them is vegetarian pho.  The other winner is the vegetarian spring rolls.  These alone are worth the trip.   Oh, and do not be deterred by the cheesy Permastone facade; the interior is bright, handsomely lit, and appealing.  I am so happy to have vegetarian pho that I hate to shave points off for the large-screen TVs. These detract from everything else that they did right.
I am by no means a Pho connoisseur but I enjoy a nice bowl of spicy Vietnamese noodle soup every now and then. Of the handful of places I've been to, Pho Dollar may be the best. Pho Dollar is a deceptively large restaurant stretching two levels. It features ample seating with a fairly unremarkable Asian decor.  The menu for a Pho novice is very overwhelming.  There is a seemingly endless list of soups, of which, most seem indistinguishable from one another.  I placed my order for Pho with beef and beef meatballs. It was very tasty. I love the idea of refining my soup by mixing in the vegetables and sauces to my taste.  On food alone Pho Dollar deserves 4 stars. A very enjoyable meal. Service wise Pho Dollar has some issues. My party had 3-4 waitresses and one visit from a cook during our visit. It was confusing to know who was responsible for our table. It also took long for refills on water - a significant issue when eating spicy food. One of my dining partners had to repeat his order numerous times and ultimately was told by a cook that they were unable to prepare what he ordered.  Also disappointing was that the staff had no idea who ordered what item. "Who had the 23?" Ummm I didn't realize there was going to be quiz... I had the meatball soup. Is that #23? Too much confusion. I don't think most customers will remember the meals by numbers, nor should they. The good news with the service is that everyone was friendly. As Pho Dollar is a new restaurant I am hopeful that with time service will improve. Other things to know: - No cash. Be prepared to visit a bank beforehand.  UPDATE -Apparently they now accept cards - Parking is a little iffy in this area but not a huge problem. In summary: Food - 4 stars. Service - 3 stars. This is a 3.5 star restaurant, but unfortunately that is not a rating I can give.  If the service improves (and I suspect it will) I will revise my rating to 4.
So good I went twice this week after just hearing about the opening! I went once for dinner and once for lunch. For dinner my husband and I shared the BBQ pork banh mi and I loved it. I thought the bread was a perfect mix of soft and crusty, the flavor was great I just wish there was a little bit more meat on the sandwich. We then had pho, I had mine with rare beef and my husband got the brisket. I really enjoyed my pho, I thought the broth was tasty and the beef was of good quality. Service was lacking, however, they forgot utensils and the wait seemed unnecessarily long for our pho. I am guessing it is just because they are new, but it made dinner just a tiny bit less enjoyable. For lunch I ended up getting a vermicelli bowl, one with grilled pork and shrimp with an egg roll, #55. I also got a taro bubble tea. The bowl was AWESOME. I had never had that before and I really enjoyed it. The veggies were super fresh and the meat was tasty, and those shrimp!! There were only 3 but they were a good size and perfectly cooked! I enjoyed my bubble tea but the boba were more jelly and it was tough to eat them with all the ice in the glass. I am a big fan and can't wait to come back and eat more. Especially for a karaoke night!!
