This is a unique place I often find trouble explaining to others. It's simply awesome. I was first exposed to WNYBAC when I hosted an event here. Our group of 50 did some screen printing and explored the space. I've returned for other events, as well as for shopping purposes. I really enjoy the "Buffalo Hates You Too" cards. This place is full of Buffalo pride and is great for those who enjoy quality. You can be a member, attend a workshop, or just buy a gift.
In addition to being a terrific gallery space and gift shop, WNY Book Arts Center offers some of the best classes I've ever taken in Buffalo. If you're interested in any of the print arts, I would strong recommend exploring this as an option for expanding your skills. I had such a great experience learning screen printing there--and, subsequently, with using their open studio hours to create t-shirts and posters for my husband's band. The staff has always been extremely helpful and supportive. Just working alongside such talented folks and seeing the products they are creating is truly inspirational.
I tried expressing my love for this store in a haiku, but I realized I'm out of practice in writing these things. It didn't turn out as witty or crafty as I had hoped, so I have to preface it with this disclaimer: Haiku for the WNY Book Arts:: Buffalo Love FOUND: Posters, crafts, workshops: I cry when I'm not present. ....and perhaps tell you in non-haiku form that this place is GREAT! They do different workshops, events and have great unique posters and Buffalo memorabilia. From posters that express your love for the Lloyd Taco Truck to Burchfield prints of the Electric Tower (which I bought for my room for a cool $10)! Just grab a frame at Marshalls and BAM your room is beautiful and it looks like you have $100+ piece of artwork. Can't wait to come back for some of the events they do here!
This place is so cool. I almost don't feel cool enough to shop here sometimes. A really beautiful space and its location downtown makes it a special destination. I am not a letterpresser or book maker, but I can totally appreciate this impressive art! I love the cards that they have, they're super cute. I need to find a reason to give someone the "Buffalo Hates You Too!" card because it makes me smile. Anytime I want to find a unique gift for any of my friends I always stop here to peek at the posters, cards and other trinkets. A really neat place.
Truly a community gem!  WNYBAC is one of 10 community access printing press workshops in the nation! That's right folks she's right here in Buffalo!  There are three large vintage presses and a table top press in the basement workshop.  A screen printing workshop was recently added as well. I've taken two workshops here, Letterpress I and II and learned a lot from the resident expert Chris Fritton. Seriously though, if a klutz like me can do it than there's even more hope for you. The worst thing that happened to me was I put in the letter type backwards onto the template plate - No limb or ego was lost in the process. Once you complete the basic Letterpress workshops you can sign up for the open studio sessions to make more letterpress items. This is highly subsidized, most places would charge $50-100 an hour for use of their Letterpress machine.  Open Studio is $35 for 5 hours!   The gallery upstairs has a revolving showcase of local artists and poets and small printer products.  The gift shop is small but well appointed.   WNYBAC also hosts events, speakers, and poetry nights. The schedule varies but is up-to-date on their website.  Big Night is a big gathering.
