An overdue review for a favorite festival of mine. There's a great representation of talented local artists, jewelers, etc. I found a fabulously designed yearly agenda from Sugar and Type. Why yes I will take over the world in 2014. Just as Pinky and The Brain attempted every day. Plus, I found a selection of lovely handmade cards -- also by Sugar and Type. In many ways, it's overwhelming in an attempt to see everything and decide what's worthy of purchasing. Some things were big ticket items, like photographs and paintings that I so wish I could afford. I think my friend had the right idea in mind -- she had a few favorite jewelers who were crafting items she knew she wanted so she planned her visit around visiting those booths. Despite the rain this year, the festival was well attended and didn't detract from the experience too terribly. A nice addition, and fitting, to include the food trucks. I also sampled some ice cream from Abbotts. They also served wine and beer for those interested. In 2013, there was a $5 entry fee and parking was quite crowded. I recommend you park on the street a few blocks away and walking to avoid $10 parking charges.
Three and three quarter stars rounded up for the good weather and the appearance that most people here were in good moods. The five buck entry fee at first seems like a put-off, but if you view it as a discount entry to the Memorial Art Gallery, then it is bonus.     If you don't take advantage of that you are depriving yourself. I do not know if it is intentional, but the fee (along with the fencing) certainly keeps the socio-economic demographics perhaps skewed a smidge higher than the open and free "arts" festivals than take place in around ROC. The quality of the items available for viewing and purchase is certainly higher from a technical skill level and IMO esthetically the work is of equal to better quality than most of the summer shows throughout the ROC and finger lakes areas. There are significantly less commercial and non profit booths here, which for me do not belong at Arts events. The musicians and dancers were both talented and skilled performs and everyone benefited from the good quality of the stages and sound systems.
Buy, buy, buy! I love going to Clothesline because I get to talk with my craft-people friends, and ask them about how their summer festival season went. I also enjoy it because you get less crowds than other festivals and the people that are there are more of the art-craft loving crowd type since you have to pay for entrance. The other reason I love the festival is because the grounds at MAG are lovely, and you get to go in to take a peek inside if the day is too hot or raining. Also, after a summer of looking at stuff and getting ideas, I get to buy some stuff, or like this time around discover a new artist to buy from. I got two new artists on my list to buy from!
