While I find the purpose of Yelp to be a great resource , I find the information for A lot of the places reviewed to be quite inaccurate and somewhat all over the board. How some of us can have a great experience and others seem to hate the moment is quite a mystery to me. That said I would like to touch on some things that are misstated. I think for every person who has had negative experience there are 100 who did not , the check in area is a little small in Latham but has been updated and now offers much more room. The Studio has a regular cleaning service and in my visits has never been "dirty". The instructors are extremely friendly and very engaging and while the check in process can seem slow or cramped at times they do have MInd Body and the extra space has helped quite a bit. Pricing is no different than other Studio's that are competitive , of course now that the Yoga market has become so saturated most places drop pricing to compete. Which reminds me , I am quite certain that both Hot Yoga and Barre were brought to the capital district by the owner Emily. I would go so far to say that most of the other studio's we go to the Owners or instructors were more and likely a student of Emily's at one point and more and likely certified by her. While were on the topic of Emily , I see some people were not a fan of the fact that she poses with the class instead of walking around. I bet if she walked around more , people may see her differently , I find that to be a positive. I guess lastly I should say as I do with anything , I researched in detail just who was instructing my body to do things I felt uncomfortable (at first) doing. Emily I found out has a bachelors degree in exercise and science from Springfield College , she is a certified health fitness instructor from the American college of sports and medicine as well as a primary group exercise instructor cert.  I believe she also has mat science 1 and 2 thru the AFAA and over 20 years in the health and fitness industry. I don't remember her work history but I believe she spent some years working for a large firm in NYC. (thank you google !!!!) I guess I am saying I have loved my experience with Estudio for the past 4 years and I thank Emily for having the courage to bring Hot Yoga and Barre to the Capital District !
I've been coming to Latham studio for almost 2 years but have decided to go elsewhere when my package is complete. Studio is cramped and feels dirty.  While most instructors are excellent others are so bad they are going to get someone hurt. Hot Yoga is great but Hot barre is not -they don't appreciate the difference. Can't take the hot cramped space any longer!
I have only been to one class so far....the class  itself was sufficient. My issue with the studio was the check-in space. They have a card catalog system and only accept cash/check. Perhaps they would benefit from checking out Mind Body software. I shall run it by the owner if I ever track them down. :) The teacher I had seemed knowledgeable enough. She did not do many adjustments and practiced herself nearly the whole time. Playlist and temperature were alright. Even though it is a heated studio, it is still overpriced considering classes are only 60 min or 75 min. Considering the small space, they are doing what they can...but improvements to the check-in process need to be made.
I've been to this yoga studio on several occasions now. The experience has been a bit different each time, but overall very positive. The studio is heated to the mid 90's and keeps your body warm and limber. I took a class with Susan and she proved herself to be one of the best yoga instructors I've ever had. The class was full of experienced students. I' not a total newbie but I'm not really that good either.   She guided the class through a complex routine. Some of it I had never seen before, and she got us to do things that I didn't dream were possible. I've taken a class with Emily the owner who pretty much just blew me out of the water. She has a devoted cohort and the class was packed. To say is was challenging is an understatement, and the students loved her for it. These are the people who thrive on a punishing workout.   They would have a 5 star review if it were not for the cramped check in area, and no locker room or changing room other than the bathroom. The studio is very popular and the Monday evening I was there hosted so many people that it was hard to move around in the check in area.
I have attended quite a few classes at E-Studio at both of their locations (Latham and Clifton Park). E-Studio is not my favorite place to practice, but when I moved away from my yoga studio it became more practical for me to attend classes here. Both studios have very small, cramped checked in spaces. There are no locker rooms and there is only one single stall bathroom. The Clifton Park studio was VERY small but they have since expanded it by about 10 feet (making the check in space even more cramped than before). The actual practice space in Latham is although at least twice the size of the one in Clifton Park, possibly three times the size. Clifton Park can probably only *comfortably* fit 10-12 people after the new expansion. Although it's supposed to be "hot" yoga, I find it to generally more of a "pretty warm" yoga. There is no central heating. Instead they use many space heaters to try and warm the space. At times I have come to morning classes that were in the low or mid-70s because the heaters had been turned off over night and did not warm up the room in time for class. The evening classes are often between 87 and 90 degrees, if you are close to a heater. If you are in the center of the room it will be much cooler. I really like the instructors many of the instructors, especially Melissa L. She is great and her classes are super challenging and awesome. Vicki is also very friendly and has some challenging classes. Emily is the owner and her classes are super challenging, however, she tends to practice along with you and doesn't really walk around the room or do adjustments. This is fine for me, but when I brought a friend who was new to yoga to the class, she had no idea what was going on. In general I don't get a super friendly vibe from the rest of the staff or other yogis and yoginis. As weird as this sounds, it seems a little clicky. Is that even a word? Most of the people who attended, especially the morning classes in Latham, seem to be pretty well off stay at home mothers who have just dropped their kids off at  private schools and who have the newest Lululemon outfits and giant diamond rings. I mean, if that's your thing that is totally fine, but I cannot relate at all. There don't seem to be that many people under the age of 30. I did a personal 30 day challenge and went every single day for a month and not a single person (instructors aside) ever said hello to me. This is a cash only business, and they do not accept credit cards. They have also raised their prices. Unless you purchase an unlimited pass (available for 1 month or longer) E-Studio does not allow you to use your class packages at both studios, and you instead have to purchase separate packages or classes for each location. Now that Hot Yoga Latham has opened up (which has showers, locker rooms, less expensive and more classes, and which lets you use your package at any one of their 3 locations) I probably will not go back to E-Studio (although like I said, I really like Melissa, so who knows!). EDIT: I've recently learned that Emily, the owner, is not actually a Certified Yoga Instructor (she is a personal trainer). I am guessing she cannot actually offer assists and such during class for legal reasons.
Sachi is the best yoga instructor. Her classes are hard but if you do moderations, anybody can do it. She's the best! Wish she was in California!
My first class here was Hot Power Yoga with Emily.  I am still somewhat of a beginner (and was very much so a beginner at the time) and this class was pretty challenging.  I've attended this class several times and they are always packed - so show up early.  Many of the other students are pretty advanced and you can tell they know what they're doing.  Emily provides a lot of verbal instruction and also demonstrates the poses herself.  She doesn't really walk around the room and adjust your poses, though.   I also took one class with Noreen on Wednesdays.  This was called "Beginner/Intermediate", but I'd say it was definitely beginner - nothing we did was new to me.  Noreen was also a good instructor, explaining poses, demonstrating them, and making adjustments to your poses.  I found this class to be a little too simple for me, so I haven't gone more than once.  If you are still a beginner or new to hot yoga, I would recommend her class. As other commentors have said, the check-in space is very cramped.  This is more of a problem after class when everyone is trying to put their shoes on at the same time.  They have several heaters i the studio, so it gets very hot.  I also like how there are mirrors across the whole wall in front, so you can see what you are doing and how it compares to the instructor.   Classes are a little pricey ($17 each for a drop-in), which is why I don't go here regularly.
