Went for the first time on Saturday. Now, I expect some less than flattering responses to this, but they were out of veggie patties! I know, I know, I am the strange one. I am different. My kids wanted Smashburger and I was eager to try the black bean veggie. They enjoyed their burgers (I did not witness the soggy bun rants I have seen on here) and the fries were good. I did have the smash fries and they were tasty. These are classic shoestrings and they were cooked well.  You can't compare these to 5 Guys as they are clearly different. I enjoyed what I had. The kids also got Oreo shakes which were very good and a good consistency. But seriously, how do you run out of veggie patties on a Saturday night? I could have had a salad, I guess, but I was a little thrown off at that point and the line was building behind me. This tells me that Smashburger does not care that there may be people out there who do not eat meat. Clearly the response some people may want to post is, "So, then do not go to Smashburger." I might very well take that advice as there are plenty of places for me to get a meal.  More than likely, I will got there again (or another one) to try the veggie burger as I am still curious about  it. I think if I could have gotten a meal there, I might have given at least 4-stars. If I do go back and am able to try the veggie burger, I will update my review.
Went for the first time on Saturday. Now, I expect some less than flattering responses to this, but they were out of veggie patties! I know, I know, I am the strange one. I am different. My kids wanted Smashburger and I was eager to try the black bean veggie. They enjoyed their burgers (I did not witness the soggy bun rants I have seen on here) and the fries were good. I did have the smash fries and they were tasty. These are classic shoestrings and they were cooked well.  You can't compare these to 5 Guys as they are clearly different. I enjoyed what I had. The kids also got Oreo shakes which were very good and a good consistency. But seriously, how do you run out of veggie patties on a Saturday night? I could have had a salad, I guess, but I was a little thrown off at that point and the line was building behind me. This tells me that Smashburger does not care that there may be people out there who do not eat meat. Clearly the response some people may want to post is, "So, then do not go to Smashburger." I might very well take that advice as there are plenty of places for me to get a meal.  More than likely, I will got there again (or another one) to try the veggie burger as I am still curious about  it. I think if I could have gotten a meal there, I might have given at least 4-stars. If I do go back and am able to try the veggie burger, I will update my review.
I have a cobb salad.. monstrous portions!  Place is paced but the service is decent definately cant complain. I know for sure they are giving 5 guys burgers a run for their money!
We ordered the New Yorker Burger and Avocado club(burger and chicken). The New Yorker was delicious and the Avocado club burger was as well.The Avocado chicken was okay, but the piece of chicken we received was extremely thin (like a piece of deli ham) and I didn't think it was worth $6.99. The smashfries were AHMAZING. I would come back, but would make sure not to order the chicken burgers.
Juicy good burger and yummy seasoned fries
I'm a devotee of 5 Guys but I might like smashburger a little better. The burgers are good but the variety on the menu means that my wife will want to come here more often, which means I get burgers more often!
Que took our order, and was super friendly and enthusiastic. She did not forget to cross-sell menu items, and make suggestions. Why can't all places provide service this great?? You can literally change anything on the menu and create a custom meal. Such fun! I had the grilled chicken with melted Swiss and mushrooms, but skipped the bun in favor of the lettuce and spinach. Hubby had the classic burger, and we shared smash sweet potato fries and onion curls. The meat was tender and juicy, and you can taste the freshness of the onions. This meal was so delish that we are already planning to go back! The onions and fries are greasy, which is my only complaint. Otherwise, food quality, selection, cleanliness, and service are aces.
Solely based on food. For fast food,it definitely doesn't have the fast food feel. Had the spicy Baja burger, delicious! I would've preferred a little more kick from the spice end but that's just me. I also ordered a side of the smash fries, good but be careful don't over do it. I was a fat fat fatty and ate my buddy's order of smash fries as well (I got no self control!) All that oil=no bueno. Can't wait to try the rest this place has to offer.
I don't get what all the hype is about.  I found the burgers and chicken to be very pedestrian.  Burger itself was under seasoned.  The chicken had slimy and grisly parts...very disappointing when the meat is so small and by the time you cut that part out, there isn't much to eat.  The bun and veggies were good and fresh.  Sweet potato fries are a refreshing change.  Service was friendly.  I'm just not a fan of Smash.
We saw on yelp that this place had lost focus. We disagree. burgers were were very good, chicken was thin sliced but both pieces were not dry. Fries with rosemary are very tasty. Manager checked in with us so did three different workers. this is a nice touch for a fast food restaurant. This place is spotless.
Went there for lunch today...I kick myself for not having had stopped here before. Very good burger and fries place is clean and service quick. Not to mention all the workers were very polite. But a little pricey for a burger and fries.
I really enjoyed smash burger, and I think it's a new favorite. The selections are generous and varied.  You can choose burger size, seasonings and toppings.  The smash fries are on point!  Omg I was so pissed after work dragged me all the way out here, and the two trains and two buses to get here didn't help my diva mood. Though after a little retail therapy and lunch at smash burger I was right as rain, and I didn't even notice the long a$$ ride back to manhattan.
They good I'll go here b4 5 guys :)
Smashed fresh served delicious this is the best. Very nice family atmosphere young and old. The table service was unexpected but appreciated. Can't wait for my next visit.
I live down the block & I love this place. The burgers are great & everything is fresh. You can also make your own burger or chicken sandwich. They also have really good milkshakes. I go to this place all the time & I'm really glad their finally open.
3.5 is more in order. I've rounded up because they have a clean bathroom and they deliver food to your table. The waitresses are very nice. Let's go on with the food- it's a good burger. Maybe even great. Not sure if it's so great that I'd go back for more with it being out of my way but I enjoyed my burger. I like the options you can put on it. I don't think that the burger is anything better than five-guys but it's not worse. It's probably on par from my experience. I'm sorry- I don't buy into the hype of new burger spots unless they offer out-of-this-world deliciousness. To do that- you'd have to add MSG and other crap to it so thumbs up to this place for not doing that. I will say that the milk shake was really good. Better than Bare-Burgers touted milkshakes but nothing compared to Shake Shack's. Burgers are better than Shake Shack (I don't like their gritty burgers anyhow). The place is really clean and bright- makes you feel like you're back into one of those retro burger joints because of its red booths. I liked the experience. The line though... they can do something about that because they have the space for it. I don't know. Nothing spectacular. The high star-rating is probably because I was so hungry I actually ate my burger and drank my shake. 3/5 for Food 3/5 for Atmosphere (Rude people around) 4/5 for Restaurant. 3.5/5 for overall experience but we are upping it to 4 because my friends love this place. P.S. I cut-off NYC-traffic during rush hour to get here in under 45 minutes in heavy traffic. So mission accomplished.
I LOVE Smashbuger, but this location has disappointed me every time. I understand mistakes happen, but they have never gotten my order right. I keep thinking I'll give it another try and am always disappointed. The Mamaroneck location is so much better and its a shame because I live closer to this one. The food is great and I love their menu, but this location just can't get it together.
Oh yeah!!!!! Spicy Baja chicken and sweet potato fries.... Um um good!
The concept is great: my burger had a perfect sear. Unfortunately, the seasonings ended up in the center of my burger, making it less palatable than it would've been. Also, the kitchen forgot to pack my french fries in the order. That said, the toppings are fresh. If the kitchen and staff pay a little more attention, this could beat Five Guys up the parking lot.
Love this place. Great burgers. Love the sides you can pick from especially since fried pickles are one of the sides :) Can't wait to go back.
Finally got a chance to check this place out. There was no line when I got there around 4:30pm. I decided to order the Avocado Club burger with sweet potato fries. I was surprised they didn't have any combos, you had to order each separate. It came out to about $10. I decided to take it to go, since there weren't much seating, and I'm only 10 mins away. When I was leaving there was then a long line. I must say the burger was very juicy. It had avocado, bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo. I added ketchup. The sweet potato fries were good even though they were very thin. I definitely will come back. I think their burgers are better than five guys! Only after 1 try.
I have been to this location twice. First time was great. The second time the food was just as good! However, I had what appeared to be another patron deliver my food to me. Before I could say anything, she walked up front to the counter (she was sitting at the hi tops before). Even the people next to me commented that it was odd. I went up front to ask why she had my food tray (thinking they dropped my food off to her by mistake). When I questioned her why she delivered my food, she turned around and pretended not to hear me!! When an identified food runner asked if something was wrong, I told her the issue, and then said "oh, it's ok. She works here." It's not ok. No uniform, no nametag. Could have been any random person for all I knew.  Make me feel like I'm the crazy one because I asked. I should have asked for the manager, but I didn't.  The food is consistent and their smashfries are awesome! Now if they could just work out their staff issue....
Its fast food lets be real BUT that being said it can be of the healthier variety...depending on your choices.....LOTS to pick from and I will admit I am not only a fan but a bit addicted.  Their gilled chicken is tastier and juicer than most fast food consistently.  They offer a variety of buns and toppings, and I LOVE THE SWEET POTATO Fries...that being said it can get crowded and yes the 2 lines thing is a bit awkward but it is with good reason.  I have yet to try the burgers but honestly they haven't disappointed with the grilled chicken for me to try the burgers yet.  As for five guys up the parking lot I think they have lost me for good to smashburger. :)
I went there to see what the fuss was about. I purchased a burger and fries that came to almost 10 dollars, I could not believe how expensive it was and how little food I received for the price. I was not blown away I should have crossed the street and bought a meal at wendys, I would have been better off. The meal was okay, I would not go there again there are better options out there and more affordable places to eat.
the best burger place around !!!
I stumbled in by accident, unaware of reputation. New, clean, okay service. I've been to all the chain restaurants (including Five Guys, In n Out, Fat Burger,Johnny rockets, etc.), the burgers here are the best of those and of some actual restaurants. Had the Classic Burger and the Mushroom Swiss
Hands down!!!! The best burger I have ever had and the price makes it even better. I have had $25 dollar and up burgers and its no competition.  The meat is juicy and rich with flavor and the add-ons are so, so fresh. I'm in love, I keep telling myself my waist is not going to like me if I keeping going beck for more. If you are in the area or just shopping at Fairway you have to stop into this place. Ah!!!! I have to stop typing I'm getting hungry, I might need my fix again. :-)
We Went to Smash Burger Yesterday. The meat is a bit thin but sill tastes great . The vegetables were fresh and the Jalapenos were nice and hot. The fries are thin but hot and crispy. I would definitely return again. Reminds me of Big Buns in the DC area.
Great!  I'd say that the burger was comparable to Five Guys, but with the added options of multiple types of buns, including whole grain, which is a big plus.  The restaurant itself has a very good atmosphere- clean, brand-new and attractive (i.e., much better than any other burger place).
The place is fairly new and offers a nice attentive staff.  The food tastes great and it was rather pleasant. I would recommend to anyone looking for a good burger
Not good. My boyfriend had a hair in his burger, grossed me out and ruined my experience. Needless to say we won't be going back.
I would like to give this place 5 Stars,  the burgers are really good,  the place was clean.  The only reason why i can't give 5 stars is the seating arrangements,  its a small area for seating and often times you can't get a seat do you either take it to go or you eat in your car.  BTW, I did say the food was good.
They make a pretty good burger. Nothing transcendent -- no ballads will be written about them, no poems composed. I do like the haystack style onion rings, and the fries with rosemary are pretty tasty, too. However, something has gone wrong with their management of the customer experience.  The wait in line to place your order is ridiculous; we stopped eating there for quite a while because of it.  Eventually they developed an online capability to pre-order for take-out, or we would never have come back here to eat (that said, I should note that the staff seems to have a lot of trouble keeping track of which orders were placed online and which were placed in the restaurant, which doesn't inspire confidence; just assign unique order numbers, for heaven's sake...) The kids seem to gravitate more towards Smashburger than the nearby 5 Guys -- and Smashburger does have a more upmarket feel -- but I don't think their burgers are any better, and 5 Guys not only takes your order much more quickly, they offer you gobs of roasted peanuts to munch on while you wait (a nice, homey touch).
I know it is a burger joint but I haven't had the burger just the chicken salads and my kids have the chicken fingers.  They are both okay, not stellar.  My husband usually has the burger and according to him they are blah.  By the way,  stay away from the milkshakes....my daughter and husband got very sick from drinking a milkshake there. I mean very sick.  Oh, the only thing that we actually really liked was the sweet potato fries.
I've had far better burgers. I got the bacon cheeseburger; added avocado to it for extra. The burger was nothing special; in actuality, the burger was kind of greasy. The fries, however, I did like! They offer sweet potato fries which many establishments don't carry; and if they do, they're often times the wrong grade (too thin) and end up tasting like dull, vaguely, sweet potatoes. This was not a problem with Smashburger. I enjoyed both their sweet potato and russet potato fries.
This is a smaller location than the 2 others I've been too. Takeout was real greasy and soggy. The bread was soaked. I can't get the smell out of my finger nails and now I feel disgusting. Disappointed. I'm giving Smashburger a rest for a minute.
I am so glad this organization opened up near me :).  I prefer these guys over the other guys.  I order the New Yorker, Classic Smash or the Avocado club which are all delish by the way.  I always include my burgers with my favorite Sweet Potato Smashfries with a side of ranch dressing dip...Yum.  The most important part about this place is their phenomenal customer service skills.  Their management team definitely hire the right people.  Every employee are pleasant, friendly and courteous to deal with. If you are looking for delicious burgers with outstanding customer service then this is the place to be.
3.5 Not as good as the nearby 5 Guys, though. They have nice vegetarian options and healthy "veggie" fries are also good.
Awful overpriced filthy place. Waited in a tremendously long line for food that sucked in plain English. Soggy bread poor service. Will not go back.
Happy 900th review for me on YELP.  I say this was the first time I headed to a Smashburger, heard alot about the place and how many new ones are popping up all over town.  This was the location of the OTB (Off Track Betting) back in the days in this area.  I was impressed with the place. -Ordered the NEW YORKER Burger with everything on it, well all of the free toppings.  It came with cheddar, garlic grilled onions, spinach, tomato, lettuce on an Egg Bun.  I loved it, Burger was not too overcooked or undercooked.  Regular price it was $6.29 plus tax.  Got the fries also, they were regular shoe string variety for $1.99.  I should have gone with sweet potato fries, I usually love those. These fries were just okay. -This is a spot I will definitely come back to, my dad said he ordered the regular smashburger and didn't like it too much, but he really like the New Yorker this time around.  Their salads here looked pretty good as well.  i will also order a milkshake next time as it looked very good at someone near me table.  Look forward to coming back soon.  Great service by the staff at this location. The burger to me is right up there with 5 guys, shake shack is really great but sometimes too greasy, this one was not so much grease.
I have to say that these boutique burger joints are a real welcome from the McDonald's and Burger King machines. Don't get me wrong - I'm a fan of both chains, but I like Smashburger's restaurant quality burgers. With Five Guys no more than a hot minute from this location, it feels like Pelham Manor might be reaching a burger saturation point (let's not forget that Wendy's is right across the street too). But I have to say that Smashburger gets it right. The beef patties are flat (smashed) and develop a nice outer crust while retaining all its juices. A tempurpedic soft potato bun bookends the juicy patty and all its toppings into a savory bite with lots of different textures. They're really delicious. One thing that Smash has over the competition is the variety of burgers prepared with different and fresh ingredients. The descriptions sound appetizing too: Spicy Baja Burger, The New Yorker, there's one that comes with truffle mayo and a grilled portabello mushroom. I know they're probably just onion rings, but I think it's genius naming it haystack onions. I want. As for the Smash Fries, think of thin crunchy potato sticks shellacked with oil and dotted with fragrant bits of rosemary. It's killer for your tastebuds...and your arteries. The menu keeps it simple, narrowing the options to some grilled chicken sandwich specialties as well as salads for the non-meat eaters, not to mention old-fashioned floats, malteds and milkshakes prepared with Haagen Dazs ice cream. The menu is streamlined to these 3 choices, but the variety in which they're prepared is Smashburger's calling card. Nice job.
Underseasoned burger. Mediocre bun. Greasy fries. Poor service. Overpriced. Better off going to Shake Shack in Grand Central and waiting online for 35 minutes during lunch time to get a better burger and shake. Will never go to Smashburger again.
Ok so I enjoyed most of the stuff I saw on the menu and the onion rings were pretty good a bit salty but good none the less. I ordered the new yorker with chili cheese fries and it was pretty good I enjoyed how the table settings were. They are comparable to five guys just with more toppings available. I think they are similar to shake shack but not in flavor. Smash burger brings the order to your table and even when it's packed you are still given your order right away which is great. The wait time at shake shack can some times be over an hour and then you may not be able to get a seat. I enjoyed my food and so did my daughter, my husband favored five guys more then smash burger but I must say that they are pretty good.  This will definitely be a good place to go an hang with the girls. Love that they have milkshakes will try on my next time out.
I usually do not patronize fast food type places and/or chains, but we were in need of some eats before doing our pre-holiday shopping at the Fairway sharing the same plaza so into Smashburger we went. It was very busy and we joined the double queue to wait our turn to order, noticing their vegetarian selections which were designated on their giant wall board in green lettering. But more than that we noticed the cheery and friendly workers who seemed genuinely happy to be there. Smiles were plentiful and they were asking patrons if it were his or her first time. If it were the first time, the client got a welcome to and if not a thank you for her or his return visit. 5 star service! Back to the food. I had not known that SB's menu is geared specifically to regional preferences... We both ordered the Spicy Veggie Black Bean which was served with fresh jalapeño rings and guacamole styled in an artistic heap along with pepper jack, lettuce, tomato, onion and chipotle mayo on a spicy chipotle bun. The burger was tasty but was a bit crumbly and fell off the bun but there discernible chunks of black beans in there. I got a side of their Veggie Frites and The L. got the basic fries. The veggies fries were just string beans and carrots spears and while I liked the idea, they were a little too greasy. The plain fries were just that. Maybe we should have ordered their Smash Fries or Fried Pickles (!) instead. Maybe next time... The facility was clean, including the single serve ladies loo, with plenty of seating and parking. It is a decent and solid choice for fueling up before heading to Fairway (because the last thing I want to do is shop there hungry, lolz...) 3.5 stars. youtube.com/watch?v=LQj-…
Being a Monster-Smashburger fan, I always make it a point to stop in here on my way back to Westchester and I'm always rewarded by a perfect Fried Egg and Cheddar Burger with hot onion crisps. I have been to Smashburgers in Utah, California, Colorado and New Jersey and must say that I am MOST impressed by the staff and training that Smashburger provides. The Pelham location is no exception -- the staff is welcoming and friendly and the on-site manager is there to ensure your happiness, whether it's a side of extra pickles or throwing down an extra burger so you don't have to get up and wait in line all over again in the event you're still hungry. If you're a milk shake fan, you're in luck as Smashburger serves it up old-school by letting you have the shake and what's left in the silver shake cup! Best of all, if you're not in the mood for a burger or have chicken-loving kids, this location offers an awesome fried chicken sandwich, as opposed to the Paramus location which does NOT. Clean, professionally-staffed and tasty = a recipe for a great meal.
Oh MY God does this place make awesome burgers and fries. I had the BBQ, Bacon & Cheddar Burger with the Smashfries. Totally delicious and it completely hit the spot! In my opinion this place blows Five Guys out of the water. Now they need to open a Smashburger restaurant near me.... :)
I'm embarrassed to admit but I eat here about once a week. It's really good and I've had every variety of burger AND chicken sandwich AND shake AND side. (Not at the same time.) Yup, it's that good. Service, well... at least they're friendly when they're fixing their mistakes. A common one - at least whenever I'm there - is omitting the avocado on the AVOCADO BURGER. Not joking. Prices are good for a quality burger.
Probably one of the best burger places in Westchester.  Really reminds you of homemade burgers.   Affordable, and quick. Fries are definitely on the greasy side but still crispy and properly seasoned
I've been here every time I'm in the area.  Always outstanding.  Favorite is a grilled chicken New Yorker and sweet potato Smashfries.  I'm thinking I"ll have to get over there again soon!
Nowhere near as good as it used to be when it first opened. The burgers used to be juicy and seasoned perfectly. Not anymore. Now, what passes for service are completely over-smashed, overcooked and dried out, over-seasoned patties, that are supposedly hamburgers. They're concave pucks that remind me of an overbaked dog turd on a hot sidewalk. Company QA needs to come through here and retrain the staff they're screwing up royally. The fries are bland, and the chocolate shake sucks...It doesn't have enough chocolate ice cream, or whatever brand they use sucks. I'm done going here. It's very pricey considering it's fast food, they need to up their game. A waste of money.
Great fast paced place, though very noisy like your in a cafeteria. Just a simple place to brings your friends for food. Wouldn't recommend bringing your first date here but overall its chill.
Note: This review is concerning the Chicken Burger, I have never experienced a beef burger here. So, this place opened up and it's right next to a couple of Sunday Brunch spots my friends like. We don't have any trendy burger spots (aside from Five Guys) near us so I decided to give it a try. I've had the: Spicy Baja Chicken Pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, spicy chipotle mayo and fresh jalapenos on a spicy chipotle bun. I've switched out the Pepper Jack cheese for Blue twice. It's honestly, the best chicken burger I've ever had, the smashing really helps. I know that sounds ridiculous, but the texture of the burger is somehow more edible when smashed. It reminds me of these spots called "vromiko" in Greece where they used to bbq chicken and make ridiculous sandwiches with it. The crowd is mostly teens, I honestly feel like I'm too old here a lot of the time, but the burger is worth it when you get 'that' craving. The amount of spicyness I can handle scares everyone that knows me (I have 7 bottles of Death sauce at home) and I find the amount of spicyness of the baja chiken to be just enough without being obnoxious, it's a well thought out chemistry/gastronomy experiment. They also send me offers for a couple of dollars off my burger every week by e-mail, so I have every reason to go back.
You know how I feel about Bill's Burger ... I've written its praises and ate it almost weekly during my pregnancy (my son has a superb palate already, apparently). But luckily, Bill's doesn't have to be one of the many places I long for now that I'm not in Manhattan anymore - because Smashburger is just minutes from my house. Like Bill's, Smashburger uses fresh ingredients to make delicious burgers fast. On our visit, Brian had the Classic (lettuce, tomatoes, ketchup, onion, American cheese, pickles and special sauce). He is not one to easily be impressed with a burger, which is why I was surprised to watch him devour the the classic, splattering its contents onto the wire basket the burger is served in. I felt like being a little healthy, so I got the black bean burger and personalized it with caramelized onions, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, special sauce and BBQ. The burger was delicious ... and messy. Black beans dropped with every bite, making me confident of it's quality and freshness. We also split chili cheese fries (who could resist?) which tasted almost exactly like those delectable munchies at Bill's. It's a perfect place for friendly, fast service of legitimately delicious burgers.
Food that's touching that tray ? NOT GOOD! Went their yesterday , I listen to my 14 yr son so we went . Skinny fries with spice ? French fries should be FRENCH FRIES A LA 5 Guys plain and simple bread was gummy again that food touching that tray ? I don't know about that. I give it a ONE. SON? Next we go to FIVE GUYS lots of fries friendly staff PEANUTS NO STAFF WALKING AROUND LOOKING OVER YOUR SHOULDER ASKING YOU IS EVERYTHING OK ? No my hamburger and fries was touching that tray, gummy bread. FIVE GUYS YOU ROCK ! CHECK OUT OBAMA AT FIVE GUYS ON YOU TUBE !  Sorry no stars  for smash. FIVE GUYS SMASHES ,,,,,,,smash burger.
Figured I'd give it a shot. Eh, whatever. Nothing special. Want a good burger? There are lots of other options! Go to BGR, 5 Guys, or Cheeburger Cheeburger. Not impressed with this one.
I had lunch at Smashburger yesterday.  It is fairly new and opened recently in the Fairway Plaza.  I didn't know what to expect and I was definitely surprised.  When walking in the door you are met by a greeter who hands you a menu to peruse while you wait in line.  The line wasn't too long - it was divided into two, and there were two cashiers.  Each line had about 5 people in it.  There are many options for burgers - it seems like they've put together several great combinations but you are also able to build your burger from the bun up, including several choices of buns, several options for type and weight of meat, and many, many options for toppings.  There are also side dishes and shakes. I had a chocolate shake, a cheddar / bacon burger, and sweet potato fries.  I placed my order, was given a number for my table and sat down.  The shake came out in minutes and the meal wasn't far behind.  The burger was delicious - the bun, cheese and bacon were great and the beef was flavorful.  The shake was rich and thick.  The fries were crisp and well seasoned.  There aren't tons of seats but the ordering line and food delivery timing seems to pace itself with the consuming food time - until groups split up thinking that 1/2 of their party needs to "hold" seats.   I spent about $12 there.  The service was great.  There were several people working the counter, several in the kitchen and several delivering food/cleaning/ bussing tables.  I was impressed - the place was tidy and fresh.  It is new and still seems to be in good shape.   It was better than 5 Guys.  It was as good as Shake Shack.
Not sure if the restaurant is in Pelham or the Bronx... the address is Pelham, but its location is at the site of a former One Track Betting, a NYC institution, and is in front of the stop for the Bx16. (insert Fry meme here) Anyways, since this Pelham Manor shopping center has grown from a disaster to a destination, I've been carefully stalking the opening of this Smashburger. It finally opened on a painfully inconvenient Wednesday. Fortunately, I found the time to visit tonight. I figured, hey, it just opened, who would possibly be as desperate as me to eat here? Turns out, lots of people. The place is WAY TOO LOUD. I mean, seriously loud. I'm talking elementary school cafeteria loud. It has the worst acoustics ever. And to make it worse, the space is really small and cramped. The line space is incredibly tight and weird (there are two lanes, lines, meh whatever). So moving on, the service is very friendly, and the menu is impressive. It's along the lines of Shake Shack and Five Guys, but with many more different varieties of cheeseburger. I opted for the Spicy Baja burger. It was ready in about six minutes or so... not too bad. I found the burger to be quite delicious, with an interesting complexity of flavors. I guess in the eternal war of burger establishments, Smashburger is more on the side of Shake Shack and tastes less like a Five Guys burger. I've never had In-n-Out so I have no idea if I can make a comparison to that chain. The Smashfries are yummy, but are way too thin and hard. I think the flavor would go better with a thicker fry, like a steak fry. They also have milkshakes, but I thought they were a little too expensive. I don't really like milkshakes much anyway. Brotip: get take-out. I know it's not a fancy establishment, but unless you're dining alone, you won't be able to hold a conversation. My review is actually 3.5 stars. If it gets quieter, I'll raise it to 4.
Seriously solid burger joint with a very sweet staff. Upon calling to inquire if they were open on New Years Day (to which I got a "Oh course hon" from the other line, and it made my day), we traveled out to this place in New Rochelle to chow down. Both me and boo bear got the New York burger, he the Big Smash and me the regular. If I hadn't been getting fries I would have gotten the slightly more filling burger (at 7oz), but the smaller one (5 oz) did just fine! The Smash Fries (garlic, rosemary, and olive oil) are AMAZING. If you had any doubts about these fries when looking on the menu, kick yourself in the pants. These are delish. While the combination of the New York burger is amazing, the meat itself needs to be a little bit more delish - I love that it's all natural, but (and I hate to say this) it really could use a little bit more salt to round out the flavor. Still, totally solid place. Will definitely be back :D
This burger place is up there with five guys burgers and fries ,only difference is the burgers are Smaller and they dont give you 2lbs of fries that are the best. The shakes are good  root beer floats are a must
Steady food, steady service, steady cleanliness...this is Smash Burger. We ordered the BBQ Burger, Classic Grilled Chicken, Sweet Potato fries, and an Oreo milkshake. Everything was good and you can tell the ingredients are as fresh as can be. I still prefer the Five Guys burger regarding taste but the quality is definitely comparable-no doubt. Final Verdict: We should be back.
Love this place for the burgers but even more for the sides!!!  Beat fries and the onion haystack is AMAZING.  Great shakes too. Better than any burger joint I've been too.  Better than Five Guys and Shakeshack
i saw the place being built while shopping around the Fairway. I came in on a rainy night but i was hungry for a burger. The place is definitely screaming they're brand new, there's still some stuff they have to work out and you can tell. From experience in working in a restaurant and a catering house i kinda figured it would be a rough start. When i walked it i was unsure if this placed did take out (it is a burger joint after all), they handed me a menu to do take away and their line system was kind of odd. two lines to order but you would have to alternate to order, definitely didn't like that idea (people come after you but they can order first?).Definitely like the variations of burgers and the choices of create your own. I understand that it takes a little bit longer to make your custom made burgers which is fine. the staff knows that too, they try hard to keep all orders under 10 minutes. It does however seems to be inconvenient if someone to make a large order therefore backing up everything. I had the grilled chicken baja smashburger with some smash sweet potato fries. Fries were a bit too oily but very flavorful. It had a different taste from any other sweet potato frie that i've tried. the burger was juicy and just spicy enough so you wouldn't be screaming for a drink. my only complaint is that fries just fell out of the container and i just had bag fries. They're definitely trying but i'll try back later
Great Burgers!! You can create your own, salads are also pretty good. Great family place, or just a spot to grab and burger and go!!
I just left there and bought a Cobb salad to go, get home and there's no salad dressing in the bag. My common sense told me if I ordered a salad that should come with dressing but apparently it doesn't . Tip of the day don't use common sense and check your bags before you get all the way home with a dry salad. Smh
Native to Five Guys, I was skeptical about trying. Greasy as heck but nonetheless delicious. The Avocado Club and BBQ Bacon Cheddar Smash are definitely one of the greatest on the menu. Also, I recommend getting a hand spun shake!!! The salted caramel is a real hit here! Definitely coming back! 4 stars because it's good on a good day, some days it's just too greasy to ingest.
Smashburger from Denver, Colorado has stepped onto the NY/NYC scene with a bang. When they announced a few Smashburgers would be popping up in Manhattan and Brooklyn i was definitely happy but then when they announced they were building one in my hometown I was ecstatic. Now I could have an option to Five Guys Burgers and Fries which in my humble opinion is vastly superior to McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King, White Castle etc. This location of Smashburger is tucked off to the side of the Pelham Manor plaza which is super convenient, you really don't need to deal with the cluster of people going in and out from Fairway Market. Upon walking in you realize this place is brand new and not yet corrupted by stains on the walls, or a rough looking clientele. Menu above the main counter is very large and readable, staff is pretty friendly and patient, also very quick to churn out your orders. Definitely sign up for the Smashburger E-mails and answer there surveys, it definitely has its perks. They sent me a $ off any sized order coupon which helped a lot when i order the Big Smash BBQ, Bacon and Cheddar Burger which is the largest burger on the menu. The burger definitely mirrors Five Guys Burger in flavor, so juicy, tender and cooked to temperature. The Smash Fries were nothing special, I mean they are definitely good but they aren't awesome like the ones at Five Guys. But the burger lives up to its rep and some people will like it more than Five Guys. Personally I have them on the same level of greatness, gives you two choices now in that area. So don't subject yourself to Mcdonald's or Burger King, definitely hit up Smash Burger.
Great burger combinations and I like that I can change it to my taste. They came out a little oily but it was still yummy. The shoestring fries were delicious and I wish I had more. I like that they clean up and that its a partial waitress setting where they bring out the food so you aren't aimlessly standing or walking around (they have a to-go area for customers that don't want to stay). It's just a nice atmosphere and food kinda place but still feels commercial.
An all around good burger.  I liked the rosemary fries, though I'd prefer them thicker and less greasy.  Nothing to get all hyped about though.  I make a better burger.  Come on over!
had some car trouble. my sis-in-law used this app to find somewhere to eat. she found this place. there were 12 of us...we all loved the food. everyone looked happy to be working there too. wish we had this burger chain in our area.
My husband and I went to check out Smashburger one Saturday evening on a whim. We definitely were not disappointed. After placing our orders we waited for our food to come (definitely a plus to have the food brought out to you so you don't feel like you're eating "fast food"). Our food was served exactly as ordered our burgers were cooked to perfection...they were cooked done but were juicy, my husband's fries had just the right amount of snap to them and my side salad was delicious.  I see they have other offerings on their menu such as chicken sandwiches and salad that I cannot wait to try.  The only downside is that the seating area is very small so on a busy Saturday afternoon/evening it can be a wait for a table. Outside of that Smashburger has two new fans that will definitely be back!
