How do I even begin.... let me give a snap shot: black lights, David Banner's "Don't Play With Me" blasting and 8 girls practicing on their "fireman". The art of pole is not nearly as easy as you think it is... but it's about three times as fun. I know I'll be sore tomorrow and am so ready for more! Jenn (instructor/owner) started the class off with a warm up of stretching and weights. Then we learned 5-6 moves and pieced them all together at the end. The environment was unintimidating, friendly and so much effing fun. Besides Blacklight Intro to Pole, they've also got Belly Dancing (you get hip scarves and a bindi!), Bootcamp, Pole Power, Exotic Arts (lap dancing, strip tease), Pole Ballet and tons classes more. You can drop in for $10 a class. Pretty awesome. There are workshops and also monthly sessions to really get yo' pole on (e'rbody get yo pole on). Plus, the aerial arts studio is next door if you want to get yo' silks on. What struck me the most was how effing terrific Jenn was. During class she came around to offer personal help and then after class, she hung out and talked to us, showed us moves that BLEW MY MIND ("dangerous brian" - omg to the max). HINT: This place is fairly difficult to find. You have to almost park in the CVS parking lot. Then it's at the end of the first building. If you're walking by the horse in a tuxedo (not making this up) you've walked to far. It's at the end of the first building! I can't wait to go baaaaaack!
Any business that is completely inflexible with their rescheduling policy (like theirs) gets one star from me. Late last week, I purchased a Groupon for the sampler class.  On approximately Thursday, I signed up for the session on Saturday morning.   By Friday, I realized that my son was very (unexpectedly) sick.  When I went to their website to try and reschedule for a different Saturday, they have the following disclaimer.   "Once you are reserved for a workshop date, you can not change or transfer to a different date without forfeiting your voucher." Despite the fact that sometimes life happens, whether I showed up or not, they kept the money for the class.  I couldn't even reschedule to a different date.  So, they keep my money and I don't get to try the class at a later date.  Kind of leaves a bad taste in my mouth about the whole experience. If you're thinking about trying the class, be very certain that you can attend or be prepared to donate your money to them.
What started out as an Aerial Sampler workshop has now evolved to weekly Aerial Silk lessons (think of Cirque de Soleil - silks hanging from the ceiling) ... The instructors (who are friendly, helpful, and have a great sense of humor) are amazing - to name a few things I've learned over the past few months: plank, double foot locks, 360 drop from 10 feet above the ground, ankle locks, hanging upside down... It's a great activity for everyone of all ages!
I have taken a few classes at Aerial Arts of Rochester and I always leave smiling.  I did the Cirque Fit class on a Saturday morning and it was an interactive, challenging and fun workout. I definitely recommend it.  I also took a few sessions of beginner pole.  Jennifer is knowledgeable, professional and helpful and my friends and I laughed the whole time (which may or may not be the point, but we don't care).  The Aerial Sampler class was awesome!   We flipped, flew, and hung from all kinds of apparatuses and silks.  The instructors made it easy to feel successful and they were very encouraging and welcoming.  I felt as if everyone had the chance to get some personal feedback and that made a huge difference for us.  They also encouraged us to take pictures of our awesome new skills which added an element of fun to the whole thing.   You should definitely try it with a group of your friends!  We also took a belly dance class there recently, which was OK, but I have taken more effective classes in the past.
