I've been a fan of Cirque du Soleil since my first show (Varekai) in 2006. Since then I've been to Corteo, Wintuk, Ka, and most recently Kooza (April 2009). I'm usually a harsh critic and not easily impressed, but Kooza was the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen. I loved Varekai (since it took my Cirque virginity), Corteo was good, and Wintuk and Ka were just ok. Since I belong to the Cirque Club, I get first shot at tickets before they are released to the general public (I bought my tickets 7 months early). Here's what I loved most about Kooza (without any spoilers): - There were a lot of "Are you kidding me?" moments. The thing that made me fall in love with Cirque was all of the "high wire" and risky acts where you're holding breath and wondering if the person is going to live or die. - There was a great degree of difficulty with each act (I was very happy that there were no jugglers or Olympic floor exercises like previous shows). I respect things that I wouldn't be able to do with unlimited practice (imagine me contorting or walking on a tight rope). - The music was really hip - it sounded like a cross between The Roots and Chris Tucker's character in The Fifth Element. - The host and clowns spoke clear English - the prior shows seemed to incorporate a "jibberish" made-up language. - The costumes and the stage were visually stunning - the production crew is worth every penny. - The skits and audience participation were pretty funny. The show gets an "A" in my book (despite the $25 parking which almost made me drive into the East River). Take your significant other and keep in mind that it'll make the perfect Mother's Day gift - I got tickets for my mom and made her a lifelong fan.
The L. and I recently went to see Cirque du Soleil's OVO at Randall's Island. There are enough reviews about the actual performance and its story so I will focus my attention on the process of buying tickets. It seemed simple and easy enough-just go online. Since my credit card was having a promotion, I accessed available seats that way (and it was early on in the release of tickets not a last minute attempt). Almost all of their seats were sold out. I accessed tickets traditionally and there were so many available my head spun. The tickets were $140 each. I guess that is a decent going rate. The seats were one section back from the center of the performance space. That was fine but what really really p'd me off were the additional fees-$26 for a web convenience fee (really it is their convenience so people will buy tickets) and the $5 e-ticket fee, funny I am using my paper and ink to print the tickets out. I contacted CdS and was told I could have saved the fees by going directly to the box office and paying there. But I was also told the fee covers the box office operational fees. So which is it? I do not use the box office and get charged for it or go there and not incur an extra charge? Along with the additional $20 for parking that makes $321 plus travel costs. And sorry with the young child sitting behind us and talking throughout 3/4 of the performance which p'd everyone off around us, it was certainly not worth the expense. I also did not think that OVO was all that. It was either aimed for kids in which case it was a little too sexy for that set or if for adults the story was puerile. The individual acts though were amazing and saved the day. Also the seats were tiny tiny and cramped and I am of average size (not the national average but neither big nor small) so if you are going either wear some Spanx if you need to or be prepared to share space with your neighbor, LOL. Better yet, watch this instead: youtube.com/watch?v=KeAf…
I have to say, there's got to be a better way to get over to Randall's Island. Sure, there's the bus (clogged by traffic), the ferry (takes a while, and $20? seriously?), and... yeah. I guess they could have a dock for jetskis or something. That'd be pretty cool. That being said, if you're walking from the ferry, like I was, expect to have a walk all the way around the circus tent to get into the entryway.   I was there as a part of a corporate event, so we checked out the Tapis Rouge tent. Very nice - blow-up furniture inside, various sculptures, private store, and more. Food served this time was quite nicely done, although the vegetarians would be left hungry unless you really liked mushroom paninis and cheese & crackers & hummus. To be fair, though, far better fare than the people who managed to pay large amounts (much like a more expensive theater) for food out in the common space.  Given there's nothing else around, captive audience = expensive prices. Shared bathrooms that are actually quite nice, albeit the lines can be long in intermission. Can be a bit chilly waiting outside, and they ran out of napkins for the bathroom sink mid-way through the intermission. Two and a half hours, with a half hour of that an intermission. They close the doors for 10 min at the start of the show, so if you miss that, well, too bad. On to the show itself.  The story is about a stranger insect who is carrying "Ovo", or an egg, and comes across a plot of land where he finds a community of ants, spiders, and more, lead by one eclectic bug and a lady beetle whom he falls in love with, chases, and ultimately wins. The three main actors are unique costumes, everyone else shares costume styles with their type of insect (although there are only one of some insects, like the tube insect and the firefly). The costumes, well-designed, bright colors and sparkles, along with the makeup, done very well. The choreography let the dancers and acrobats across the entire stage, good use of space and leaving few seats that would have a bad view. If you're up front you could be called into action in the show. So you never know... Music was a nice mix of edited classical and modern, fitting the scenes pretty well (minimal dialogue), and the band was all dressed up, too, along with the singers.  Lighting was done via a set of three towers, and the stagehands and acrobats all worked together to set up scenes. The scenes were impressive - significant effort putting together the wall, web, trapeze, and more with limited space in the single ring format. Fillers could use some more pep or people involved, though, oftentimes I found myself waiting on the next act with nothing to do but chat. Acts themselves are a mix of classic circus tricks, from contortionists to trapeze, trampoline, to acrobats, to coordinated ants to feats of human strength and balance across all acts. A nice mix, but nothing that I haven't seen before in various forms. Interesting take on the Chinese yo-yo, too. One nice thing - when they do make mistakes, they recover well. It's pretty much built into the program, I think. And yes, they are quite upset if you are taking pictures, so don't. When leaving, the parking lot is a serious mess. Even with traffic personnel directing, people tend to drive everywhere haphazardly, ignoring them - I blame the bad drivers. Buses come, but you have long lines at the stop. And the ferry is a long walk around the back of the circus (careful if it is wet). Overall, a good traveling show. If I had to pay for it, I think my time and money would've been well-spent on the show, less so on the expensive snacks or memorabilia (masks went from $120 to more than $500!). It's a good, clean show for kids, if you can afford bringing many. Here's hoping they pay the acrobats well, they deserve it for their hard work. You can see the sheen of sweat on most of them after their efforts.
I've always wanted to kick kiwis in the air, juggle fruit and spin baby corn. They have a school for that, right?
I've always been a fan of Cirque Du Soleil and always will be.  Although I agree with some reviewers, that Cirque is getting a little cliche and available in any major city.  Almost like a Starbucks on every corner.   Maybe it's because I secretly want to be in their troop of performers, although I have no talent and am not physically built to be one of their body contortionists or gymnast. I liked this one better than last summer's Kooza. Driving is the best way there, although you have to pay an additional $20 for parking.  It's the quickest and fastest way on and off the island. They took away the bottled water this year, looks like Cirque du Soleil is going Green.  So if you want water, you have to get filtered water in a cup for $1.  Oh well, NYC Tap water.  Beats paying $5+ for a small bottle of water. My favorites of the show were the 5 little bugs that spun pieces of kiwi in the air with their feet, the trapeze artists, and the guy on the high wire.   Do not buy food, bring some snacks in your bag.  This year they didn't search in my bag.  I wish I'd brought my gummy bears.  The food they sell is overly priced.   I'll still keep returning, as I do to Starbucks.  Because even if temporary, it makes me happy for an hour or so.  As long as I get corporate discounts of course!  I wouldn't pay the retail price of $100+ to see these shows.  I don't even know how some families afford to pay that price with kids and all.   The music is always good, performed live with singers, backup singers, and a band.  I hate circus clown music. *EDIT*  No point in bringing a camera!  The seat  escorts will yell at you to put them away if they see you snapping away!
GETTING THERE Pretty simple. I took the 4/5 from Grand Central to 125th and then jumped on a x80. Clearly labeled to Randall's Island. I think it only took us about 45 minutes total. Getting back was a cinch too. There were tons of buses (for free) going to the 125th station. FOOD/DRINKS I'm glad we scarfed down some pizza on the way there because, as expected, your eating options are limited and pricey. E.g. candy, two sodas, two popcorns = $21. Popcorn is about $6. So are drinks. They also have filet mignon for $11, etc. As Ian L. mentioned, there is no security check, so you could bring your own food/drinks, if you wanted to. SEATS I am short and Asian and felt crammed. And if you have a guy with big shoulders sitting next to you - forget about it. There is barely legroom so keep your belongings to a minimum. This is one time where you should hope to get stuck next to a kid. THE SHOW I'd been to one Cirque show before in Vegas. This one was pretty good and entertaining. Insect/bug themed. It dragged on a little, in my opinion. I didn't care for the filler items, just the trapeze/crazy stuff. I did close my eyes for a bit towards the end. There is a 30-minute intermission. Language isn't an issue. If you sit in the front row, you might get picked on or get popcorn thrown on you. I sat in row M and felt like the distance was perfect. They are vigilant about cameras. I liked the female bossa nova singer.
I came here with a few friends by bus. I was pretty excited about coming to watch this show. The last time I've been to a circus type of thing was back in grade school, so I was pretty excited to come see this show. I've heard so much about Cirque du Soleil from many of my friends, but I haven't even seen one until last weekend. This show was pretty impressive. It reminds me of A Bug's Life sort of. It was pretty interesting watching the acrobats perform with tricks at their feet and hands. Watching this show makes me feel like I'm 6 again. I was amazed by a lot of the acts, but at the same time I feel I've seen similar acts on television. But overall I had a great time enjoying the show and laughing at the funny parts, while they were setting up the stage.
I'm a cirque du soleil fan (OVO is my number 9 show) and I can say is....... F.L.E.X.I.B.L.E ! This acrobats were bending, holding themselvs all over the places and I feel FAT and heavy just by looking at myself (sigh....) The show is very entertaining, loooove the clowns and the Cutsie ladybug making tele-tubbies sounds, hehehehhe. First show started with one guy swinging / flexing /  bending around a small pole and did a very good job! 5 little asian girls kicking a kiwi ball around with their legs, very impressive.  Also very well organized and didn't miss a spot!. Guys jumping around in the air, one guy swinging while the other preparing to jump over and 2 other guys in the middle waiting for him to arrive and hold him. The only thing they missed was when one of them Jumped back and the other guy swinging couldn't grab him ontime (awwww). Ending was great!, Love the background walls, Flowers, Bugs, Music, Overall It was a really good Story about insects!.  Out of 8 of other cirque du soleil shows I would give this one a 4! (O is always my number 1).   Pricewise, my friend hooed me up thru corporate discounts.  Any seats is good as long as is not all the way on the last left or right.  If you use AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD you can get dicsounts for Cirque du soleil stuff like their programs (I paid $ 8.00 instead of $ 13.00), CD's, hats, pens, keychains, etc. Food is pretty price, I read Sandy C.'s comment and i brought my own bottle of water and mini snacks instead of paying $ 12.00 for a small soda and popcorn. Transportation wise, I took the bus there and wasn't bad at all, the Bus only takes REGULAR METROCARD from 125th street and LExington and will charge $ 5.50 (that includes roundtrip). and it takes less than 10 minutes from the stop to the Island.  My other group of friends drove in and had to pay $ 20.00 bucks for parking. I would recommend everyone to see this, Specially Young adults!.
Another thing I love about being Canadian is Cirque Du Soleil...umm yeah it's Canadian just in case you didn't know how cool we are! @_^ Now that it's closing this weekend, you may want to hurry and see if there are last minute tickets cause I think it made my week last week! It was awesome! So colorful and cute..loved the little lady bugs juggling big kiwis and corn on the cob :0 I loved the costumes and the live music was a treat for the eyes and the ears. The fact that all of this happens underneath a tent called the Grand Chapiteau made the experience even memorable for me!
Spectacular!!  One of my favorite Cirque shows ever, but I'm saving my 5th star dreams for the day I see "O" hahah Show has two 1 hr segments, with a 30 min intermission to rack up your bar tab.  It's great for adults and kids alike - with the cute bug's world clowns and the exhilarating aerial acrobatics.  Plus, there's a ridiculous amount of toilets stretching all around the tent - very crucial and useful detail.  Taking the water taxi is also part of the fun and convenience (it makes two stops, somewhere UES I forgot, and around 34th st) I went with a bunch of friends and Cirque de Soleil newbies and they LOVED it!  I am looking to buy tickets for my cousin's family who has two boys age 6 and 4. My cousin was hesitant because of the idea of clowns (That "It" movie ruined it for all circuses) but reconsidered knowing the whole bug theme.  I think they would love it! Performers are all over the place - up in the air around the sides - so any seating is good - you can see everything easily.  Middle center I think is ideal, or left seating facing the stage. The clowns go down the left side of the audience seating (facing the stage) so if you like that, sit there!
Show - Family oriented, light hearted, funny for the most part, unique acts that you don't see in other Cirque du Soleil shows. 2 and a half hour show time (including 30 mins intermission). Accommodations - Food is extremely expensive. They have the audacity to charge $1 for tap water! Bathrooms are outdoors, interesting set up, but pretty clean. The seats in this big tent is very small and be prepared to share your personal space with others. Recommendation: Get out of the show before it fully ends because there's only one little exit off Randall's Island. If you have a car, I highly recommend you drive there or else public transportation is a bit of a pain. If you need to use the bathroom, try to go during the end of the 30 minute intermission as there will be less of a line.
my parents really loved this show, and really how could you not love cirque? The seamless choreography, the perfect synchronization, the spot on acrobatics and music and staging and on and on. There is so much going on and you are completely immersed in the experience. it isn't just a show. The parts with the audience member participation are the funniest. check it out! As for Randalls island, there has to be a better way to get here. I drove from Qns via triboro bridge so on top of buying the tix, I had to pay toll and $20 for parking. Sux. It was a rainy day so I wasn't about to take the ferry and the bus.. come on, it would take all day! total pain but at least for this occasion it was worth it! :)
Aside from Ovo, I've been to three other Cirque du Soleil shows: Dralion, Varekai, and Mystere.  Out of these four, I'd rank this at #2.   There were some really innovative, fascinating visuals in this show.  I loved the rock climbing wall and trampoline (at the base of the climbing wall); it created an unique illusion - as if the performers were effortless walking up the wall. I also liked the foot jugglers; they were perfectly synchronized.   Lastly, there was a performer with a straw costume.  This individual contorted and transformed into lots of interesting shapes.  I still can't figure out if it's a single individual or multiple individuals in the costume. I highly recommend the show.  You can easily get half priced tickets via Goldstar or the TKTS booth.  For transportation, I'm a big a public transit fan.  I found it easy to take the bus from the 125th station.  There were several waiting outside during show time.
Love it! Loved the use of rock climbing, gymnastics, arts, dance, costume, and comedy. Among my favorites were the aphids (but I'm biased). Took my mom here and she had a great time too. A nice family event.
I don't like giving five stars to anything because it means that there is no more room for improvement, but I have to do this show justice.  Cirque du Soleil: Ovo is by far, one of the best live performances I've ever been to across all genres of entertainment.  I was lucky enough to score free tickets to their pre-opening show before it got opened up to the general public and yes(!), everyone in attendance was treated to a show. Albeit, prior to Ovo, I was a Cirque virgin, the whole experience was thoroughly enjoyable and I'm not certain what could have been done better to make it any better.  Everything from the lighting, live music (with an amazing jazz female vocal and violinist), the masterful artistry of the performers, the amazing athletic and acrobatic ability displayed, I mean I just couldn't complain about anything.  My favorites were the trapeze crew, the little kiwi kickers, and the trampoline dudes.  But I mean, every single performer did not disappoint.   Ok, one thing, the chairs are kind of hard.  I don't know, I have this fat ass and I usually don't have any problems with hard chairs, but my bum felt really sore.  Also the seating is pretty tight, almost like MSG tight, and I had this big 6'5 265 lb. dude crowding my space for half the show which really sucked.  And of course, all the concessions will be wildly overpriced but it's expected.  You're trapped on an island.  Where else you gonna go?  Also it does take a quite a while to get there and come back.  Our Water Taxi departed at 6:30pm, the show started at 7:30pm, ended 10pm, and arrived at the 35th St. Pier at 11pm.  I think on an any other given night the transportation would've taken less time however. But if given the chance, I would come to this show again.  I'm considering buying tickets for my parents and for random strangers.  That's how good this freaking show is.  So freaking!
Ovo show is quite impressive for a setup underneath a tent in the middle of NYC.   The show was visually stunning and the acoustics were top notch.  This show is definitely a family and date friendly place to go.   IMO, the first part of the show was definitely better then the second part.   The guy dressed in black and just walking, riding a bike, wiggling on the high wire put me in awe.   Overall it was a fascinating show and worth the entire 40% off the full price ticket i paid for. Like my fellow Yelper's wrote, I'm still trying to figure out if there was one dude or two  in the straw costume.  He looked like a slinky on acid!
"Ovo" was good. Not amazing like Cirque's Vegas shows, but good. My boyfriend and I have both seen some of their Vegas shows before; his sister and her husband thought it was really great; but then they've never seen their Vegas shows before. So if you haven't been to Vegas, you'll like "Ovo." There are some parts that are clearly geared towards kids, though--like a clown doing corny stuff. I don't remember their other shows having this "corny" element. But it's still nice to do something besides the usual restaurant, bar or a movie theater. My boyfriend and I drove in. We got there about an hour early so we ate noodles I bought in Flushing, Queens (we wanted to eat real food, and not $10 popcorn and hotdogs). Twenty bucks for parking isn't bad compared to parking garages in the city where you have to add tax and tip on top of it. His sister and brother-in-law took the bus, which they said wasn't a bad ride. The bus leaves from somewhere like 125 St. and goes express to Randalls Island. It's timed specifically for the show, so you won't be late going there or be stuck on the island afterwards. We were in the seats around Row D/seat 17, which gave us kind of a side view of the show sometimes. I saw Cirque's "Corteo" here a few years ago, and I think they were more aware that the audience was all around them and not just in the center. One thing I really liked about Cirque was that their ticket-takers and other staff I came across were really friendly. This is such a rarity in NYC. I should know; I've lived here all my 30-year life! My fave parts of the show...the trampoline with what my boyfriend called "crickets" and the foot jugglers--they were so cute! They remind me of what I could have been if my parents had only let me take gymnastics classes like I'd asked so many years ago, lol. We got our tickets for 40% off on Goldstar, which was a *great* deal.  I don't know if I would have been as happy if I'd paid full price.
Went with Jenn on this one. I have been to 3 Cirque shows and this ranks right in the middle. Good show overall but bad venue. Story line was very good and easy to follow. The acrobatics as always were amazing. The show was funny and cute. The performers were very interactive with the crowd. Now the bad parts. Transportation: To was an expensive cab ride. Back from was a long wait and ride from a water ferry. Not an easily accessible place AT ALL. The venue was very small, it lost allot of the grandeur that is Cirque Du Soleil. I felt like i was outside with a tent over my head because i was. The seats were small and uncomfortable, i felt they were smaller then that at a baseball game. I'm not a big guy but i felt cramped in. I would love to see the same show with the amenities of a larger venue.
Walking into the 'Big Tent' I was a Cirque du Soleil virgin. They have a food/beverage tent serving overpriced food, that said the food was good and portions were large. First practical info, getting there was easy. We took the subway to 125th st and switched to the x80 which is the Cirque express dropping us off right near the tent. The bus is an express bus so it will charge $5.50 or $3.25 if you transferred from the subway or another bus. The fare is only charged on the way out, on the way back no fare is collected and you don't need to present your MetroCard. Tip: If you are looking to save money on your tickets order them through Entertainment.com. The show itself was good, I was really impressed with the consumes and want to know where I can rent one for Halloween. The choreography was very well done. We elected to sit in the side/orange section, aka the cheap seats. i was a little worried we wouldn't be able to see very well, however this wasn't the case at all. The show was truly 'in the round' and I doubt there was a bad seat in the house. The stunts in the show were good, but I think this is the one area it could improve upon. I saw an acrobat show in Beijing last fall and they were doing some the the craziest things I have ever seen. The Beijing show didn't have the Cirque's excellent costumes, music, or choreography, but I definitely think the Cirque could improve their stunts. When we entered there wasn't a security search, so I recommend braining in your own bottle of wine.
I saw this last night. Its my first Circque experience and I wasn't disappointed. I've heard some are better and others are worse, but really I can't complain. Good atmosphere, great sets & lights, and seriously talented (and FLEXIBLE) performers.  I enjoyed lots of the humorous filler and when it came down to some breath-taking moments, well... there's plenty of that too. My only real critique was the sound mix. Overall it was amazing, but seemed difficult at times to hear the performers speak if they were not talking clearly into their wireless mics.   Take a date or bring the kids (or both?) and enjoy the show under the big top. FYI... the x80 bus from 125th & Lex goes to the venue and makes it easy to get in & out. I think its less than $5 r/t with a debit metro card (sorry... doesn't use unlimited cards).
This was my first Cirque du Soleil and it was fantastic! Such a beautiful experience. Can you say magical? It's amazing what humans are able to do with their bodies. The guy walking and hand standing on a rope was the crown jewel for the night! I'm definitely seeing the other ones! Happy Holidays!
Loved it... this is my second Cirque show at Randalls Island. Have taken the water taxi both times... great way to see the city...though you have to be prepared to have some free time...it's takes a while to get back...and then it's hard to find a cab when you get back to FDR. Great Show---SMALL SEATS... thank god the person who was supposed to be next to me didn't show up.... Would recommend it to anyone looking for something different and unique to do... great costumes!
my bf took me to last night's show with part of his NCAA bracket winnings, haha. we listened to reviews and picked up our own food beforehand, took the 4/5 to 125th, and then waited for the x80 (express bus to randalls island). TIP: THE BUS DOES NOT TAKE UNLIMITED RIDE METROCARDS (weekly or monthly) NOR DOES IT TAKE CASH. you have to get a metrocard with actual fare on it. $5.50 per person. this was annoying because most of us weren't aware of it and had to traipse BACK underground to purchase new metrocards. in addition to this, the machines there are incapable of adding money to a metrocard you already have. you need to buy a new one. and you can only buy an $8 card. why?? i have NO IDEA. once we got there, my mood improved. :) the overall feel is old-school circus-y. the food looked great, but definitely overpriced. $25 for 2 hotdogs, drinks, and popcorn? ouch. the restroom set up is like ULTRA NICE porter potties. haha. quite clean, but kind of cramped. you'll definitely have time to go during intermission so don't panic when you see the lines. they die down after about 15 min and you have a 30 min intermission. the show was a lot of fun. i've seen crazier acrobatic stuff in china, but this was still impressive and entertaining! i liked ovo a lot because of the sets and costumes. we power walked to the shuttles as soon as the show got out and got on the first shuttle back. woohoo! excellent experience overall,  check it out. tip: go to goldstar (goldstar.com/events/brow…) to buy 1/2 price tickets :) only good for tues-thurs shows
AWSOM SHOW...... This is a must see.
With Cirque the first time is the best and it is a slow slide after that.  I've been to 5 previous Cirques  so this one is a little shop worn but still a good show for the buck (got my ticket through Goldstar.com so that decreased the sting as this is a show dedicated to insects)! As indicated previously, in a prior review, getting a $5.50 before going to the X80 bus is a very good idea. Don't buy anything.
Great show. Tightrope act was insanity.  1 star off as some of the acts are similar to acts in the other cirque shows.  Great deals to be had just remember to look at seat map upon booking.  Try for first row in the back section as the rows can be very cramped.
Loved this show.
Only in NY can you be sitting next to someone as a performer balances himself on his chin on a unicycle 30 feet in the air on a highwire say, "I can do that".
SHOW:  Ovo is a brilliantly-costumed show with a insect/eco-system theme.  I'm truly amazed at how the performers capture the character (in this case bugs) so well.  My 9-yr old loved it and stayed engaged the entire time.  The performance is in a tent, but you don't miss out on the traditional ariel and acrobatic stunts (albeit not the same as a larger venue but still good).  The trampoline floor and climbing wall was my favorite.  I read a review that described it as "gravity-defying," which is a perfect description.  I also loved the cocoon/butterfly rope routine at the start of the show.  It's not the absolute best Cirque show I've ever seen but, overall, it was beautifully done and the music was fantastic.   SEATING:  There really isn't a bad seat in the house, except possible extreme right or left of stage.  We had Section 200/Row Q/Center.  I was afraid the seats were too far back but the tent is not that large so they turned out perfect.  The "insects" interact with the audience on a few occasions.  If you're interested in this be sure to sit right or left of stage (somewhere in Section 103 or 104), or front row anywhere.  Also, worth mentioning is that the seats are on the small side.  Nothing terrible, but I did hear a few people comment about this. GETTING THERE & PARKING:  We drove from Northern NJ to Randall's Island and it took us 50 minutes.  Once there, it was easy to find the event.  There is a parking lot designated for Cirque that charges $20 but, honestly, you can park at Icahn Stadium for free.  It's less than a 3 minute walk to the tent.  No one bothered our car and I didn't see anyone enforcing parking. WORTH MENTIONING:  The tent is climate controlled (not sure what that means though).  It was 72 degrees the day we attended and the first half of the show was a bit warm. However, after intermission it cooled down considerable.  Also, I think the tickets are expensive.  Definitely look for discounts online.  I got 30% from nytix.com but I have seen as much as 60% off.
This show blows.....there are so many Cirque shows these days they'll be recruiting dudes from McDonald's.  Essentially, this show is stuff you would see at other circuses.  Cirque is like Starbuck's, there is one on every corner.  In NYC, we currently have two shows and the company has shows in 31 US cities.  Just google "Ovo: and see how many cities the show is currently playing in, it's just a joke.  C'mon Cirque, get back to basics and stop watering down your talent to embarassing levels.
Ovo which means egg is a great whimsical show with amazing and incredibly flexible contortionists, acrobats, trampolines, a guy walking on a wire and riding a bike on the wire, foot jugglers, aerial performers and so much more!  There was a little bit of everything for everyone.  There were also bugs clowning around for kids (young and old).  The costumes were colorful and creative.  They were dressed like crickets, grasshoppers, a ladybug, ants, and other bugs!  The props, stage settings and live music was also great and entertaining.  The food they sell was overpriced so eat something before or bring snacks and water.  Leave your camera at home since they don't allow pictures. It was nicely air conditioned while it was hot outside.  The restrooms are outside.  They have 40% off deals on goldstar.com.  Hurry since there are only two weeks left in New York.  Also the X80 bus takes you from 125th Street to Randalls Island ($5.50/$3.50 wth subway/bus transfer round trip) and is more inexpensive than $20 parking.
