Great group to see interesting places throughout NYC and meet awesome people. They do an excellent job of putting together affordable and hard-to-access events on a weekly basis. I've made new friends and have seen cool stuff I didn't even know existed in New York. Well worth checking out.
I've been on several tours already and can't get enough. Whether you're new to the city or lived here for years, there are so many new  places to discover!
I went with the NYAC to a tour of an armory on East 26th Street. After living in NYC for  over 10 years, I really loved finding a place that I had never been to! I absolutely love that the NYAC exists for those days when I feel like being a (secret) tourist.
It's through Untapped Cities that I first heard about New York Adventure Club. Since then, I've attended several events with this social group. It's sometimes tough to make new friends outside of your existing social bubble, to find someone who can peel themselves off the couch to a do a bit of urban exploring. The members I've met have been warm, friendly people (aka no creepos). The variety and frequency of events is highly appealing - some are low-key happy hours, some are all day affairs. I'm glad to have joined New York Adventure Club!
Thanks to NYAC and Cory the clubs wonderful organizer I will never have another week of not knowing what to do.  Weekly newsletters let you know upcoming city events and club happenings.The action is always interesting and its a wonderfully way to make friends and see the city. Everything is super reasonably priced and very accessible, something for everyone and lots of things that you would never know were out there. Highly recommend.
I joined the group out of curiosity. I've always been interested in exploring NYC and figured it might be fun doing what I enjoy with other like minded New Yorkers. That was back in April of this year and I have to say that it has to be one of the best organizations I've ever been involved in. The members are wonderful, friendly, outgoing and fun to hang out with. The events, tours or shindigs are top notch. If you have an interest in NYC, its history, architecture, culture, cuisine, places and venues, then this is the club to join. I highly recommend it to all New Yorkers
I stumbled across this group on Facebook, and am so happy I did! I've only been able to make it to one of the "planned" club events which was an awesome tour of the Freemason's Grand Lodge in Manhattan, and had an amazing time! Everyone was very friendly & easy to talk to and Corey did an excellent job of organizing all the details! Although, I've only made it to one event (due to my varied work schedule & limited finances), I regularly read the weekly New York Adventure Club newsletter & attend many of the free cultural events (all around NYC) that Corey nicely lists out there! I love receiving that email & planning out the weekend festivities! ...Looking forward to more outings with this club!
The New York Adventure Club, it's not a place, it's an experience!! What a great way to meet fellow New Yorkers, while exploring interesting sites, right here under our noses all the time. There's something for everyone, whether you're interested in a scenic bike ride with a knowledgeable guide to point out all the historical treasures you might otherwise miss, or an evening in a real honest to goodness crypt. For the faint of heart, there are excursions to buildings with unique and breathtaking architecture. I thoroughly enjoyed my Saturday trip to City Island and the opportunity to tour inside the house featured in "A Long Day's Journey into Night" along with some fabulous seafood and the company of interesting people. Maybe a tour inside a working brewery is more your cup of tea. There is always something new and interesting happening. Don't just wander around on your day off. Look for New York Adventure Club on Facebook and Meetup and see what's in store. It's an inexpensive way to see the city that the tourists don't see. I've met a great group of people and am always learning something new about "my city".
