I'm a hair bit biased as I am a Union alumnus. A few things you have to look forward to at Union College: - Knowing 1/2 your graduating class by name and recognizing the other 1/2. - Several naked Nott runs. - Painting the "Idol." - Spending absurd numbers of hours in the library writing your thesis and studying for classes. - Making fun of the Minerva houses. - Imbibing in several beers at the fraternity houses. - Knowing your Professors on a personal level - Horrifying digestive issues from West dining. - Avoiding contact with Schenect-"doids." - Hibernating for the entire winter term to avoid the terribly cold weather. Most of the programs at Union are quite challenging from an academic standpoint. The Professors that teach at Union are all highly-qualified. I can think of only maybe one Professor that was not very good in my four years at Union. The students at Union know how to work hard and play hard. Now that SATs are optional, I'm not sure about the caliber of students that are applying to Union any longer, but the number of applicants has shot up. Union's campus is pristine. Quite picturesque during the summer, but brutally cold in the winter. There was a two week period while I was there my freshman year where the temperatures were sub -20 with the windchill. Because of it's small size, it's easy to get involved on clubs. Union always has campus activities going on. My biggest gripe is regarding the Greek system. Union is the "Mother" of fraternities. The first collegiate Fraternity ever- was founded at Union College back in the early 1800s. For over a hundred years, Union was close to 100% Greek. However, instead of embracing this unique bit of history, Union has begun a campaign against fraternities. Starting in the late 1950s, Union began forcing fraternities to live on campus. About 10 years ago, they started seizing the land that the fraternity houses lived on and forcing those fraternities to move into college owned housing (dorms). Unfortunately, these dorms are ill-equipped to handle a fraternity or sorority's needs and they have not been well-kept.   Rather than despising the Greek system, Union should embrace it. A full-on overhaul of the Union Greek system is necessary and I'm not just talking about the housing. They need to hire someone who came from a school with a large Greek system, implement policy changes, and hold members of Greek organizations accountable.
Ridiculously old: founded in 1795. Ridiculously beautiful. Visited this private liberal arts college last weekend for my boyfriend's 5-year reunion, and really enjoyed cruising around campus. It's very very small, the entire campus is centered around "the Nott" (attached photo) while a few buildings and several old beautiful houses circle it; the Admissions Center for example is a restored mansion, cool! Having gone to UT at Austin myself, the small size of the campus blew me away...and made me a bit jealous (I think the size of boyfriend's graduating class was the size of my Chemistry 101 class!) I'm wondering if the folks who attend here realize just how lucky they are. The few blocks surrounding the college are charming (Jay street for example), but Schenectady itself is pretty unsavory. Stick to campus.
This small liberal arts school was  home to me for 4  years. While Schenectady is quite a sketchy city the school itself is gorgeous and feels vastly removed from the city. The great green lawns, fantastic architecture, work hard play hard attitude and friendly group of students and faculty made this a great place for my undergraduate degree. Though recent changes to the greek life and party restrictions have been a slight damper on the nightlife (the school is very dependent on on-campus nightlife) I'm sure it won't bring it down too much. Popular majors include psychology, engineering, english and history with options for a 6 year law program with Albany Law or 8 year med program with Albany Med. Terms abroad programs are also in abundance. A must when you are there: a naked nott run. Google it and I'm sure you will find something.
As a Schenectady native, I always described Union College as "The rich kids' community college". None of their programs are best-in-class, their rankings aren't noteworthy, and the cost of attendance is at the same level as Top 10 schools. It's where people - who have the money, but not the brains - go to make themselves feel like they're special. Walking around campus is like taking a stroll through a nauseating mix of Abercrombie & Fitch meets Jersey Shore. The 'natives' - excuse me - 'students' - seem to be more concerned about their gaudy appearances, than studying for that big exam.
I grew up in Schenectady and my mom worked at Union for years. The area those of you describe as "sketchy" is the slum part of city. We are all aware of it and avoid it. There are, however, areas that are beautiful. Go up to Niskayuna for proof. Also, right around the school are huge, gorgeous homes.
We were at the college for a hockey game.  Unfortunately we sat in bleacher seats which are not my favorite.  But our team won so it was a good game! The rink is not as cold as some we have been in.  The ladies' room sure needs to be increased in size and stall number, but then they always do. Union is a beautiful campus.  I love it.  We parked on the street for the game, and even though the neighborhood outside of the campus might seem sketchy, we had no trouble with the car or going to it.
Knew a friend who went here on and off (very rare for the school) and still seemed to enjoy it 70% of the time. When I visited, I was met with nice dorms on a beautiful sprawling campus. Only downside is nearby downtown Schenectady.
the best thing to ever happen to me!  the best 4 years of my life were spent here- stellar faculty, great student body, beautiful campuses, lots of support that promotes academics and intellectual progress and stimulation.
