love the lilac festival. go every year. they do seem to try and make it better each year whether it be to add and take away venues, but also to get different bands to come in. this year the only band i really cared to see was the original wailers. of course it was super crowded which was expected. i think this year there was one instance of "violence" but it happened after the events closed and the police were on top of it. i know people have expressed concern to stopped coming because of rochester going "downhill" but i haven't been scared away. i love the wine and chocolate/cheese tasting. i love the food, arts and crafts. although i did miss the arts and crafts this year. wish the hours were longer that they stayed open. the parking is good, but do wish for the shuttle for MCC to be open during the week. the music and lilacs are also still good. can't wait for next year.
Ahhh the Lilac Festival. It marks the beginning of Summer finally coming around to the artic tundra that is Rochester. I love and always look forward to coming to the Lilac Festival. I enjoy the delicious food like fried dough the size of your face, fried oreos, garbage plates, and buckets of sweet potato fries. Also, all the vendors are so fun! There are so many interesting things to buy! They definitely made some improvements since 2013. There is more security, and the festival seems more organized. I enjoyed it. The Bad:  I never pay attention to the music acts because they're pretty lame generally, and nobody comes here for the Lilacs because they are pretty much always dead. Also, the Rochester crowd is always interesting and can be a little scummy sometimes. If you have younger children I would suggest coming here earlier than later. When nightfall comes, the angsty teenagers and "gangsters" slither out. You come here for the food and the merchandise. and it can be fun if you don't let the little things bother you. Great place to make memories and gain 60 pounds of delicious, sticky, fried foods covered in ketchup and meat hot sauce.
I ended up having a great time at the Lilac Festival this year. It seemed like there were some nice improvements and I look forward to going more than my usual one day visit. I managed to find free parking in no time off Highland in the neighborhood streets specifically Lilac Dr. A lot of people who came in off South Ave said it was rough and drove around forever. The music was amazing -- on the 17th I went to see Kat Wright and the indomitable soul band, who was absolutely amazing. Such a killer soulful voice. Perfect for a late Saturday afternoon show accompanied by some beers. Following that performance, The Original Wailers performed and it was like vacation all over again. They played all the Bob Marley hits and the crowd was into it! It was packed but not overwhelming. I enjoyed some typical festival fare for the first time: fried peanut butter and jelly. It was so overindulgent, but worth the $5. It tasted like a donut filled with pb&j. I don't think I'll ever eat one again, but I can cross that off my bucket list. The choco sauce drizzled on top was absolutely unnecessary. YOLO. The craft beer spot is also my jam -- $6 for some solid brew options. Still wish there were some more local brews represented but I'll take my Ithaca and CB Craft Brewers beer when I can. I always swing by the food tent for some mozz sticks thanks to Nick Tahou's. Other years I've done the cheeseburger or hot dog thing. It's festival season so eating badly is almost required. Speaking of ridiculous food items: chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick. No, I didn't buy one. But my friend did and I took one bite. Too much for me! But hey, if that's what you're looking for then the Lilac Fest supplies it! I also love swinging by the Red Jacket tent for some juice samples. Beyond that, I steer clear of the other tents. Most are for weird massage machines, wax hands or bath tub fillers. I also partook in the breaking of a Guinness World Record -- world's largest human flower! It was hot and sweaty in those purple ponchos, but we did it! It was fun to be part of that experience. Wish it was on the Saturday of opening weekend. Bet we could have blown that number out of the park. Most people were still working that Friday. This year, the lilacs were in bloom the second half of the Fest. Either way, I'm glad I got to see them! Always so beautiful and they smell amazing.
Final days so if you missed it, you missed it! LoL.. The weather was really wierd today cold and hot at times, but hey that's Rochester for ya! Had a blast, I think the people watching was the best part of the day for me, although the fried calamari came in a very close second.  The flowers were in bloom and the cotton candy was fluffy.... YAY FOR COTTON CANDY!! Okay yeah, I'm a big kid when it comes to that stuff.  Best truck to hit for cotton candy is just outside the entrance to the festival on Highland Avenue...whispers "it's two dollars cheaper than all the trucks in the festival site".   Highlight of the day was actually two performances, one by Cammy Enaharo with her baritone ukulele (Barry) and the other by the Mosaic Foundation. Cammy Enaharo drew me in, I usually pass by the performance stage the acts are usually dated and well ... boring.  Her voice reminded me of a young Nina Simone, mixed with a little India Airie and just to throw in a bit of mystery a hint of Billie Holliday.  Her sound brings you to a place of conscience coolness as you sit back and just vibe with the young songstress.  In time I am sure we will hear great things from her. Mosaic Foundation brought the island sun to a chilly Rochester.  Hearing them brought you to the sunny shores of Jamaica.  Without that annoying lady trying to give you them Bo Derek braids.  I had more fun watching the audience dance along with each song. The food was good, great at times.  Really enjoyed all the varieties of fried things... who knew you could fry a snicker bar....NO I did not try it.  Sometimes you don't have to be hit by a car to know it's made of metal.  I do have one question for the 300 people waiting in line for "kettle corn" however.  Umm.. you know they make that for your microwave right?  And what do they put in that to make you want to stand in an epic length line to wait?  Really you can tell me because I really need to know. Enjoy.
I can't help but come here year after year. I love that they have a beer tent. I did NOT love that you can no longer bring your dogs here :( I understand about the food and everything but we drove all the way there to be told pets aren't allowed. They have security there also checking everyone's bags. Is crime bad at the lilac festival? Who knew?! I brought all my kids after driving poor little Sami home (the dog). They had a blast. "Rides" weren't that expensive. The wait time for food is atrocious, but that is to be expected. My boyfriend bought me a wonderful lilac lotion for mother's day. I use it all the time! So worth it! Would really like to see some more local vendors. I have to agree, it has become VERY commercialized. It's sad. Need more of the authentic rochester vibe for sure.
Lilac festival is just ok for me. I like seeing the lilacs but the music groups are usually older and sub par. The food is festival food and over priced. Also the walkways around the festival food are too narrow and packed.   The festival attracts all kinds of people and has generated some fights and arrests in the past.
Sorry kids... Not about the flowers anymore ... Not even about good food seeing as they had truck after truck of "anything fried".       I was  very disappointed .... The crowd was  downright scary... Trying not to pass judgement .. But really?  Pull your pants up boys... And girls? If you're  looking for any type of respect , you need to wear some clothes that fit!  The language I was hearing was horrible.    My family and I had to leave... It didn't help that their was some  dude on the floor getting arrested.   Scary situation
The Lilac Festival attracts lilac lovers from around the world and artisans from across the country.  But for those of us who live in Rochester, it celebrates the beginning of summer, and the beginning of the glorious Rochester festival season! Highland Park is home to the world's largest collection of lilacs (including several varieties that were bred here), and the festival takes place, with any luck, right when they are in full bloom.  [Feel free to disregard any reviews from 2012 poo-pooing these bushes; that year we had an extremely hot March followed by a cold April which turned all of the buds brown where they sat.]   If the weather cooperates, Saturday and Sunday are the best days, as many of the artisans are only in business on weekends.  The nightly free concerts are great all week long, but can be jam-packed depending on the band (lawn chairs and blankets are allowed, but often impractical.  Pro tip:  there's a small lawn to the right of the stage that's not part of the roped-off concert area -- this is much better for groups/families/those who want to sit down).  These concerts aren't super family-friendly -- be prepared for hippies and all the barefootedness and hashish that come along with them -- but there is a kids' stage that offers its own entertainment during the days.  There's also a kids' area with rides, of course.   If you're new to the Lilac Fest, I'd recommend spending about half the time at the festival (perusing the artisans and loading up on enough free samples to fix a five-course meal) and half exploring the beautiful park (which stretches far, far beyond the festival grounds themselves).   Parking is a problem.  I'd recommend being prepared to pay for parking or making use of the free shuttle service for MCC.  Or if we're pals, give me a ring and I'll let you park in my driveway. The very best part of the Lilac Festival is people-watching.  Many local legends make appearances (I'm not talking news anchors; I'm talking "that guy at the Lilac Fest who ... ").  It is the only festival to which everyone, and I mean EVERYone, comes.  Other festivals attract crowds of yuppies, or hippies, or whatnot, but the Lilac Festival is easily the most diverse.  It's almost as if the entire city is coming together to say, "Hello again, friends!  It's official -- we made it through another Rochester winter without imploding in a fit of overcast misery!"
This is a great festival.  Unfortunately most people don't venture past the small corner of the park were the festival stage and vendors are and this leaves a bad impression of the thing.   The Park is actually quite large and best flowers are out past the borders of this area.  If you head northeast there is a whole hill of plants and more to the southeast of the festival area.  I agree however that the festival is very long at 10 days.   Parking does suck as the local residents do like to park near their houses or apartments and try to keep people out of their reserved lots and driveways.  I suggest you park at MCC and use the bus service to the park.  We usually just walk as we live two miles away.
I used to live very close to Highland Park, and every year it was 10 days of hell, with closed streets, cars parked across the driveway, trash dropped on the lawn, and having to listen to lousy music blasted far too loud, enough to be heard inside the house, with closed windows. As with most local festivals, it started out as a good thing, a single Sunday festival held in Highland park, with no vendors permitted. But, now, it seems to exist solely for every manner of food purveyor, salesman, huckster and travelling carnie to make a few bucks off the event. Tour busses come to see the lilacs on the weekdays (when Highland ave. is open), and all they do is dive slowly once around the park, never stopping, then off they go to wherever the next stop is. Quite possibly the WORST part of this 10-day long vendor-fest is the placement of food vendors right in the lilac gardens. You try to actually SMELL the flowers, but all you can smell is animal fat burning on the grill. Oh, and the inebriated people at the beer tents really add a bit of crassness to an already low-brow affair. It seems that NOBODY actually cares about the lilacs. If you're lucky, the lilacs will be in full bloom the weekend BEFORE the festival starts, and that is the best time to see them. By monday, though, the first tents will be appearing, the electricians will be laying down wire, and the place will already be transforming into a circus. Thwe week AFTER the festival, there are still trampled lawn, broken lilac bushes and trash needing attention, so if you didn't see the flowers the week before, you've lost your chance. We finally had enough of this pandemonium, and moved away from the Highland Park area 5 years ago. I haven't been back to the festival since, and I don't miss it one bit.
I smelled more fried food than lilacs. This was my first time, but I would like to think that it was particularly a bad year...(but who knows?).. Very small park, lots of vendors that are completely unrelated to lilac. Parking is inconveninet - the local residents, I think, are totally annoyed by this festival..and trust me..they are not so hospitable..and post signs of "NO PARKING" It is so sad that there is no charm in this festival what so ever... I think Rochester could use some exciting festivals or events to revive the community. Fellow yelpers, if you skip the lilac festival..you won't be missing much.
Not really what I was expecting! I found it to be a bit too focused on vendors/commercialism and less so on lilacs, lol! Way too crowded for my liking...tThe Park itself is very nice ;)
While I love Highland Park and the arboretum, I could really do without attending the festival and all of the gimmicky stuff the vendors are selling there.  At least it brings in $$ to the local economy.  Otherwise, I avoid and the neighborhood like the plague!
Free music, fantastic flowers. I love a festival that centers around a park, nature or art. I like to grab take out and have a bit of a picnic. If you like festival food there are plenty of options.
The Lilac Festival is kind of the kick off of festival season for the Rochester area, and we do love our festivals. The timing is always a bit tough because they won't know for sure when the lilac's will bloom early enough to plan the festival around it, so they just make it their best guess and usually do pretty well. They are a number of lives shows and plenty of grass to enjoy the music on. They have a variety of local vendors there, I had a great chicken gyro this year!  You can walk up to the reservoir and down to the conservatory. If you have never been in it I suggest you check it out, it's only $3 and it's kind of cool to roam around in.
If you are in Rochester and have never been to the Lilac Festival...GO! The flowers are beautiful and have such an aroma to them its heavenly.
Oh the Lilac Festival is another festival that I adore in the Rochester area. It features the most beautiful lilac bushes and is celebrated with great arts such as art/craft stands, live entertainment and food stands. I used to love coming here, sitting on the grass, pigging out and watching the live music. Then walking around and visiting the arts. Lots of families and people from all over come to this, definitely a Rochester staple!
The Lilac Festival in Highland Park is a wonderful Spring tradition in Rochester.  The park, the flowers, the music, and food are all wonderful!!
The Monroe County Lilac Festival at Highland Park is one of Rochester's largest treasures and one of the biggest highlights of the year in the area. Basically Highland Park (155 acres) has well over a thousand lilac bushes (about 1200 to be exact) of hundreds of varieties that all bloom around the same time (in early May) and ever since 1898 there has been a festival in the park to appreciate the beauty and fragrance of these plants. This makes it the oldest festival of it's kind in North America and brings nearly half a million people in from all over each year. The Highland Park Arboretum (or tree garden) is one of the first in the country and offers free tours of the grounds as well. If walking around admiring lilac bushes isn't your thing don't worry it's just as much about the food stands, the music performances, the magic shows for the kids, and just a beautiful (and free) day at the park admiring one of the reasons Rochester has become known as "The Flower City"
