Now living in So. Cal. when I return to Cap. Dist. I celebrate the really wonderful and diverse food available.  I like the Albany Delaware Ave. corridor, as well as Central (lower) Ave.  Went with friends, just wonderful!  Lamb, chicken, dates, perfect spicing and preparation. Schenectady has it's share of restaurant treasures, this stands head and shoulders above others!
Sumptuous. Pretty. Friendly. Upbeat. Call ahead and reserve!!
The food is delicious and the preparation is excellent! I got a vegetarian spinach dish and it was very, very tasty. It didn't have a greasy after taste and it went down easy. Mix in the rice and it's perfect! The service was decent but I was surprised that they couldn't give me hot water and lemon. Really? You should be able to warm up water in a pot, a pan, or a kettle and give me a slice of lemon. The tea that was served had way too much sweetener in it. The seating was cramped and it detracted from the experience. I wish there was more room to relax. I'd come here again, easily, especially if I could come earlier before the crowds gather.
The owners have a passion for food and it shows. Every dish that I've had here is delicious. They're very conscientious about preparing gluten-free versions of their dishes when requested. My absolute favorite is the Chicken Tagine with Spicy Date Sauce and Artichoke Hearts.
What a fantastic dinner and a hidden schenectady gem. We had the potato cakes and the eggplant dip, both fantastic. And I had a marvelous eggplant/honey/prune tarjine. One of the best meals I've had in a long time, and I hope to return soon. Hoping for success and happiness to the wonderful owners.
We were working across the street.  For 3 hours we smelled awsome smells that made us powerfully hungery.   After we finished we went to Tara Kitchen for dinner.   I had the chicken in apricot prune sauce.   Was very very good.  Service was also personable and good.   Suggest you make a reservation if you are going.
Went on the recommendation of a family friend. Small cozy restaurant that serves amazing flavorful Moroccan food. Host and servers were gracious. Highlights were the spinach tagine, grilled shrimp with harissa sauce, and lamb tangia. The baklava was a disappoint but it didn't ruin an otherwise great experience. Wish I was in town longer so I could go back and try more dishes.
The food was excellent. Cooked to perfection. Problem was that dinner was much too expensive for what we had. $135 for 4 people in a restaurant that doubles as a family home and is very cramped. We were charged a mandatory gratuity for a fifth person even though it was a three year-old who ate only a few bites of pita. Also, the service was rather poor. We were running a bit late and when we hadn't placed an order straightaway, we were told that we needed to hurry up and eat before another reservation was due for the table. Yet, there was no line of people waiting when we left. We had to constantly ask for basic things, like enough silverware, water, and additional pita. The portions were very modest. No disabled access for restrooms. Oh, and they won't split a bill, which meant one of us had to put it all on a credit card and forced the others to go and search for an ATM. What a silly rule.
I realized that I had given Tara Kitchen only 4 stars, and it has seriously become my favorite restaurant in Schenectady, so it needs 5 stars!  My go-to lunch suggestion is the soup and the green olive and lemon pizza.  Just the right price point, and so filling!
Absolutely amazing! I had the potato patties with mixed vegetables to start and they were perfectly seasoned and fantastic. Followed that up with the fish with green olives and preserved lemons and the fish with spicy harissa and tomato sauce.  The harissa was spicy but not overwhelmingly hot; it was just right. And, the preserved lemons are exactly how they describe them on the menu as providing an extreme depth of flavor. And don't forget to get the tea! Best tea you will ever have I promise. All in all this place is amazing. Just show up during business hours (5-8 pm...the chef has young children she needs to care for; therefore, she closes early) and let the chef cook something she recommends, you will not be disappointed. Everything is fresh and superb. Lastly, if you care for dessert, I would recommend the baklava.  They serve it warm and it is one of the best I have eaten.
Best restaurant in Downtown Schenectady. Great prices, friendly service in an intimate setting. Open kitchen, wines and new back deck. Love the lamb meatballs and fish app. Simmer Sauces now available at Niskayuna Co-Op and Whole Foods Colonie. Family owned and use locally sourced produce. Spiced to taste.
Food was unbelievable. The interiors can be improved, but excellent service and friendly staff.
I went to Tara to get something different and what I got was amazing. The Grill ground lamb kabobs had the perfect heat I love. The kind of heat that hits the tongue but does not make you break into a sweat. Very friendly atmosphere. I wish ordered some to go because writing this review is making me hungry again. I will be back.
Delicious! I had the eggplant, roasted garlic and tomato dip, the potato patties with veg, and the ground chicken kababs with pomegranate. Every dish was super delicious and well made. I'm glad I chose to come here during my stopover on the train.
Anyone who has ever been to Tara's will need to go back! And you can take her sauces home.  While of course, I don't cook as well as Tara, I can pretend with her sauce.
What a gem! This place is amazing, like we were invited to their family kitchen. Food was fresh and served right off the open flame in a Tajine, the dish it was cooked in, which kept the flavors strong and the dish warm as you ate. Service was friendly and courteous. We were driving across country and just happened to get there before the dinner rush. Make reservations if you're a local.
Delicious food. Owners are friendly and happy! A real gem in Schenectady.
Crosby, Hope, and Lamour may not have stopped here on their Road to Morocco, but I'm sure they would have enjoyed the food if they had.  Our lunch trio of Arabian knights planned to meet here and introduce our palates to the flavors and spices of this North African country. The small narrow front of the restaurant has a low counter with stools on the left, and small duce tables to the right.  A few steps at the rear lead up to a raised dining area with maybe six four-tops.  A doorway exiting this dining area leads to what could be a planned outdoor deck for future good weather dining. While I waited on one of the stools for my dining companions to arrive, the chef suggested to the waitress that I be given some tea.  A very small glass was provided with a blend of green tea, mint and honey.  It was not too sweet and the perfect beverage after a cool, drizzling, and damp walk from Proctor's. Between the three of us, from the lunch menu we ordered Spicy Harrisa and Pita Bread ($3) and Potato Patties with Mixed Vegetables ($3) as appetizers.  For entrees we had Grilled Ground Lamb Kabob ($10), Ground Lamb Meatballs in tomato sauce with a poached egg ($10), and a Pita Pizza with spinach, preserved lemons, and green olives ($6). The harrisa had just the right amount of spiciness for us with its red roasted peppers, garlic, coriander, and olive oil. The pita that accompanied it was freshly grilled and quartered for dipping.  An excellent start to our meals. The potato patties were loosely formed (unlike those pictured by George L.) with corn and carrots and fried on one side.  Another nice meal starter, but since our two lamb dishes also had potatoes we probably should have tried something different. Since we tried each other's entree, I would have to say it would be difficult for me to choose a favorite.  There was a noticeable difference between the lamb in the kabob and the lamb meatballs.  The meatballs contained a binder making them less dense than the grilled kabob, but both had wonderful flavor and I'd be happy to order either one on another visit.  Both of these dishes were served with a rice pilaf and the potatoes already mentioned.  The tomato sauce and poached egg with the meatballs, however, added a total additional dimension of taste, texture and flavor. The pita pizza is obviously the size of your basic pita bread.  While I enjoyed the combination of spinach, lemon and green olives, it probably should be considered more as an appetizer than as an entree unless you are a light eater. Service was excellent.  Not having experienced Moroccan food before we had lots of questions.  Our server was able to answer many and sought out the answers to the ones that she was not familiar with.  She also kept our tea glasses filled and checked on us to see that everything was ok. They do have a beer and wine license but we didn't try either.
Those who think Cap Districters are not ready for new and different tastes should get to Tara Kitchen, stat. The Moroccan menu is unlike anything I've experienced, yet instantly welcome and comforting. It's also very different from other "Middle Eastern" food (not surprising, since Morocco's closest culinary neighbor is Spain). We started with pita served with harissa--a must. It's made in house and is just spicy enough, and the portion is sufficiently ample to save for other dishes. We also had one of their Tikka rolls (which they say are Indian, not Moroccan) which was a little dosa wrapped around cinnamon-flavored ground chicken and brought to the table in a winsome wax paper sandwich envelope like you'd use in a kid's lunchbox. Also had the potato app, mashed with peas and carrots--simple comfort food. Our mains were the lamb kebab, lamb meatballs and a pita pizza with spinach, green olives and preserved lemons. The pizza was my favorite for the mix of savory and bitter flavors, but all were fine; the lamb meatballs are served with a fried egg and the owner told us at dinner, you can order that dish as a tagine and it will be brought to you in a pot with the eggs cooking on top. Accompaniments were pilaf and more potatoes, nothing special. Since you have to go through the long kitchen/bar by the entrance to get to the small dining area, it is impossible to avoid interacting with the wonderful, friendly family that owns this place. So happy they are successful. Thanks also to our helpful waitress, who said it was just her third day but already knows the menu well and was not afraid to get answers to our offbeat questions.
Wow!!! just amazing flavor and taste. no complains!!! they were out of eggplant today, so we couldn't get one of the appetizers that was on the menu that requires eggplants. And that usually means they get their groceries fresh every day! and definitely no complaints from that. i got the ground lamb kebab. It was delicious. We had a talked to the owner (im assuming) on our way out, and he explained that their dinner (in summary) has a little bit of everything Moroccan on a plate. Their tea is very nice and sweet in aroma. I might even give it a try myself making their tea. I would def. go back again. the place is small, so if you have a big group going, be sure to make reservations. Friendly staff, good people!
What a nice little surprise, the food is creative, tasty, comes in large portions and is very cheap. I strongly recommend.
They are so friendly in here. I can appreciate the flavors used in the food and can almost call it good but it's missing richness. For example the ground lamb meatballs had a very good flavor however, they were very dry :( The rice I was served was hard-ish and I liked the potato eggplant mix but it wasn't anything to run back to. I also purchased the green olive and lemon simmer sauce and made it over chicken according to directions. It was good. Better the next day but nothing out of this world as suggested in the reviews IMO.   Richness and depth to the floating flavors was missing. Very pricey.
My favorite restaurant in Schenectady, NY. Everything I have tried so far has been very good: the fish, the eggplant dip, most of the vegetarian tagines. And I heard good things about dishes with lamb although I haven't tried them myself. If you order any of the tagines, be patient, they take a while to cook and... to cool down before you can eat them! Oh, and try the Harissa, I think they add some honey to it, so, it's a very nice hot/sweet combination. The owners are very friendly.
OK, I can finally strike out this place from list of places to eat. I Thought this would be a Moroccan affair but i was greatly disappointed. This is owned, managed, served, cooked and looked after by a Indian couple. The service is not prompt. Ambiance is bad. Food is a little expensive for the quantity. I am an Indian myself and eat Native food all day. So i felt their dishes tasted somewhat Indian than Moroccan. Overall try your luck and you might like it.
One of the best food in this area. Spicy and flavorful rather than only chilies. Also the bread is very good. Need to go if you are in this area. Also please make reservation as the place is small and always full.
We've resisted reviewing Tara kitchen for fear of attracting even more business to it, but we are submitting to the fact that the secret is out. Tara is a hole in the wall in downtown Schenectady, unusually for the town open Sunday evenings, and has considerable charm and accomplished cuisine. It is cramped, to be sure, and with its popularity it's now harder to find a table on weekend nights and sometimes on weekdays; you would do best to make a reservation as a first timer to ensure you'll get in. Note: they have a counter/bar at which you can sit and order food, and it's not bad for a party of two. Service is attentive and super friendly, as one should expect from any kind of North African restaurant, and the kitchen service is prompt but not suspiciously so. They have primarily a menu of kebabs and tagines, and we've tried about half of them now. Of special note: the lamb kebab with garlic, honey, and harissa; lamb tagine with tomato, artichokes, and lentils (my favorite, very savory); the lamb tagine with almonds and dates and olives (very authentic); and the chicken tagine with lemons and harissa. The tagines are amazing, they come out in hot bubbling plates. They have a number of standard appetizers, including nice spiced potato patties and ground meat kebabs, but the can't miss is their eggplant dip (with home made pita bread). They serve refreshing mint green tea to cleanse your palate, and they have an agreeable little selection of sweeter Moroccan wines (10-12), whose names I keep forgetting to write down. Very small selection of beer, but including one Moroccan beer. They also have a tiny grocery section wherein you can buy harissa, preserved lemons, ras al hanout, etc. if you want to give the cuisine a stab at home. Everything's available for takeout. Prices are moderate to mildly expensive, desserts and appetizers $3-$4, plates from $7 to $21. You'll almost certainly get away under $20 a head without wine. All in all, I'd go so far as to call it the best restaurant in Schenectady and certainly one of the best in the CRUST (Capital Region of UpState new york).
I would like to give 4 1/2 stars.  I challenge anyone to find a better Moroccan restaurant in the Capital District.  When will Yelp allow those 1/2 stars?  They are the only Moroccan restaurant in the Capital District that I know about.  There was an even smaller one on Central Ave in Albany a few years ago, but it did not last too long.  For those of you that have been to Tara Kitchen I know you are asking yourselves "there was a smaller restaurant?"  Yes, there was.  One of the reason I would like to give 4 1/2 stars instead of 5 is that the dinning area is so tight in Tara Kitchen.  However, I must state that they do have outdoor dinning in the warmer weather.  I have eaten out on the deck and it is very nice.  The food is very good.  They have vegan options for those of you that care.  The owners are very friendly people and very appreciative of your business.  I do not eat out in Schenectady that often, but when I do, it is usually Tara Kitchen that I go to.  Everyone I have been here with has loved the food.
Let me say, typically if I write a post it's because I had an extremely amazing experience or an awful one. Let's just say this has been the best good I've had nice I've been  in the Capitol and Saratoga region! The food is prepared fresh right before you(if seated inside) and served in the Moroccan dishes w all it's herbs and spices. Sat outside on the patio and it was just an amazing experience. Staff was friendly from the door till the time we left. Highly recommend to put this place on your to do list if anywhere near the area.
The food was excellent. Everything had sooo much flavor. My only hangup was that they refused to run two credit cards to pay the bill. I still can't understand. This has NEVER happened to me!  We did not ask for separate checks, only to run two cards as I never carry that kind of cash on me. This really really bothered me!
If you scroll through these reviews, you'll notice that all the complaints are non-food related.  Most people complain about the service (which is not bad at all) and the atmosphere (which is cramped, but certainly does not detract from the food).  This place is AMAZING.  It is by far the best restaurant in Schenectady (which is not saying much) and is my personal favorite restaurant in the entire Capital Region.  Everything is fresh, cooked in a personal tagine to order, and the owners are extremely friendly and helpful for those who are unfamiliar with Moroccan cuisine.  They even make/package/sell their own sauces in house.  I cannot say enough good things about this place.
Oh my, the food here is amazing. Since I'm fairly unfamiliar with Schenectady I got lost, drove around, drove past the restaurant twice before finding a lot to park in. If you don't know the city very well you need to memorize the directions before you go or have a really good navigator in the front seat, because eating here is worth the gas. As you walk in there's a few tables for two, plus a counter that overlooks all the action going on at the stove.  A couple of steps up there's 4 or 5 tables for 4.  I went with my parents and it's a good thing we had a reservation because the place filled up quick.   We started with the eggplant, roasted garlic and tomato dip and the spice harissa. The eggplant spread was delicious, the pita fresh, but the standout for me was the harissa which is a chile pepper, tomato and spice dip. It was spicy but incredibly flavorful. For entrees we had the shrimp kebab with couscous and vegetables, the chicken with preserved lemons and the chicken with lentils, almonds and dates. It was all outstanding. I think my chicken and preserved lemons was even better the next day.   The wines are all from morocco and while the first one I had, Guerrouane 11 Blanc, was way too dry for me, the Ouled Thaleb was perfect. They also have a small list of bottled beer. The service was good, not great, but good.  The plastic water glasses should be replaced with glass but other than that I have nothing to complain about. On the way out I spoke with Aneesa, the owner and chef, who was wonderful and picked up a jar of harissa for home.
I like a good steak and baked potato or pasta dish just as much as the next guy. But I also like something a little different once in a while. Indian food is old hat. Thai, yesterday's news. Sushi? There's a sushi joint on every corner. Moroccan food in the Capital District? Yeah, different. The food at Tara Kitchen is wonderful. Some might say amazing even. I'm drooling just thinking of the yummy sweet and spicy lamb dish I had there. It's also reasonably priced and the service is excellent. The restaurant is small and cozy, with an open kitchen. Do yourself a favor and get over to Tara Kitchen as soon as you can.
This was one of the most well-spiced and balanced meals I have ever had! I'm really sad that this is nowhere near where I live. I would be here all the time!!! If you like Indian, you've got to give Moroccan a try! We started with the harrisa and the eggplant, roasted garlic and tomato dip. Both came with pita for dipping and both were delicious! The boneless lamb with honey prunes and apricots was a flavor explosion and came in a piping hot tagine. But what surprised me was the chicken with preserved lemon and green olive. It takes them MONTHS to preserve the lemons for this dish and it gives it such an amazing depth of flavor. You HAVE to try it. The tea was really good, too, but I never got a refill. The owner was very helpful in describing the dishes and gave us extra pita when we ran out. Very attentive. It's a small place, so make a reservation.
I was torn between 4 and 5 stars.  I love this place but the service is always a little bit shaky.  I don't mind waiting a little longer for a refill but I'm sure that for others it will definitely be a turn off.  We have enjoyed everything we've ordered off the menu.  My favorite is the lamb with almonds,  honey, prunes, apricots and harissa.  We love the harissa so much we bought a jar to take home.
This is a great restaurant with amazing offerings and flavors. After going there for the first time tonight, we will definitely plan on coming back. The menu offers enough variations that I expect it will be a while before I settle on a favorite! As good as the food was, the atmosphere inside, between decor and open kitchen plan and the owners' friendly and warm service completely makes you feel completely at home. I can't wait to go back!
Why are you still reading Yelp reviews and not eating at Tara kitchen!? I'm not usually so hyperbolic, but this place is unbelievable. Seriously one of my favorite restaurants anywhere in the world and paradise for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. Service is welcoming and detailed and the small restaurant is cozy. Lunch is a deal with very affordable prices, but get there early to avoid the rush. Or just get takeout!
A local gem! From The appetizers, to the mint tea, the superb and attentive service, and the exquisite food, there is nothing lacking in this fantastic restaurant. The owners are genuinely friendly and the food reflects their attention to detail. Highly recommend the potato cutlet appetizer, and any of the vegetarian dishes. We tried four, and all were excellent. There is also an excellent and reasonably priced wine list of Moroccan wines. We had the Syrah and loved it
I decided to try out Tara Kitchen at the recommendation of my friend because I work in the area. I ordered the boneless chicken grilled with apricot and prune marinade lunch special that came with rice pilaf and the veggie of the day for $8. I thought it was a decent price for the area and for an ethnic food option and waited with anticipation for my quoted 15-20 minutes of time to elapse before I could try the food I heard was to die for. When I walked through the door, I was surprised by the dark lighting and the squealing and loud children. I'm not sure if it is like that everyday, or if the owners just couldn't find a sitter for the day, but their two children were running through the restaurant and yelling and were quite loud. I actually really love kids, don't get me wrong, and it didn't effect me, because I was just stopping by to pickup my food to take out, but I could imagine it taking away from the experience for sit in diners. I stood at the bar for a full 10 minutes while the wife busily cooked away and her husband stood in front of me, on his phone ignoring me. When I mangaged to make eye contact with her, she called out to her husband to attend to me, and he turned to me with the biggest smile that made the standing there seem to disappear. To be fair, the couple seem to be very nice people and just a bit understaffed. I paid, tipped and left, eager to try out the food. I was extremely disappointed to open my bag and find that every piece of chicken provided to me was burnt. Not a little bit of charring, but literally burnt all over and black. I don't understand how someone serving food could feel right about serving terribly burnt food instead of thinking they should throw it away and to cook a new batch of food for the order to be sent out. As it was my first time trying out Tara Kitchen, I will be sure never to go back and I can only suggest to others to steer clear of this place for their lack of attention and care in cooking and their obvious lack of caring about the quality of their food. I have submitted a photo of the burnt food to the page so you can see for yourselves that I am not overreacting. That is a picture I took when I first opened my container and did not touch anything yet. Sorry that it is so blurry. Save your health and your money and eat elsewhere! Avoid this place at all costs!
We stumbled onto this place when doing a Yelp search from the road while traveling back to our home in Brooklyn. Amazing amazing amazing, even by New York City standards. There is a reason this place gets so many good reviews. We had the harisa, some grilled fish and the lamb meatballs. All were incredible. We also bought a jar of the harisa to take home. I wish this place were closer to where I live! The owners are also really nice and create a convivial atmosphere.
Excellent in all respects.  Service was great, and food was phenomenal.  Tried a bunch of apps and entrees.  There is not a lot of seating available.  Call ahead for reservations for parties of 4 or more. I've now been back numerous time, and this has become a favorite restaurant.
We stumbled onto this place when doing a Yelp search from the road while traveling back to our home in Brooklyn. Amazing amazing amazing, even by New York City standards. There is a reason this place gets so many good reviews. We had the harisa, some grilled fish and the lamb meatballs. All were incredible. We also bought a jar of the harisa to take home. I wish this place were closer to where I live! The owners are also really nice and create a convivial atmosphere.
So I've forgotten to update my review. A STUNNING OVERSIGHT ON MY PART because Tara Kitchen truly deserves five stars. I've gone twice more, and if it was at all feasible, I would be here every week eating their whole menu.  The eggplant, tomato, garlic dip appetizer might just be the appetizer to my Ultimate Dream Meal. But everything here is awesome. The preserved lemons, the olives, the spicy dates... Come on, these flavors just explode. You have to love it. And now they're jarring and selling some of their specialties and signature ingredients? These people are so good, it's not even fair. I am prepared for the Tara Kitchen world takeover.
Yummy so far
I've been back several times since my initial review and have tried quite a few things on the menu, all of which were delicious. One of my favorite discoveries was their chicken kabob with apricots and prunes. They also do the same thing with lamb in a tajine, but because I'm an Aries I try to avoid eating lamb (lol), so they made it for me with chicken, apricots, & prunes, and it's now my favorite dish in the whole place! I even learned how to make it myself during their monthly Moroccan cooking lessons. Which I also highly recommend you check out because the process is simple but the results are fantastic. And while I don't have an open flame stove at home to cook with tajines, I was able to simulate the process on an electric stove using a good saucepan, and it just took a bit longer to cook. But the results were just as tasty. I should note that Tara Kitchen has also started selling spices and some of their jarred products. I picked up their Moroccan spice mix and it's absolutely amazing to cook with!
I went here with a friend recently, and it was magical!  We had the eggplant and tomato dip (divine), grilled shrimp with spicy harissa sauce (very spicy), and the lamb meatballs. We then split a tagine of chicken with eggplant. I really enjoyed the unique blend of spices, and the slightly sweet tinge to of all of the sauces. I've never had food quite like this, and I cannot wait to go back. We sat at the bar and met the chef, her husband, and her two beautiful brown-eyed children, and had a front row seat to the kitchen. Two members of their staff ((plus a babysitter) hadn't shown up for their shifts, but everyone was so calm and confident, and the atmosphere so welcoming and unassuming, that we felt right at home immediately. Also, all tables were booked on a Saturday, so we had to sit at the bar, which was great but filled up quickly, so if you want to make sure you get in, be sure to call ahead to make reservations!
Summary- Small cute and tight space has pretty darn awesome Moroccan food but needs to work on it's service. I believe they just got their liquor license as well, they may still be doing BYOB, I'd call and check. Food- 5 Stars eggplant, roasted garlic and tomato dip- Awesome, we could have just eaten this all night potato patties with mixed vegetables very good eggplant with prunes, honey and chickpeas tagine- Awesome, pure awesome. lamb with spinach and baby onions tagine- Same as above. There may be a theme here. Service- 2 Stars Friendly, but the help (younger woman) was not a good waitress at all. She lacked the vision and multitasking abilities that a good waitress would have. Unfortunately, because it's such a small space, when busy the relative quality of service will hinge entirely on this person, and she wasn't up to the task. We waited for tea, for water, and for setups. Once we got further along the service was better because the place had partially cleared out and the owner was able to devote more time to service. Drinks- 3.5 Stars As noted above, BYOB for now I believe. Tea, when we could get it, was awesome. Real glasses for water probably wouldn't sink the ship, I hate plastic water glasses. Value- 4 Stars Lots of awesome food for the $. Atmosphere- 3.5 Stars Small, tight, relatively well decorated. The kitchen is literally right in the front part, so if you are a table of 2 or sit at the little bar area you can watch the prep.
We love this place! Tara is small so be sure to make a reservation but the food is out of this world. We have only lived in Schenectady for 3 months now and have already been to Tara more than 4 times.
we read the reviews and it is everything that is already written and more. the lemon, green olive and chicken is unbeliveable. all four of us sampled each others dish and each one was completely unique from the other and the orgasm your taste buds experience will bring you back.  Thank you all for your reviews because that is why we went and I am happy to say that this evenings dinner surpassed anything else available in Schenectady county.. go there tonight.
Came to Tara for a quick weekday lunch at the counter.   I'd never had Moroccan food before, but it sort of reminded me the late, great Kabul Night (Afghan).  If you're a fan of spicy food, you won't be disappointed.  The kati rolls had some heat.  There are plenty of options for the wimps (myself included).  The harira soup was outstanding and had lots of non-spicy flavor. I'll definitely be back for dinner so I can check out the dining room in back!
at first I avoided this place because it looked like it only has two tables, and they were full. today, seeing one of those tables open, i stopped in, and i'm glad i did. I found a family run business that was started from the ground up.  the proprietors lived in morocco for several years and felt the need to bring that tatste to the capital region. the drink menu is limited.  i had water and moroccan tea.  the spicy shrimp were a pleasing appetizer, and the moroccan meatballs with egg were amazing.  portions were considerable and the price was reasonable. i highly recommend visiting this little shop for a culinary treat.
a small, wonderful place with fantastic Moroccan food and great, friendly service -- the prices are spot on..reservations should be made on the weekends but no required.  So fantastic, a welcome and wonderful addition to Schenectady and the Cap Region dining scene 2 apps, 2 wonderful veg meals, tea was $35, you can't beat that
Family style cozy restaurant. More like a nook than a restaurant. Very small. We had a table by the door. It was freezing every time the door opened. Staff very friendly. Huge selection of wine. Only two choices of beer. Food was tasty but not worth a second visit.
I have not enjoyed a meal this much in a long time. We walked in and the owner greeted us with a warm smile. The place is small and inviting and we were surrounded by regulars who gave us wonderful suggestions. I had the lamb and it was out of this world -- I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu. Oh, and the tea they serve when you sit down is very good too. I can't say enough about Tara Kitchen.
"There's Moroccan in downtown Schenectady?" There certainly is! I split the eggplant, tomato, garlic dip, which came with hot pita bread; it was delicious. Two tagines came steaming to our table, I had the chicken with nigella seeds, black olives and potatoes. The chicken was fall off the bone tender, and the sauce went great with the additional pita that came with it.  Be sure to set aside enough time though, an appetizer and dinner took an hour and a half. It felt like they could use another server or two, as the two working seemed to be pulled in too many directions. They should be commended for staying friendly and helpful under the pressure of a full dining room - stop in and try it.
One of my favorite places. Delicious, authentic food and owned by a friendly family who seem to love what they do! I only wish I lived closer so I could go more often.
Tara Kitchen Server:  Owners Table: 2 Guests I saw that this place opened up awhile back and had no idea what it was about until another day I was walking to the Downtown Jay St Schenectady area and found that it served Moroccan food. Being curious of cuisines I decided that I should stop in there one day. The following are out of 5 Points. * (5) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. The owners were very nice in seating us right away and even explaining certain parts of the menu to us newbies. * (5) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. When you first walk in, reminds you of an ice cream shop with the bar stools, but don't let that fool you especially with the wall of Moroccan wine that's imported. There are also shelves of tangines used for cooking. * (4) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks We went with a Moroccan White Wine which was very smooth. Appetizer was an eggplant, tomato based dip with fresh baked pita bread. If you've never had fresh baked pita bread, it's delicious. Entrée I went with the chicken with lemon preserves tangine. They bring this dish to you in the tangine and unveil the food to you as they set it down on the table. You can see that the liquid is still bubbling, but don't let that fool you into thinking that you have to wait 20 minutes for it to cool down. The chicken does have bones in it so please take your time and pull the meat off the chicken bones. This dish also comes with the fresh made pita and rice. For dessert I went with their baklava, which was so delicious with the nut filling. * (5) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) The price you pay for what you get is pretty reasonable. I didn't leave with any leftovers, but that could be because I was famished from working out at the gym prior. You do get a lot of food in general. *  (5) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. Food presentation was excellent. Overall Score: 24/25
Tara Kitchen is an unassuming Moroccan place that is pretty damn good. The food was made as I ordered it and was extremely flavorful. In fact, the lamb/apricot/prune dish that I had was almost too busy for my palate -- but I still ate the whole thing and the portion seemed quite large. I also had the eggplant dip to start, which was good but nothing out of this world. The waitstaff and cook were very friendly and helpful (as someone who rarely eats Moroccan I was unsure on what I should get). They also serve a great mint tea. In addition, they sell some Moroccan stuff to take home -- I think harissa olives and some other things that looked mighty tasty. The place is pretty small and I noticed that everyone coming in had reservations, so it might be a good idea to call ahead if you have a party of four or more. But, if you are just stopping in town and have a layover at the train station, this place is about one block away and worth the walk.
Great!  The service was good and the food was amazing!  Very Gluten Free friendly!  I got the lentil and dates and my partner got the spinach, potato and chickpea dinner.  One was enough food for two, portions were very big!  Just the right amount of spice, good balance.  Dinner was served with all the couscous and pita you want.  Oh yeah and endless green tea with mint and honey. So good!  Can't wait to return, one of my new favorites!
Fantastic service and fantastic flavors.  I will definetly go back!
This is by far the best restaurant in the Albany area. The food was flavorful and the service was amazing.  I have been back there many times and each dish has been amazing!
Amazing food, excellent and friendly service---exactly what you are hoping for in a family owned and run restaurant.  I wanted everything on the menu, but settled on the lamb kebab  honey, garlic and harissa glaze (which we wanted to buy by the bottle) and the spinach, lentil, artichoke tagine.  The portion sizes were generous, and if we had another appetizer (we shared the eggplant, roasted garlic, tomato dip with pita) we would have certainly had leftovers.  Instead we were very full, warm, and ready for Proctors.  Obviously we had the baklava even though we were stuffed, and it was warm and gooey and flaky and sweet, and everything it should be.  I was completely charmed by this place and can't wait to go back and try everything else.
The quality of the food sure hasn't changed since my initial review - it's still phenomenal! Although they ended up not hiring on a dedicated/experienced waitress for the busy periods, they're much more in-tune to the waiting side of the business having been operating for over a year now.  If you plan on bringing a group for dinner you might want to call ahead as seating is quite limited.
It's been a few months since my visit, but I still remember the delicious smells and food like I went last week.  take the staffs recommendations and enjoy the tea.
Never tried Moroccan food before and this was a nice surprise find in Schenectady. It's a small place with a few counter seats, a few small tables for 2 and four tables for 4 in an upper level just a few steps up. A rich spicy aroma greets you from the special ceramic cooking plates with chimney like covers on an industrial grade stainless gas stove behind the counter. The aroma would be akin to walking into a friend's house and the family matriarch is cooking her native comfort food with love and care. We started with an eggplant, garlic, onion dip with pita bread. Nice tomato based sauce reminding me of Indian spices. I ordered lamb meatballs with egg also in a tomato onion sauce and it was delicious. Hubby had chicken with lemon and green olives, and son had chicken kabob with honey and apricot sauce. A unique mix of flavors with a touch of spiciness perfect for a cold February night. Highly recommend if you are an adventurous diner open to rich and different flavors, similar to Indian and middle eastern.
Moroccan food has landed! We came in and we're greeted with a beautiful and cozy place. A bit small and a direct view into the kitchen. The owner's baby girl was playing on the floor. Very sweet. The food was awesome we started with a small plate of potato patties which my cousin and I devoured.  Our main course was cooked in tagines large clay dishes with a fluted cover to let out the steam. It smellsed awesome and arrrived bubbling at our table. I got the lamb, apricots and honey. Never have eaten lamb more tender or flavorful. i cleaned out my plate. My cousin got an eggplant and chickpea dish, which was just as good. The eggplant was there and tasty! I want everyone I know to go to there. It is so wonderful
Great atmosphere, personable service and absolutely fantastic lamb tagine.  I was passing through Schenectady and Tara Kitchen came highly recommended - I wasn't disappointed.  If someplace like this was in my town I'd undoubtedly become a regular.
Amazing food, great family owned place with character and very warm and welcoming. I recommend this place to everyone!
I went here one day with coworkers for lunch.  I wanted to see what all the hype was about, since they always raved about how amazing it was. Well, I got my answer--I was quite impressed!  We each ordered a dish and split it amongst the 3 of us, and there was more than plenty of food to go around.  I have never quite tasted anything quite like it, but I am now a fan of Moroccan food!  The owner is so sweet, too - she will come out and chat with you.  Definitely a must-visit for those who haven't tried yet!
Never really had Moroccan food before but I think this place may be a treasure. It is very small but the service was very personal and friendly and all agreed our meals were delicious.
Delicious, high quality AND reasonably priced. I come here about 30% of the time I eat out in Schenectady. Their tea with honey is really good as well.
A great addition to the Capital District dining scene. Great Moroccan fare in a family run setting. It can get slammed especially when Proctor's is having a popular musical. Come early for dinner. Started at the Downtown Green Market. Try it you'll love it! The flavor you've been missing.
Love this place! Great, fresh food served by friendly owners who make you feel at home.  Can't beat it or lunch!  Lunches are cheap, fresh and delicious. It transforms in the evening into a lovely date spot. The remodel looks great; opens up the back so you can see the new deck and pretty back garden.  Highly recommend.
Unbelievable! I went for lunch today with a friend and we split an assortment of things. All of the food was absolutely delicious, the service was wonderful and friendly, and I loved being able to see into the kitchen. The small dining room is cozy and made it feel like we were in someone's house. Great value as well, multiple appetizers, soup, 2 entrees and dessert for 2 came to only $35. I definitely recommend trying Tara kitchen!
Delicious food, beautiful interior and great prices! So glad someone finally got it right in Schenectady!
Just had a great dinner here with my wife. Potato pancake with veggies for our appetizer.  Then I had the Lamb meatball with egg Tajine and she had the Chicken with preserved lemon Tajine. Everything was fantastic!  Service was SO friendly, we almost didn't want to leave.
One of the best meals I have ever had. The small dining room makes you feel like you are eating in a friends home, in a far away land, with only 1 beautiful cook behind the stove. Every bite was nothing short of amazing. We started with the delicious potato patties which were simple and perferction. For our entree, we shared the eggplant, date, honey, and chickpea dish along with a plate the owner made up on the spot to compliment the eggplant with lentils, olives, lemon preserves and artichoke hearts. Without a doubt an incredible memorable meal that left me with the fullest stomach and the cleanest plate. I wish I could take her cooking classes that she offers once a month, but I was only passing through for the week. I bought a jar of their housemade ras-el-hanout seasoning that I cannot wait to botch when trying to somewhat recreate this spectacular meal. The complimentary tea is warms the soul, with its suble hints of honey. Bravo. 5 million stars!
We went for an early dinner on a Saturday night.  The place is tiny, but warm and welcoming.  Copper top tables and white linen napkins are appealing.  We ordered apps and dinner, and then sat amazed as the place filled up.  We had never thought to make a reservation, but they would have been necessary to sit upstairs in the small dining room.  The food was delicious.  We watched as the tangines began to fill the stovetop, and the smells were tantalizing.  Our apps arrived - spicy shrimp with cilantro, and eggplant dip with small slices of bread.  Then grilled fish with vegetable and couscous, nicely spiced; and a tangine of lamb, almond, prune and apricot, dramatic in presentation and delicious.  You do need to like spice.  I already know what I'll order the next time. A man who had ridden up on a bicycle came in and asked for a cup of coffee. They don't serve coffee, but offered him their hot mint tea and water as he sat at the counter.  As the place filled, they came back to him a few times to refill his glasses with more tea or water.  After an hour or so he asked for the check and was told no, no problem, the tea was free.
This restaurant excels in its category: a small, family restaurant that serves excellent ethnic food at a reasonable price, and meals that arrive at the table steaming hot. This point should be emphasized, as most restaurants in Schenectady (even the most expensive ones) seem incapable of bringing food to the table before it has cooled to room temperature. It is also worth noting that Schenectady is not exactly a mecca for ethnic food, so Moroccan dishes with vegetarian choices represent an exciting local option. Also worth celebrating: after a year of wrangling with the local bureaucracy, the restaurant has obtained a liquor license. So why not five stars? Tara Kitchen generally stops accepting orders at 8 PM, so they can close by 9 PM. Personally, I prefer to eat late. When they extend their hours to 11 PM, I'll add another star!
A little gem of a restaurant, absolutely delicious, charming backyard garden. My sister discovered it when we were visiting Schenectady for a wedding shower and brought me there the following night. Food was scrumptious, reasonably priced, the waitstaff and owners delightful and helpful. I would eat there once a week if I lived in Schenectady! A true find.
I finally checked out this little known gem in Schenectady and had the best dinner in some time.  Tara Kitchen is a small, family run, place that serves authentic Moroccan cuisine.  There's a small dining area up front with tables for two, and a small dining area in the back of the restaurant with a few tables that sit four each.  This is the only downside to the restaurant.  Upon sitting down, the owners of the restaurant took our order and gave all the diners at Tara Kitchen complimentary hot tea (and the tea has honey and mint), which was tasty.  The owners would come around and offer hot tea every so often.  My friends that I went with ordered lamb kebabs, while I ordered a chicken dish with mixed vegetables served in a tagine (or tajine), along with some couscous.  The tagine arrived piping hot, so after I let the tagine cool down, I dug in and ate the succulent chicken and vegetables cooked in spices.  This was some of the tastiest food I've had in quite a while.  I'd definitely come back.
Fabulous tagines and eggplant dip. Schenectady is lucky to have scored this place. Here's hoping it survives & grows (the dining room is tiny).
Hands down the best restaurant in the capital area. Tara Kitchen is amazing! The eggplant dip and potato cake appetizers are so incredible I could subsist on these alone for weeks and not complain. Every tagine we've tried has come to the table piping hot, bubbling away ferociously, encouraging you to dive right in face first! The chicken with preserved lemon and olives and the lamb with apricots are to die for. We went last night and the owner asked us if we had done anything nice for Valentine's Day. We told her that we had spent it at home and that we were making up for it that night at Tara Kitchen...we had assumed (and turns out, were correct) that they would be slammed on actual Valentine's day. She immediately scurried off and came back with a handful of red rose petals to scatter on our table to recreate the romance of two night prior for us. So thoughtful! Her husband usually handles table service, and is more than happy to recommend dishes suited to your liking. On our first visit, we explained to him all the wonderful things we had heard about their restaurant and how excited we were to finally be trying it out. When we ordered, he directed us towards other dishes he believed would be better suited for our first time there....and we are so glad we listened! The tea they served is so delicious, sweet and a nice addition to strong flavors of the dishes. Get the baklava for dessert...just do it. These two are doing a wonderful job and are always so kind...be sure to make a reservation! You will not be disappointed.
Very friendly atmosphere, familliy operated place. Everything is fresh cooked after your order. I enjoid my me
Fantastic food, wonderful flavors and the nicest owners!
I went today for lunch and it was amazing.  I had the harira soup with had just enough spice without being spicy. It was very filling without being heavy.  My husband had the broquette, but we both agree that the chicken kabob was the best plate.  It was seasoned perfectly and the meat was so tender.  I love that the Moroccan mint tea was free.  I can't wait to come back some night for dinner and try tangine.  This was the best meal I've had in a long while.
I've only been here twice for lunch, but I've already had the grilled fish, ground chicken kebab with pomegranate seeds, boneless chicken brochette, and a lamb kebab kati roll. I loved every single one. The flavors of the dishes were very unique, and I appreciate that they surprise you with a different "side dish/vegetable of the day" with your meal. I'll be here weekly.
Great food! Owners are very friendly. Eggplant with chickpeas and onions and prunes was delicious!
went here with friends, the food was delicious and the service was fantastic! definitely will come back!
