Thank God for La Mexicana. Let's be clear about one thing right off the bat. Not all of the food here is five star food. This is Schenectady, not San Francisco. But the fact that we can get tasty authentic $2 street tacos this far north, is nothing short of remarkable. Not all of their fillings are great. The grilled chicken and steak fall short. My favorite thing on the menu is that carnitas torta (which really needs to be ordered with extra jalapenos to help cut through all that delicious fat). But I'm perfectly happy making a light lunch out of three tacos. I'm partial to the lengua and chorizo in my soft corn tacos. It's topped with the traditional chopped onion and cilantro. There is no lettuce or tomatoes to be found on these babies. And that's just the way it should be. Steer clear of the savory tamales. The sweeter tamale elote is a bit better. Their massive tlayuda is fun to get once, if you have someone to share it with, but their are better things to get on your first time out. If you've never had horchata, the sweet rice and cinnamon drink, you should try it. The flavors go great with the food. And I also like their tres leches on those rare occasions when I can imagine eating dessert. A family of 10 could feast here for the price of a dinner for two at Mexican Radio. La Mex now even has a bar shoved into its minuscule dining room. Go there. Eat real Mexican food. Be happy. But if you're coming from the west coast, you probably should skip it. La Mex is great for here, but it would be closer to a 3* joint in the Mission (on the strength of that torta).
It's consistent and inexpensive. Must have items: -Tacos: 2.00. Carnitas, Chicken, Chorizo, Al Pastor, Steak and Lengua. It's topped with onions and cilantro. -Enchiladas: 10.99. Chicken or cheese and served with rice and beans.  The red sauce is flavorful and spicy. The portion is big, so make plans with your sweatpants and sofa. -Quesdilla: $7.99. Pick your desired meat and cheese. Lots of melted and slightly salty cheese. It's served with sour cream, salad and guacamole. -Be brave, try the lengua ( beef tongue). -Grab a Jarritos to savor later. The conchas (Mexican sweet breads) were tasty. However, try to get it earlier in the day. -Credit and Debit cards are accepted. There is a tip jar, try to bring cash so you can leave  them a nice one. -Takeout menu available. If you have that much willpower, or you can make the rest of your office jealous! -The bebidas frescas are refreshing. The horchata and Jamaica (hibiscus) are my favorites. -CHIPS AND SALSA! Also, the green and red hot sauce for your entrees. There is a bar for beer and drinks. Save room- DJ booth? I overhead one of the employees telling a customer that there will be music on Saturday nights!
Seriously amazing. Everything is fresh and extremely tasty. We ordered out for the first time and the food was ready for pick up in ten minutes. Has anyone ever heard of that?! We hadn't. Bombers is usually 30 minutes. Spent $20 for two adults and we were FULL.   I am only disappointed we waited this long to try it.
Wow. I've eaten at a number of Mexican restaurants in the Albany area and one in Saratoga, and the food at La Mexicana far surpasses any of them, hands down. Tried the frijoles, tacos, shrimp tostada, tamales, and al pastor and they are delicious. Everything is extremely fresh, you can tell everything is homemade, and if nothing else - the homemade and spicy salsa and chips just prepares you for how good the food is gonna be. If you don't need fancy and don't mind a clean, quiet, small space on the east end of Schenectady, GO HERE. You'll stop wondering where the best Mexican in the tri-city area is and be so glad you went. P.S. - the sangria is a bottled carbonated soda-like drink. Not alcoholic sangria wine.
I didn't think Schenectady or the capital region had Mexican food this good. Entered through the grocery store side of the building and sat myself in the restaurant. The server took my order quickly (3 tacos - one al pastor, one asada, one chorizo) and served me chips and salsa. The salsa tasted fresh and had a little kick. The food came out pretty quick and although I ordered three, the cook made a mistake and sent me 4 tacos, adding a second asada taco. I can live with mistakes like this :-) The tacos reminded me of being in Southern Cali or Southern TX. All of the meat had good distinct flavor, we're cooked properly, and each taco was garnished simply with onion, cilantro, and limes on the side. With the tacos being only $2/taco, you'll feel like a thief when the bill comes. The tacos alone at La Mexicana blow other well known establishments near Lark and the capital out of the water. La Mexicana Grocery is legit. I'll be sure to stop by anytime I'm near the capital region.
Beware the not so correct reviews!!!!  This restaurant uses everything frozen - frozen chicken, fires, steak, just everything. I am so sorry that I came to this place. Even Chipotle is 10 times better than this place because it has freshly prepared food
I moved here from Southern California and am really really glad I found this place.  It's the only place I've found in the area that serves Al Pastor.  Burritos are large for the price, and the Carnitas is top notch.  Highly recommended.
This place ain't no Taco Bell. I don't know enough about Mexican food to know if La Mexicana Grocery is truly authentic. But I do know this, it's sufficiently different (in a good way) from the typical crap that passes as Mexican food that it's worth a visit just for that reason. I loved the salsa. It was fresh, and made of fresh ground tomatoes. It had a nice spicy kick. I could've just sat there and eaten the salsa with the provided chips and been happy. I came here for the tacos. These were corn tortillas and they were warm, there was 2 per taco and they were about the size of a drink coaster. The tacos are small, but chocked full of meat and dirt cheap at only $2 each. I like that, in my opinion a taco should only be a few bites and it should be cheap. The tacos consist of basically your choice of meat, with onions and cilantro on top--no lettuce, no cheese, no tomatoes. If I want a salad, I'll order a salad. Tacos are not salads!!! One of my tacos was filled al pastor. It could've had more flavor and was barely warmed through, but it did have chunks of fat that had crispy edges on them (just like the fat in a perfectly cooked piece of bacon). Nice. If I based the rating strictly on the flavor of the meat I'd give it 3 stars. But they get a 4th star for the tacos as a whole and the salsa, which are so much better than anything else in this area. (With the possible exception of Taco Bros in Albany, which is also very good.)
3.5 Stars My wife and I have stopped by this place a few times after work and found everything to be pretty good. This place serves up tacos similar to those found at Mexican places we frequented back in Texas. I am a fan of all things pig related so I enjoy the carnitas as a combo meal or as tacos. They serve el pastor and lengua (tongue) as well. I wish they had barbacoa. There chile relleno's are on the greasy side, I do not think they are cooked to order. They give you complimentary chips and salsa which depending on who makes the salsa can be either good for kids or straight up Mouth Murder. To cool off if need be may I suggest either a tamarindo or jamaica beverage pronounced hah-MY-kah. They are both made in house and very good. There is a market/grocery adjacent to the dining room which has anything and everything. They sell chicken and pork tamales and red and green salsas they prepare. Oaxaca cheese similar to string cheese makes a great snack. So after lunch or dinner browse around.... and pick up ingredients to open your very own Mexican restaurant back home.
I really hoped this place would be the answer to my Mexican prayers.  Sadly, I think my prayers got a little scrambled on the way up, +Free chips and salsa. -My burrito was pretty bland.  I took most of it home and ended up throwing it away.   I threw a BURRITO away.  Blasphemy! +The tacos were good. -The bite of chile relleno I had was a soggy-ish. +They have horchata!  Dear god, they have horchata. -The enchiladas were....not what I wanted. +I found a big ol' bottle of Tapatio in the market area. I'm thinking that the Capitol Region may have sucked the spirit and spice out of this place. I'll be back,  believe you me.   I have a few more things to try and I hope I'll be able to bump up the stars.  Bump up the stars, bump it up. While your feet are stompin'.
First part of this review is for the restaurant, the second for the little bodega. A place like La Mexicana really tests whether my standards for Yelp are relative or absolute. In this particular case, this is a pretty mundane urban-style Mexican taqueria, which we would not have noticed at all back in Cali, but by all appearances is the only "authentic" spot in the area (boy do I pity the people who go to Chilis and think they're eating "Mexican" "Food".) The platas are all tasty enough, but it must be said they're using a lot of stuff out of jars and cans and the freezer to whip up Comida Norteña. The spicing is dialed down, but at least the flavors are close to el réal. (We just wish they had cervezas here, which would go a long way towards mas estrellas.) Service was muy lente but also muy simpático, which sort of evens out. That would be three stars pretty much anywhere, but for the homesick factor. We'll definitely be back because this is comfort food for us ex-Californios, and because the low-key vibe inside is pretty wonderful as well as accommodating for squirmy kids. As I said, this place is a real test of relative judgements, and we give it the fourth star just because it's the best Mexican in the area so deserves a bit of shine. Some oddities: - they wouldn't serve us tapwater. I could understand that if we were in Oaxaca, but municipal water is fine by me, and I thought somehow restaurants were required by law to provide free water upon request. We got instead a bottled Poland Spring and a Jarriscos Agua Soda. The horchata for the kids was very sweet and cinnamony, and we think was from a dry mix with water. - note they take credit cards, but only for the grocería side, which means you can pay your bill with a credit card for the restaurant, but there's no line for a tip. We had to go scrounge for a cash tip. - there's a superawesome CD juke box, but they have a Directv music channel playing: beware if you put in a dollar that all of a sudden you will have dueling tunes. The bodega (the Grocery in La Mexicana Grocery) has only processed dry foods, some CDs and DVDs en español, a few items of clothing, and some decent piñatas and crafty things (if you're looking for a skull for dia de los muertos, ¡¡aqui está!!) It's extremely basic -- no fresh chiles or nopales or anything like that -- so if you're trying to cook a little comida autentíca yourself, you are out of suerte. A very bare three stars for the bodega, and that's being generous.
Growing up in San Diego I was acustomed to having these little mexican markets on every street corner. After living in the Albany area for 5+ years without any it was SO refreshing and gave me a true sense of home when I walked in to La Mexicana Grocery one day after passing by unexpectedly. They have some of the things I haven't been able to find in NY that was SO exciting for me (I looooove to cook mexican food). And the few things they didn't have that I wanted they took down the information and said they'd look into it for me. The atmosphere was as authentic as the products they sell. I plan on going back again and again and again (especially since we're moving closer soon). I made sure and told the nice fella behind the counter how happy I was that they had opened up that store and that I hope they NEVER leave! EDIT - - 7/2/11 - Went back to La Mexicana today to find out they're OPENING A RESTAURANT!!! It opens in 2 weeks!!!!!! I am so beyond happy about this. The gal there  had a pot of warm shredded chicken tamales and a jug of salsa verde. So of course I bought 2! So delicious! She said the restaurant will have things like - Tortas, enchiladas, tacos, etc. soooooooooooooooooo happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EDIT #2 - - I've tried the food from the taco shop. It's REALLY good! My favorite would be the Tacos Al Pastor. They're very flavorful & remind me of home (Southern Cali). I've gone back about 2-3 times now and plan on going again soon. I've added some pictures of the food. Definitely check out this place! EDIT #3 - - OMG the Carne Asada burrito is TO DIE FOR! I had them customize it to my liking, how I used to get it in San Diego. Carne Asada, Pico de Gallo, and Guacamole only. Soooooo gooooood! It holds its own with burritos from Cali for sure! I took some co workers there for lunch the other day and they ALL LOVED the food. One got Tacos, one got A chicken Quesadilla, and one got a burrito. Each was equally as amazing! Very fresh, and not greasy. This IS MY HAPPY PLACE!
The food here is excellent. Not the fake Mexican you find at most other places. Also the prices are very reasonable. Even the prices in the grocery section are really good.
wow! I'm so happy I found this place. They have Tamales ever day now. They are delicious and worth your time. The tacos are very okie dokie. They aren't going to send anyone to the moon, but when you want something from home, that is the right stuff. You can order home made corn tortillas special for you. For those of us so inclined: You can get all of your own Tamale fixins there. Make your own mole sauce. They have 4 types of mexican chocolate. They have stuff from south america, though not much that I saw from Brasil. I think that might be another store! :) State street has quite a number of interesting restaurants and shops I look forward to perusing! Oh, and I do plan on updating this as I try more things on the menu!!
Definitely the best tacos/mexican in the Capital Region. This is authentic stuff, not Tex-Mex taco bell level stuff. It isn't even Bomber's or Moe's (which are better than Taco Bell, but still not Mexican). The place is small, possibly a little intimidating to stop in the first time, just because it doesn't look like a restaurant. When we went in all the people eating, besides ourselves, were Spanish speaking. I only note this because it probably lends a little credence to my opinion that it is authentic food. Bottom line: this is the only place to get real Mexican tacos that I know of up here, and it's nice to be able to get tacos in between visiting family in Brooklyn. Downside, prices are higher than the places in Brooklyn, but hey, when you live in this area and food is really the downfall, you pay a little more for the opportunity.
Very good, authentic Mexican food. Love the chorizo tacos and the coconut drink is very yummy!! The nachos and Mexican pizza are huge so you should probably share that plate.
I don't quite know why it took me so long to return here.  I'd been talking about doing so for at least two months.  I think I'm still going to stay with four stars for now.  This is not haute cuisine - this is home cookin'.   The restaurant side of the business is not large.  Maybe 10 tables.  Bright lime green walls, and I do mean lime since I compared them to the limes that were on our plate. My wife ordered the Pozole ($).  It was not exactly what she was expecting since our first introduction to pozole was at a Mexican friend's house.  She thought it could have benefited from some more hominy.  Our friend had used chicken broth with the pork, but they may have used the traditional pork broth or water here.  It still was good though. We shared a couple of tamale ($2.50 ea) - both were chicken, one with red sauce and the other with green sauce.  We liked the green sauce better, but there was absolutely no complaining about the one with red sauce.  There's nothing as good as homemade tamales and they know how to make them here. I felt the need to try their Lenguna Taco ($2) - that's beef tongue for the uninitiated. It came with two soft tortillas so I split the ingredients into the two small corn tortillas.  The lenguna was cubed and not as strong in flavor as I've had elsewhere.  Some people may prefer it this way. I think I enjoyed a previous introduction to lenjuna tacos more so. What I had really been waiting to try was a Tlayuda ($9.99).  The price has risen one dollar since I first commented, but it is still an excellent value.  The Tlayuda here starts with a large flour tortilla (12 inch diameter?) that is made crispy and then coated with a thin layer of refried beans, then topped with shredded cabbage (?), string cheese, slices of spicy chicken breast, slices of spicy beef (almost like homemade beef jerky), crumbled chorizo, sliced avocado, and slices of Mexican cheese (panela?) that they probably sell in their grocery store. The Mexican chorizo on the Tlayuda is absolutely fantastic.  I'll be returning to look for other dishes that have their chorizo.  In fact, I would guess that it also may be for sale in the grocery store.  I must warn you, however, I did not figure out the best way to eat the Tlayuda.  They don't cut it like a pizza, and while the tortilla on the bottom is crispy it seems like you should be able to simply break it into edible chunks to eat.  But for some reason this was not working.  With all the toppings it was difficult to break off pieces that could hold a variety of the toppings.  I'm ready to take this task on a second time, however.  It's a wonderful combination of flavors. There is no alcohol license here so we had a couple cans of soda.  There is a large TV carrying Mexican programming.  Just before we left a number of tables filled up with Latinos.  I don't know if they came just to enjoy this wonderful cooking or if they came to watch the soccer game that was starting on the TV - maybe both.  I seem to also recall a juke box that at times competed with the TV.
This is the best Mexican food in the Schenectady area, Not fancy, but good quality food at reasonable prices
Best Mexican in the area.  The tacos were good but not great- could have been an off day.  The tamale was very good.   The tamale and tacos would have gotten a 3.5/4.  The chorizo nachos stole the show and bring La Mexicana Grocery to a 5.  Rich chorizo, rendered fat coating the chips, crema for balance, it was a huge, like feed two easily, portion.  And it was absolutely delicious, some of the better chorizo I've had anywhere.   A small place but the prices are right and the food is spot on.  When I go back I'd like to try their pozole since it seems like the type of place that would do it right.
Another transplanted west-coaster here - after three years in the Albany area, this is the only "Mexican" restaurant I have returned to - consistent, tasty food that has that authentic taste - not gringoed up with cheese and sour cream all over everything - just the right amounts. It used to be that I had to wait for that yearly trip back west to eat something tasty - now I know where I can go to quench my jonses for Mexican food - highly recommended!
Finally made it....  The food was great.  Prices were great.  Serves not so much and the decor was ok.  The tables from previous customers were not cleaned up and we were the only people in the place but I went for the food and did not care what was around me.  WORTH the trip will go again and again!   When we were seated they served salsa was it was very spicy, thankfully I love spice!  The chips were warm and very good.  They although lacked on the Guacamole.  I think they gave me a 1/2 teaspoon with my order???  Authentic Mexican in the middle of Schenectady....must try.
Love this place! Living in a big city all my life and moving to a small town like this. I haven't found any real authentic Mexican food out here until a friend told us about this place. If you want authentic Mexican food you should come here! The food is yummy especially langua tacos. It very small there only about 8 tables, service is slow too but it's understandable it's a family own business. I totally recommend this place.
This place is the real deal!  I have been searching for authentic Mexican in this area and have come up short every time, but not anymore!  La Mexicana is without a doubt the best Mexican restaurant I have been to in the area!  It's totally unassuming in a little place on Central/State and the parking is a little rough if it's busy, but it's great!  It is also a Mexican grocery store.   Everything I have tried here has been great from the tacos, quesadillas, burritos, etc.  They have a few different options for meat and all of them have been great so far.  The server was very friendly and the food came out very quickly and hot!  There aren't a ton of options but what they do serve is outstanding.  They also serve the entrees with free chips and salsa which are tasty.   Like some other people have said, when I have visited most people sitting there have been speaking Spanish which definitely makes me feel that this is definitely the real deal!   The prices are also extremely fair too for the quality and size of the dishes.   If you want some delicious, authentic Mexican don't look any further!
After living in Buffalo for a year, I was Jonesing for some authentic Mexican food. Yelp pointed us in this direction, and we were happy it did. The prices and atmosphere assured us that this was a real deal Mexican restaurant: quirky decor, grocery store on one side, questionable bathrooms, all Latino/a staff, authentic dishes, and cheap prices. Everything was delicious. I had the Tlayuda which was huge. The waitress warned me...I should've listened. It's $10 for a tortilla topped with beans and all their meats. It was pretty delicious, and something I've never had before. The street tacos were also good, but not 5 stars good. Definitely a great spot for authentic Mexican in upstate NY.
As someone who knows from Mexican food, and who just had some amazing tacos  at a taqueria in Chicago that a friend from Mexico highly recommended (and with good reason!), I cannot praise La Mexicana highly enough.  It's in the same league, and that is mighty praise.   It's not just the presentation, or the quality of the ingredients;  the flavor of their tacos and burritos is beyond great.  Last night I had an al pastor burrito that was not only unbelievably delicious but huge, as in "half of that is lunch tomorrow" big.  The carne asada is also seriously tasty. The staff is very friendly, the food arrives very quickly considering they put it together to order, and the smells coming out of the kitchen will make you consider ordering more than what you already have ordered.  Go here, and eat happily!
Found this place by accident.  As authentic as it gets.  Everything is hot, fresh, and made to order.  Tamales are some of the best I have ever had.  If this place was where I live I would be here ALOT.
House salsa was fresh and quite spicy - very good. I had chile relano - the peppers were fresh with nice filling. Refrained beans very good, rice plain. Guacamole was not great. My son had a burrito and sope. Carnitas very good. Overall an OK lunch but not as good as I expected from authentic Mexican.
Karly knows what's up!!  I am a Mexican from Cali who has been in the Capital District for almost two years...I am SOOOOO happy this place is here! The restaurant is OPEN and completely autentico!  I went there today and sampled the carne asade tacos and burrito which are 100% Mexican!  Move over hot harry's wraps, Bombers and Moe's...here comes the real deal!  FINALLY!!! The menu is not extensive, however, the staples are there for the small shop they have set up.  Also, if you have the chance to stop in on the weekend, they have tamales and pozole!!  These are very ethnic foods that are saved for special occasions because they are take a lot of time and energy to make.  I have had their tamales before and they are DELICIOUS and HOMEMADE.  A tamale is a seasoned meat filled dumpling...you won't find these homemade for sale in any of the other "mexican" establishments in the area... The dumpling is steamed in a corn husk (don't eat the husk).  This establishment has offered fantastic pork and chicken tamales in the past.  Pozole is a stew that usually has homony and pork or beef...the broth can traditionally be green or red, depending on the region...I cannot wait to try their pozole! There is a bit of a wait as this is a small family owned business...it is totally worth the wait as this is the only place I have found that truly offers authentic mexican food and products.  I cannot live without my Cholula and I can always count on getting it here.  Cholula is a Mexican hot sauce condiment that you can throw on ANYTHING!!!   Also, I must recommend the Mexican Coca-Cola to pair with any meal.  No high fructose corn syrup in this bottle...Mexican Coca-Cola is made with 100% pure sugar cane!  :)    This is how Coca-Cola was intended to taste before scientists got involved! So, take advantage, Albany!  Here is REAL, DELICIOUS Mexican food coming at ya!
Excellent authentic Mexican fare, in unassuming, diner-like space.  Have had the rellenos, which were stuffed with queso fresco, rather than monterry jack used by most tex-mex places.  They were OK, but greasy.  I preferred the burritos and tamales.
Today was my first visit to La Mexicana. I was going to wait until I'd visited another time or two before writing my review, but then I had a bite of a tamale and I didn't want to take the chance that someone would miss out on eating these right away. So here's my review: these tamales are the best I've tasted, and I've eaten tamales in plenty of places from here to Texas, including my own kitchen. They might be the best food ever made. There are other things on the menu, none of which I tasted, and a nice selection of groceries for the small space. But even if you don't care about any of that: you've got to try these tamales.
La Mexicana is an unassuming restaurant and bodega in an unassuming section of Schenectady along State Street.  Essentially, blink and you'll pass right by.  The tacos are to die for, and I would certainly come back for more tacos.  The tlayuda (Mexican pizza) is HUGE and would make Billy Fuccillo reconsider his catch phrase for his auto dealership.  I definitely find that the food here is authentic and close to what you'd find in Mexico.  I'll be back.
I went to this interesting place thanks to all you Yelpers out there. I am a fin of this little place now. The CHicken Fajitas were outstanding.......hot hot hot plate of food. I cant even tell you how delicious they were but incredible doesnt even begin to tell you how much I liked them. The were kinda like sweet and sour chicken with onions and peppers. I dont know why but no matter where I go and order Fajitas they never give you enough shells to roll them up and stuff your face. The sides were good too.....the rice was excellent, the Beans ( a little watery) but good, the lettuce and guaq and sourcream.....all good. My Son had a Chorizo Buritto and he ate it so fast and through the mumbling while stuffing it in his eating hole I could hear him say" this is MMMMSOOOOO gooooood". Drinks come cans bottles or a cup.....depending on what you order and how ya want it. It has made my list of places to go for good food Ohhhh......only 2 complaints/observations.........very slow and the decor was a little unfinished/weird tile around the base of the floor.
My Ultimate Northeast Taco Search continues and I have visited this spot 3-4 times while working in the area. Thoroughly pleased! Its a real mexican market with a roomy area for tables and chairs and a kitchen in the back. I've tried the tacos with carnitas, carne asada, al pastor. These are very nice tacos. Plenty of filling, tasty, with just about the right amount of onion and cilantro. the red and green salsas both hold their own. These will not blow you away but the hit the spot - for $2.00 each. The rice and beans I ordered twice and found them a bit flat. Family run place and the folks are very nice. Each time I have gone, there have always been latinos eating and conversing with the tacky mexican sitcoms playing on the TV. Its a regular spot for me when working in Albany. Que rico!
This place is LEGIT. If you're looking for a chipotle or taco bell inspired mexican experience, you need to stay far, far away from this place. However, if you're looking to leave this place dancing around a hat, while contemplating leaving your significant other to find a nice mexican person to settle down with, this is it!
Most people in the Northeast have no idea what real Mexican food is partially because we don't have it here.  After spending some time in the west throughout the years I got to know what GOOD Mexican food is.  This place is AWESOME.  I feel like I just won a prize discovering it.  They have all your goodies in the grocery store including Tapatio hot sauce which is almost impossible to find here.  Tortilla, Spices, and a full menu ta-boot this place is THE spot for authentic Mexican food and supply.
Fantastic food, with a great staff clean atmosphere and real Mexican coca cola. I had the burrito with al patron meat. Wonderful textures, tastes and great people. I hope they last a long time.
Like others here, I have been to the Mission District of SF and this is the very first place that can truly duplicate the real deal. I only had a burrito here but will try all the other dishes one at a time over the winter. Hot Harrys & Moes are a step above Taco Bell but not this good. I'll also try the desserts too.
Haven't used the grocery store but have eaten there a few times. The food is very cheap and VERY good. Their English skills are not that great and the ambiance is very plain but I still love it.  Parking is not that great either but still worth it
Wow!  The best burrito and tacos I've had in a while.   Better than chipotle!
Back for a chicken tortas and then Flan for dessert, as always good food.
I am in heaven.  I just recently moved here from southern California and have had some culture shock.  This place definitely reminds me of being back home. Its got the  perfect selection of authentic mexican grocery items I had been looking for that the local grocery stores didn't carry.  Now I can cook my favorite recipes without substitutions.   While there my mom and I tried the tacos.  They are definitely worth going back for.  The carne asada was seasoned and tasty.  My mom enjoyed the carnitas.  I had a carne asada torta that was awesome.  Too bad they were out of horchata. but its all good because they had Jarritos and Sidral. So that made up for it.   I will definately be back to try out the rest of their food. =)
Based on reviews here, we decided to give this place a shot. We were very hopeful as the salsa was homemade and very good. We ordered a tamale as an appetizer to try it. It was good not great. We tried the fluates, good not great. Enchiladas, absolutely horrible.  Unedible. The chicken tasted like it was spoiled. I tried to tell the waitress and send it back, I thought she understood as she nodded and said ok. Not the case, she doesn't speak English. The rice, no flavor and beans were ok. When we paid for this less than tasteful meal, I was still charged for the enchiladas. I explained to someone who dd speak English, who said I'd have to pay half price. I did not eat any enchiladas, tasted the beans and ate some rice and was expected to pay for horrific food!  Not to mention the service, extremely slow!  Two other tables waited so long they canceled their order and paid for drinks and chips then left. We've traveled all over the world, eat Mexican everywhere and this Is the worst here. I'd take the Tex-mex styles around the capital area over this place and that isn't saying much! Do not  waste your time or money.
Best burritos I've ever had.  They taste fresh, delicious and authentic!
This is an authentic Mexican market with a seating area on the side and the food is very good.  I ordered the chiles relleno and they were freshly made and delicious!  I'm getting take out from there tonight.  BTW, I'm half mexican and I know my mexican food.  Prices are very reasonable.  I highly recommend this place!!!
Everything looks the part,  but lacks seasoning and flavor.
This is a great spot for some simple, authentic Mexican food. The tamales (shredded pork or shredded chicken) are great, and the tacos are fresh and tasty as well. Like another reviewer, I found the taco's beef tongue flavor to be pretty mild, which I liked. They also have a selection of 'waters' which varies depending on the day. When we went, they were serving horchata and tamarindo. I haven't tried all of the menu items, but I will definitely return (esp. for tres leches cake).
