What a great experience.  I've visited Schenectady since I was a young child.  Being Italian, I am very picky about Italian food.  This place exceeded our expectations.   I had a Grilled Tomato Pie with eggplant parmigiana.  What a concept.  Whoever invented this plate is a genius.  I was full halfway through but I kept eating simply because it was delicious.  Everyone else in our party enjoyed their meal. Highly recommend!
This review is for More Perrecas, not the bakery. During my time in Schenectady as a college student, I would frequent this fantastic establishment. Every time I visit my alma mater, I make sure I get a meal in at Perrecas. The chicken Marsala is my favorite while the girlfriend's favorite is the chicken piccata. The home made pizzas are fantastic (I enjoy cartelized onions). You can't go wrong with the menu. Get dessert. Any dessert. The cupcakes are amazing! Nice outdoor seating in the back.
Back in the day when I worked for a local ambulance company in the greater capital region, rumor had it that Perreca's opened wicked early and that third shifters could hop in, grab a fresh-out-of-the-oven loaf of bread and some signature sauce and have an amazing snack/meal.  At least at that time, Perreca's was making bread for a lot of restaurants in the area and had to open early to get the orders filled; that was a Billy Fuccilo HUGE plus for us! Fast forward to today and Perreca's has figuratively and literally expanded into the building next door and out back to open it's specialty to all meals of the day!  A full menu that has at least this writers mind reminiscing to the days of watching my grandmother in her kitchen making red sauces from whole tomatoes with her bare hands while having me pull basil and oregano off the sprigs.  Even if you're not Italian, the moment you walk in the door, you might as well have been born with a canoli in your hand, because you're eating like one today, while feeling like you're river side in Venice. We stopped in most recently on our way out of town during the first dinner service of a Friday evening and had an amazingly friendly waitress whom was knowledgeable and attentive!  Despite the fact that the menu was chocked full of phenomenal choices, my wife opted to request something she's had for breakfast here in a prior visit being the "Eggs in Purgatory."  While the name itself doesn't lend it to being anything but evil, when you bite into perfectly cooked eggs in a seriously and purposefully spicy, house made, red sauce sopped up with home made bread you'd think you've died and went in the opposite direction straight to HEAVEN! A superb wine menu with out of this world (yet again, home made) desert options and a little specialty grocery store next door make Perreca's an incredibly well rounded option for all things pertaining to Italian food! The portions are substantial all the while keeping prices reasonable.  There's no reason not to come here.
So they are a bakery that sells lunch meat but they don't make deli sandwiches. Told me to go next door. I went next door they said they don't make sandwiches either. Eff that place.
Excellent menu and service. On the weekends they have a special Pancake and a Frittata to choose from. Coffee was hot and excellent and I always use that as a sign of things to come
This review is for More Perreca's, not the bakery. We had a wonderful late afternoon dinner here on a sunny, pleasant day - a Saturday - around 4 in the afternoon.   We ate out on the back deck which was charming.   My only complaint about the deck area was the motorcycle noise from the bar down the street.   The sawmill was having some kind of outdoor party and motorcycles were very loudly going up the street.    But not the restaurants fault.   2 of us enjoyed eggplant parm and the 3rd in our party ordered the brocolli rabe special.   We all thought the food was very tasty, but sadly the pasta accompanying the dishes was overdone.    Way overcooked.    When the waitress asked how our food was we told her delicious, but that the pasta was overcooked.  She said she could get us a new order, but we had already eaten half and it was a tasty sauce so we just told her to let the cook know so that next time it would be corrected.   We also thought that maybe perhaps the pasta was precooked and just warmed up in water before serving - it was that overdone.   Despite this everything else was very good. We had desert and espresso and a bottle of wine to share.   The total bill came to $113 without tip. I'll go back again - hopefully the bar down the street will not be having a party, and I'll ask for the pasta to be al dente - the way it should be without asking. By the way - the service was top notch.
Waited an hour for a mediocre meal. Waitress was non apologetic and never offered to refill our drinks. Pizza crust is pre made, not authentic wood fired . Little to no cheese on hot meatball sandwich. Soup was weak. Only redeeming food was the bread ....
We love it here for breakfast or dinner. Lunch can be a bit noisy unless you are able to sit outside on the back patio. Of course, the bread is to die for.
Great brunch served with their legendary bread.  Attentive service and comfortable, pleasant atmosphere.  I enjoyed the french toast and it was soooo good.  My husband had an omelette even though he eats mainly vegan food with occasional treats like this.  I would recommend that they consider adding at least a token vegan entree as there are so many vegans out there.   The service was excellent, wait staff were efficient and friendly.  There is also a nice garden patio out back.  Remember to go next door and bring home a loaf of Schenectady's best Italian bread.
So, the very kind owner of Perreca's reached out to me after seeing the photo of my french toast order.  She apologized (in a very genuine way) and offered a refund.  When the refund arrived, I also found vouchers for two entrees.  Great customer service - I'm definitely willing to give them another shot.
Really, 4.5. We were traveling via Schnectady on our way from DC to Vermont - this was our stop for lunch - both ways. We did the bakery on the way up (takeaway) and it was very good. The three pre-made sandwich options were great, along with the cannoli and cupcake for the road. Simply a great find in a city we've always had luck in. On the way back we sat down for lunch at the cafe next door. The service was okay, the soup of the day (tomato bisque) was good, but the sandwiches were very good. We had both the meatball and eggplant parm large paninis at the table - the eggplant was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. If you're in the area and need some food, swing in...
I've been to More Perrecas twice and both times thought it was just ok The last time I went, our group was served meatballs which were completely cold in the center and only lukewarm on the outside. The sauces on all the pastas we tried were very bland and everybody had to salt and pepper at the table. The worst was when we asked the waitress for an extra plate and she grabbed one, brought it over, rubbed some dirt off with her bare fingers and then gave it to us. Like are you kidding?? She didn't even care that we were watching. We actually told her she could take the plate back since none of us wanted to eat off it after that, and she just smiled and was like oh ok! Really thick The bread they brought to our table both times wasn't worth the hype at all, but maybe the bread from the bakery is fresher and better? Every time I go to the bakery, they're sold out of bread. You'd think they would make enough to not sell out at 1pm since its soooo famous but whatever
First of all I don't know why Yelp doesn't have 2 separate accounts for Perreca's and More Perreca's anymore but this update is based on recent visits to the restaurant. I finally got a chance to come for dinner and I got to take advantage of their free birthday promotion, which is a great deal btw. But I'm starting to get consistently disappointed by this place. I don't think it's being run well. We went on a Monday night so it wasn't super busy but they only had like one actual waiter and someone to help him so they were  really working their ass off and therefore not overly friendly. We weren't told about any specials and two of the things my dad wanted to order they were out of. What we did get was really good and exceeded my expectations though. The vodka sauce was surprisingly spicy. The chicken Marsala was nice and sweet. The service was quick but like I said a little curt. I'm not gonna hold that against them. I also came for breakfast on Saturday only to find out they ran out of oranges so no fresh squeezed oj and also overheard they were out of French toast. C'mon on Perreca's get it together. You have been open long enough that you shouldn't be running out of things. My eggs purgatory were super overcooked. Poached eggs are supposed to be a little runny. These were practically hard boiled. I felt stupid sending it back but having poached eggs is what makes that dish so good. The yolk mixing in with the sauce is amazing.   Hopefully they take notice and correct the problems because they aren't that major but I'm not willing to drive 20-30 mins to be let down much longer.
This review is for More Pereccas. My family enjoyed breakfast here. This was one of the best breakfasts I have enjoyed in a while.  The service was excellent and the bill was phenomenal! For 6 of us the the bill was under $40. We will definitely return for breakfast and to try their lunch and dinner menu as well.
So, as a one time resident of Schenectady, I was very familiar with Perecca's bakery.  The bakery alone is an excellent bakery; however, the restaurant next door, is NOT. Long story short, my companion and I were intrigued by the sign in the window that said "coal fired pizza".  Unfortunately, we had the misfortune of watching the pizza being prepared.  The staff pulled out a pre-made cracker like crust from a plastic bag.  7 minutes later our 'well done' requested pizza arrived with soggy and undercooked toppings/cheese and a burnt crust.  With tax, tip and 1 beer we left $29.  Both of us felt ripped off.   How can a restaurant that is physically attached to a bakery and shares the same name, not use fresh dough?
Perreca's has been a Schenectady staple forever and rightfully so - its freaking amazing! The bread is nice and crusty outside and soft and delicious inside. Today when I went in they had fontinella cheese that you could buy blocks of - I can never find Fontinella so I jumped right on this chance - phenomenal! They have a delicious olive tapenade that is great on a sandwich, and you can even get some of the made sandwiches they have there for you - like the muffalleta - yum!!!
First, I need to mention that I am not a lover of bread.  I pass on bread baskets offered in restaurants and I never buy bread for home. I'm not a gluten-free, low carb kind of gal. I'm just not inspired by most bread But I always at least have a taste of what is offered. I usually pass. I also always notice the bread used when getting a breakfast sandwich or sub. Every time I have been blown away by the fact that I actually like the bread, I find that it comes from Perreca's. Chewy, crusty exterior, soft almost sour interior.   I need to investigate this place!
I used to lifeguard at the downtown YMCA many moons ago.  Every Sunday I'd work from 12-4 during lap swim.  I barely had anyone come in for swimming, so I'd pretty much get my homework done. The highlight of my 4 hours would be when the owner of Perreca's would come in to swim laps. He'd bring 2 slices of tomato pie with him for me.  I'd savor those delicious slices. It's the most perfect crust, delicious sauce.  They are amazing. The bread is crusty and dense.  It's my favorite Italian bread on the planet.  Legend has it that Jack Nicholson has it sent to him in LA.  I can understand why.
I love using Yelp to find these little gems. Yea this is a solid venue for lunch. Panini's are fabulous. Great coffees and dessert and will definitely return on my next visit. My dining companion, who is on the Atkins diet, was just dying as I chowed down my sandwich.   I thought he was going to code out as I enjoyed my cannoli to the last finger licking bite. One ding though...Our check was brought to us without asking if we wanted coffee or dessert. I ordered a cappuccino and while looking at the dessert menu the check was brought again. I ordered dessert and here comes Rev 3 of the bill. Oh they do not accept AMEX.
This review/update is for the bakery, NOT the cafe. Some wing nut has convinced Yelp to lump them together, which is ridiculous because they have different menus, vastly different quality, even different opening hours. Please don't go to More Perreca's. I've tried them three times and they're out... for poor service and mediocre quality. Instead, visit the original bakery on the other side of the wall that knocks it out of the park every time it steps up to the plate with their tomato pie, prosciutto and sharp provolone sandwich with spicy olive oil on a slab of their puffy bread, and fantastic and ridiculously cheap sun dried tomatoes in the little tubs lined up on top of the counter. Get those items, take them home, put the sun dried tomatoes atop a nice salad, and you've got a meal fit for a king.
Perreca's bread is honestly the best bread I have ever had. I haven't been to Italy but I have been to France a few times and they have some great bread, obviously. I get excited every time I go home to visit and my mom is cooking Italian because I know we will have Perrecas. Most of the time she will buy a couple of loaves and freeze them- and the bread is still phenomenal. Literally anyone who finds themselves in Schenectady needs to go to Perreca's and have this bread. I have only eaten at the relatively new restaurant section here twice, once I had a breakfast sandwich and once I had a personal pizza. Both awesome. I'm sure anything else produced by their kitchen/bakery is great.
Overall the food remains good.  However, once we sat down and were asked if we wanted garlic bread we said sure ... after reading the menu we figured out it cost $5.  Had we known we would have passed as the regular bread is quite fine.  We understand menus are menus but when all the ingredients are at hand ... why not satisfy your customers.  We requested a fritatta and our waiter asked the waiter who responded quite negatively (and we could see his reponse).  Opted for the pizza and were shorted quite a number of the ingredients that we had requested.  Again, Italian restaurant and no home made pasta ... not good.
The bread: Legendary. The service: Snarky.  (Fine if you're the Soup Nazi, but a shame in this great little bakery.)  The woman who waited on me was rude when informing me about the $10.00 credit card minimum.  She was then nasty with me when I asked for a pastry by a different name than they know it.  (The pastry was on a tray between the two of us and I pointed directly to it.  Regardless of what I called it, it was very self explanatory, so there was no need for her to snark to her coworker under her breath about the issue while she was still assisting me.  Rude, period.)   My advice to you, the snaky woman: save it for your cigarette break or for a moment when no customers are in the bakery.  really.  The space behind your counter is not at all large and chances are good that if I am standing at the counter I can hear what you are saying about me while you are behind the counter. Again, the bread: Legendary. After putting this experience behind me I then ventured into the Cafe to meet friends for lunch.  The Italian Wedding Soup was very tasty, but rather lacking in meatballs, although I did find half of one.  The Sausage and Pepper Sandwich was very good.  The Potato Salad was a disappointment, but the Bread Pudding made up for it.  The server was a ray of sunshine. And, again, the bread: Legendary.
First off More Perecca's has totally fixed (as far as we've experienced) the evening table service problems I outlined when I first reviewed the evening restaurant. The ambiance is still very casual and open - you can have a conversation with the chef if you'd like while you're waiting for your food - so it's not exactly like your typical higher-end restaurant, it's still got that feel of a neighborhood diner. The walk-up-to-the-counter decor really belies the fact you're having really top-notch Italian fare. Frankly I really don't care for the overdone Americanized Italian menu as a rule, but More Perecca's is really doing it up so well it's enough to turn my head. We've had excellent soups, salads, traditional pasta dishes, slightly jazzed up pasta, the signature pizzas and tomato pies, even the kids' Mac and Cheese is special (just enough mustard). Portions are enormous. However, they're almost pricing me out of the joint for dinner. It's now running us $25 a head with tip, including the fact we have kids as half our party, after sharing a single appetizer and ordering a side of vegetables, without wine, sharing one beer, sharing one dessert. I believe the quality of the food, and now the service, merits this in the abstract, but it does in the end turn it into a higher end restaurant by pricing and by those standards I can't really give it the fifth star as yet. It is, in the end, an American-Italian restaurant with quite a bit of flare, not an Italian-Italian restaurant featuring a particular cuisine, if you will. In the meantime, I think the best deal is still to get one of the outstanding paninis at lunch, preferably "to go" from the bakery side.
First some corrections about the restaurant information.  Yes, they do serve wine and beer and yes, at least at dinner they have wait service. Dining companion and I had the opportunity to eat at More Perecca's last evening before going to Proctor's.  Within 5 minutes we were seated (although the longer we were there, the line for a table was getting quite long.).  Very fresh and crisp salad followed by ziti and meatballs was terrific.  Large portions at a small price.  And Perecca's bread on the side.  How good is this!  We were in and out within 45 minutes, never feeling rushed, but with plenty of time to make the show.
Literally the BEST BREAD OF ALL TIME. I'm not joking. It's basically a requirement to go to Perreca's if you live in Schenectady. Their bread is delicious. I don't know the secret and I even worked there for a summer. It remains to be literally (I'm saying it again) the best bread I have EVER eaten. They also have delicious tomato pie (basically pizza) which is served cold and is just the right amount of tomato-y and bread-y. If you ever find yourself in Schenectady, NY or within a reasonable distance to Schenectady, please, for your own sake, go to Perreca's. Tell Maria I sent you.
I would move to Schenectady to have Perreca's every day. The best thing to do is get a hot loaf of Perreca's bread (the round kind works best for this, but it's really up to you), and then walk across the street to Civitello's and get an italian ice. Then walk back to the parking lot and sit in the cute little chairs Perreca's has out and feel European while you eat your hot bread and italian ice. And ignore the fact that they probably don't do that in Europe. Make your own rules. Just don't put italian ice on your steamy delicious bread. It's better in theory and will probably just end with a brain freeze. When you're done, go back into Perreca's and buy like eight loaves of bread (go for the large loaves this time) and half of a tomato pie. Then try to save some for later, but ultimately end up eating it all on the way home.
This is a review for More Perreca's (which should probably have it's own Yelp page, as it has different hours, and serves a different clientele than the bakery) Beautiful atmosphere, amazing food, great service, ample parking. I have been here twice, once I had a simple breakfast and took home some of the phenomenal cupcakes from the bakery side, which I ate for lunch. The second time, I had the eggs in purgatory for breakfast. I am not sure how people who don't like spice would find it, but I LOVED IT, it was one of the heartiest things I have ever eaten, and it smacked me awake. While I don't understand this trend, the Italian sausage patty went perfectly with the dish, however I am not sure that I would prefer it to breakfast sausage in an egg and pancake scenario. You simply have to get to this place yourself. I heard about it from two different friends who told me I HAD to try it, and now I am telling everyone i know, YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE!
I never thought Italians had to prove how great they are, but every time I go to Perecca's and get a tomato pie, and loaf of bread the point is driven home. Nothing takes the place of brick ovens. Since 1913 the wood floors have been creaking and the small space has flour on the floors. Italian sundries, are they just to add to the no frills baked goods. $1.90 will buy you the most awesome loaf of bread you can get. $1.25 amazing tomato pie. The people that work there are sweet and it's old world character make this place really special.
The muffaletta sandwich is a perfection that I cannot describe.  I have gone to Perecca's at 1pm to find it sold out because people come to buy their sandwiches at 6am.  It is literally the best food I've had since moving to Albany last year. The tomato pie is also fantastic.  But, it's their bread that makes them famous. It is by far the best in the region. Combine a round bread with their fantastic tapenade, which is what really makes the mufellata magic, and you have an incredibly decadent italian treat.
I love Perreca's. I worked here for three years, ate more bread during that time than lots of people will eat in their entire lives, and still, I could eat the bread every day. It's fabulous. It's beyond descrption. What can I say? Even Jack Nicholson is into it. Try the tomato pie-- the  best cold pizza you'll ever had. Just, please, don't ask if they can heat it up or if you can get toppings on it.
I live right around the corner from Little Italy and am always amazed by how European I feel by just walking to my local butcher, bakery, food mart, etc. Perreca's is a MUST. The CUTEST old lady with an Italian accent handles much of everything in this place from the WONDERFUL fresh italian breads, soups, olives and pasta. Their pasta fagioli soup was the best remedy for a recent cold I had. They do not use preservatives in their bread so the bread will go stale the next day, but it is so inexpensive and delicious, you'll easily feed you and your family with it! A must stop!!! Support local business! Farrah Nayka Ashline
Good tastes, great individual pizza, terrible organization and management. I've eaten here twice, once was for lunch and very good, once was for dinner and I was alone in the restaurant and almost didn't get served. Years ago I would say you can't get bad service in an empty restaurant.  That's not true; that's the most likely time to get bad service and true to form, I did at More Perreca's. The owner thought waiting twenty minutes to be served and finding that their waitress had left and not ordered the food was unfortunate.  She was right, I never went back and never will.
I get to Perreca's maybe once every year, but I'm usually craving it the other 364 days each year. Their tomato pie is hands-down the best I've ever, ever had. It's lathered with a thick tomato paste that's obviously a labor of love- not too acidic and seasoned with just enough Italian seasonings and finely grated parmigiano cheese. The sharp provolone and roasted red pepper sandwich is indeed sharp but also a little sweet. I think I could eat it anytime of day, anytime of year. Despite those two wonderful things, Perecca's does have some misses for me. The tomato and mozzarella sandwich is a little oily and uses sliced mozzarella rather than fresh. The beans and greens soup was waaay salty and had too many large chunks of pork. Italians tend to flavor their soups with meat, not have them be the featured ingredient. The service is a little slow during lunch because they can be chatty with their regulars, but that's not always a bad thing. I really go to Perreca's for their tomato pie and their red pepper sandwich. For those two things alone, this place is worth 5 stars.
I've been to Perreca's Bakery and the adjacent More' Perreca's cafe a handful of times, and let me tell you, the food is amazing.  The bakery has been around for years and is usually busy with people buying freshly baked Italian bread and giant cupcakes.  The cupcakes are quite tasty. More' Perreca's is THE place to go in Schenectady if you want Italian food.  It's quite authentic, servings are quite generous and the pasta dish I had was incredible.  I've also ordered their personal pizzas on a couple of occasions, and they are also very scrumptious.
I really love this place.  The bread here is the best in the area, by far.  However, it does go stale quickly because they don't use ANY preservatives.  I will sometimes buy an extra loaf and freeze it or use the stale bread for meatballs.   Also, the muffaletta sandwiches are to die for. Most of all I love the old world feel to this place, the employees are always very nice, and they really put effort into the business, especially with the use of technology- become of fan of them on facebook!
Had lunch today with my spouse at "More Perreca's." Had been mentioned by an acquaintance who was familiar with the bakery side of things. What a profound disappointment. We ordered the "Tuscan" chicken salad for me and a personal pizza for my spouse. 25 minutes after ordering, the waitress appeared with the chicken salad and said "here's the salad to start you all off with; the pizza will be a few minutes more." Huh? Who brings out one diner's entree but not the other's? The chicken salad was pretty bleh. Not a bad flavor, I suppose. But it had the consistency of finely ground mush. No discernible pieces of chicken. Had a few cranberries mixed in -- I guess that made it "Tuscan"? Served with Italian dressing that tasted like it came out of a bottle -- like a really cheap, tasteless brand. Why? It's so easy to make rocking homemade Italian dressing. Anyhow, overall the chicken salad was not satisfying. Avoid. Back to the timeline. 10 minutes after the chicken salad arrived, the pizza was finally brought to the table. It wasn't close to being cooked through. Raw dough in the middle. The cheese on top wasn't even melted. Wtf. It's so fricking easy to cook a pizza. How could they screw it up like this, especially after they had 35 minutes to make it? The excuses from the waitress were legion. "The kitchen's been really backed up." Uh, no. Everyone else in the restaurant when we walked in was already eating before we ordered. "It's pre-made dough and every batch is different." Huh? Didn't even make sense. Plus, they're also a bakery, so don't they make their own pizza dough? Shame on them if they don't.  "There's a problem with the pizza oven." What? Like it doesn't get hot enough? If that's the case, stop taking pizza orders. So, we asked to have the pizza cooked for a few minutes more. 10 more minutes later, still no pizza. So, at this point, it's been 45 minutes since we ordered. We asked for the check, minus the cost of the pizza, paid, and left. All my spouse had to eat while we were there was the piece of bread that came with my chicken salad. And the bread? Stale. Figures. As I was paying, a guy came in to order a cappuccino at the counter. "Sorry, but the machine's broken and is out getting fixed." Really? Yet on every table, there's a prominently displayed list of espresso drinks being offered. Oy. What a waste of time. Not well conceived or managed. Won't ever consider returning.
2.5 Stars! Thought it was going to be a lot better..... The stuffed shells lunch special verdict is although the filling was decent they were drowned it way too much bland red sauce and the shells edges were hard and not like crisp from being baked in the oven but from being in the uncovered steam table too long.  Potato salad was like tasteless mashed potatoes with uncooked potatoes mixed in here and there. Pizza I do have to say was pretty good though! Maybe I will go back for that.......
Ok, I totally agree - this is thee best bread anywhere!! visited my niece attending Union College yesterday.  She mentioned she goes to this delicious Italian place and loves their Panini's.  So, we tried the restaurant and I am so glad I did!  We were seated immediately (after I wiped my drool once I locked eyes on their gigantic cupcakes) and our waitress was awesome. I ordered the indiv. pizza with red sauce, and my sister got the same but at the waitress's suggestion, ordered with the white sauce.  WOW!  I can't even begin to tell you how happy I was! Good call!!  We didn't order wine, but noticed a lovely selection of both reds and whites...next time! The bakery wasn't open on Sunday - good thing...I'd rack up quite a bill buying pretty much everything - esp. the dough!! Great job by all at Perreca's - I think I'll email Guy Fieri:-)
More Perreca's, yes please! I love this place for the crispy yummy wood-fiered pizza! I tried one with their spicy eggs-in-purgatory, prosciutto, and fontina cheese. It was a bit burnt in the bottom, but I gotta forgive them, be aide it was still amazingly delicious! I have to try their hot sandwiches next time- they look so good!
Went there tonight (1/20), with a group. Had chicken marsala. To die for? No. Good? Yes. But my wife had seafood purgatory, and gave me a taste. THAT'S to die for! And the place is otherwise delightfu.
The breakfast here is excellent and very reasonably priced. You certainly can't say that they don't give you enough to eat. If you're still hungry after eating breakfast here, see a doctor because there's something wrong with you. I started going here shortly after they opened, and they definitely had a bit of a rough start, but it's a great little place and they've gotten the kinks pretty much all worked out. I'm a fan.
I was in town for a wedding and decided too look for some local good eats.  Thanks yelpers, you never fail me! More Perreca's was AMAZING!!! Came here with a couple of friends and got to try a couple of things.  The eggs in purgatory were delicious (for those of you who are curious about this dish, it's bread and poached eggs covered in a marinara sauce) and I got the mortadella and genoa salami grilled tomato pie panini.  All I can say is YUM! It was basically a panini made with a pizza.  Great for indecisive people who want a pizza and a panini.   So delicious! I wish we had Perreca's in LA! It's always hard to find good Italian food on the west coast =(
Have eaten breakfast here twice.  They know what they're doing in the kitchen, and the price is right.  I wish they seated people and had a wait staff, though...  They may also have to expand, since they are very popular! The home fries stand out -- very flavorful with a mix of sweet potatoes and white potatoes.  My friend and I joked that maybe they make them with lard, since they're so tasty.   Looks like they are now serving dinner.  The menu appears reasonably priced with many classic Italian favorites.  May give it a try in the future when I'm next in town.
Saturday night special - Veal Osso Buco - you gotta make it for that. The pizza was good too.  Any/all of the toppings and personal size pie - $10. Donna, our waitress was awesome.
Grew up on Parrecca's bread and it's about as close to NYC bread as you can get. It's got a nice crusty outside and nice and chewy inside and as soon as you walk in the store you can smell the bread. I love also buying the oil cured olives w/ hot peppers and a little soppresata and I love having the fresh bread drizzled with oil topped w/ some tomatoes and onions and on the side have a few slices of soppresata and some olives. Mmmmm...I'm making myself hungry. And with the prices that are unbeatable for fresh home made food, you cannot go wrong. And if you're a little hungry as you're leaving, they usually have some tomato pizza on the counter to get a slice. It's as basic as it gets...dough, tomatoes, and some seasonings, but it really can't get any better.
Perreca's tomato pie might be the world's most perfect food.  Their bread is great, too.  I only wish I lived closer so I could go there more, but that would entail moving closer to Schenectady.  That's a dealbreaker.
AWESOME PIZZA!  AWESOME CUPCAKES!  My wife was a Perrecas non-believer (She is from Seattle) and after the cupcake she is now a lifetime fan!
Ohhhh, my goodness! The Muffaletta sandwich and the tomato pie are outstanding. A tiny store front with dry goods, mostly pasta and jarred goodies and commercially made pizzelles. The deli case and the window are where it's at! Piled high are loaves of manna from heaven. Crusty Italian bread with a dense, soft inside. The kind that must be eaten immediately if you don't want to break your teeth tomorrow. Great for bread pudding if it does survive until tomorrow. The sandwiches are outstanding. They were out of the Muffaletta sandwiches but they made one just for us! YUM! Extra points for customer service. Tomato pie is intense. YUM! Think sheet pizza with the best sauce you've ever had in your life. It's so good you don't need anything else on it...ever. Two sandwiches, two slices of tomato pie...less than $12. Oh, yeah! No place to sit. Counter service. Tell them what you want, it goes in a bag, you eat in your car (unless you have enough self restraint to make it to an alternate destination). My only complaint is that it isn't very clear that they sell anything other than bread and a couple of deli salads.  Bread piled, rather haphazardly, in the window, cupcakes and a few deli salads in the case. There is little indication that they will make a sandwich at all.  There is a chalk board and it says "Muffaletta" with no indication that it will come on a sandwich. They have a pannini press, but only two selections. The woman behind the counter didn't really make an attempt to help us out of our confusion, but a young girl came out to help us. There is no sign for the tomato pie. Yes, it still gets five stars. It's that good.
Having had bread from Perecca's on several occasions (and loving it) and some Tomato pie that a buddy brought to work one day (delicious, despite my hesitance to eat room temp, day old pie), I decided that I needed to try the muffaletta since I had not found a good one since I visited New Orleans nearly 20 years ago.     Well, it did not disappoint!  Hallelujah!  I decided to grab a roasted pepper and fontanella sandwich to have for dinner later, and I have to say that it may have been even more delicious than the muffaletta. You can not go wrong with either of these sandwiches. They are delicious beyond description!
Perreca's bread puts all the other so called Italian breads to shame, I mean there isn't even nothing I can compare it to that's how good Perreca's bread is. Their tomato pie is insanely good, I can't get enough of it. Their cupcakes are pretty big about the size of 2 normal cupcakes put together.
This is the area I grew up in.  Perreca's bread is as good as it gets. If I could find a way to ship it to Tucson it would be on my table. I could make a meal of it. Perreca's hot out of the oven and butter!  Outta my way.
A must-visit in Schenectady.  Located in a charming but shockingly short strech called "Little Italy", this bakery is epic.  On top of the bread, which is delicious and amazing, they also make a MEAN italian sandwich, which is worth a try (come hungry for this sandwich).
I dream about this bread from 3,000 miles away. My mother grew up in Schenectady and used to bring this home to White Plains every visit.  We always had racks of loaves of their bread in the freezer at all times and I am so beyond sad that I cannot have this on a regular basis anymore.  Their pizza is also to die for. Not sure if they still do it, but they used to sell just plain pizza shells you could then take home and put whatever you want on it. I happen to like theirs better pre-made and cold, but making some at home with their incredible dough is also great.  mmmmmmmm incredible.
FINALLY!  I've been to More Perecca's perhaps 6 times since they opened.  Some of the food is good - other times, it is inconsistent, or the attention to detail isn't quite there, making the food not succeed as it should.   However, they finally have their Pizza Oven and it is up and running and it is a very good thing for this restaurant.  I went there the other day.  My companion got a turkey sandwich (okay, but nothing to get excited about).  For me, it was a no brainer to order the pizza.  They are supposedly offering a pizza of the day.  That day, it was caramelized onion and fontina cheese.  All I can say is YUM.  The pizza is a "personal" size - not too big, but since I have a dainty appetite, there was some to take home.  The crust was flavorful, thing, with a nice texture that offered some crispiness (I don't like mushy crust) and some tooth.  The pizza was nicely dressed, with a good balance of cheese and onions - just the right amount.  It was served fairly quickly.  In all, I'd say right now their pizzas are quick, delicious, and reasonably priced and a really good reason to visit More Perecca's.
Mmmm... Perecca's! The roasted red pepper and fontinella sandwich is beyond beautiful, the cupcakes are fab, and the tomato pie (do NOT call it pizza) is a tradition. The bread is good too (although I love whole grains and they don't offer much in that realm) and you can probably find just about any imported Italian delicacy there, or they can order it for you. And make sure to check out More Perecca's next door-- they've got a huge menu and a great business.
What a find in Schenectady.  Go there any you will be impressed.
I went there this morning with a friend for breakfast, adorable place. Clean too. I had the french toast  w/ sausage. The sausage looked homemade, the french toast was made with their Perrecas Italian bread. Delicious! The French toast was light and fluffy. My friend had a bacon, egg & cheese on a bagel, it was perfectly cooked and gone in 5 min flat. Will definitely visit again whenever in the area!!
The best Italian bread this side of the Atlantic. Read the review on PeterGreenberg.com petergreenberg.com/b/Off…
Absolutely best crusty bread.  Love the pepper shooters with crushed red pepper too.
I LOVE Perraca's - both the bakery and the cafe next door. The bread and the tomato pie at the bakery are amazing. and the dishes served at the cafe are all top-notch, too. Personal favorite is Eggs in Purgatory. It's casual, it's different than most run-of-the-mill Italian restaurants, friendly staff, nice patio area in the back, and it's reasonably priced.
I can't come into town without stopping for a mufaletta sandwich for lunch.  What a unique treat!  And the service is so friendly.
It pains me to only give this place 2 stars because I really wanted to give it more.  I'm not basing this review on the only time I've been there, as I suspect many restaurant reviews have been, but on several visits.  In the past year I believe I have eaten lunch here 3 or 4 times.   The food is good.  The bread is wonderful, and they find ways to incorporate into most of their lunch plates.  Their paninis are generous and tasty.  Their pizza is coal fired and chewy.  Their cupcakes are the size of my son's head.   The prices are very reasonable. On our first visit, my brother in law asked for a "pizza margherita" which he was told they didn't have.  For those who don't know, pizza margherita is just cheese pizza with fresh basil leaves.  In fact, their pizza would make for a perfect pizza margherita, if they had basil.  That was the first sign that something was wrong with this supposed "authentic" Italian eatery.  No Pizza Margherita but Yes spaghetti pizza. The service is not the greatest.  We've had multiple order errors on our visits.  Nothing huge, but forgetting sides and omitting dishes and then taking 15 minutes to correct the mistake, is.  Also, the annoyed looks the help gives when you call them on their error is a bit frustrating. The layout of the place is a bit off as well.  The menus are only visible from a narrow area between the cash register and a couple of small booths, so logjams form often between those browsing the menu, those waiting to order, those attempting to find a seat after placing their order, those fetching drinks from the soda fountain, and the help attempting to bring orders out to the tables.  A menu outside or in the front would alleviate this problem to a degree.   Will I be back again? Yes, because I do like the food.  It's a good alternative to all the identical bar menus in that area.  I just wish an experienced restaurateur would come in and give them some pointers.
Most entrees at Perreca's are about a 3 or a 4, but the Chicken Marsala is a 5+++! It is TO DIE FOR. My boyfriend loves the lasagna, which is also fantastic. Enjoy the bread!!!
Whenever I go into Perecca's Bakery, I enter for one thing and one thing only. . . the most spectacular and pure slice of Sicilian Pizza.   The marinara sauce is divine, and the bread is perfection.   A flavor medley of wonderfulness is what this slice of perfection guarantees every time I indulge.   I will say. . . the Italian bread is pretty decent too.   There are a multitude of specialty cheeses, meats, olives, and peppers that can be picked up as well.   I have not ventured into the desserts, but hear that you can pick up a mean cannoli too.   This is a delicious taste of Schenectady's Little Italy.   Enjoy!!!
This place is a landmark. The bread is what made them famous but if your looking for a great sandwich or pasta special for lunch this is the place to be. The idiot who said he didn't have his credit card signed so they IDed him is just that..an idiot, the have to see id.
I came here for lunch a few weeks ago on a whim (I was craving a healthy salad) and was not disappointed.   I had a salad, BLT, and Iced coffee all of which I took to go.  The salad on the lettuce was crisp, the tomatoes fresh, and the red onion fragrant.   Perfectly dressed with a light Italian oil&vinegar dressing.   The bread on the BLT was thick and perfectly toasted while the bacon was flavorful with the right amount of crisp.   My iced coffee was large, strong, fresh tasting.    While waiting for my order I saw numerous pizzas go by, all of which looked pretty amazing.   Fast, inexpensive, delicious - what more can one ask for in a lunch spot.
I had heard mixed things about Perreca's sandwiches. I did a taste test today, btwn F. Cappeli's and Perreca's (after already having Gershons and Capri) and I must say that although the Muffeletta was just OK, the Italian Mix sandwich was SPECTACULAR. The bread is undeniably fantastic. However the big surprise was how good the Italian Mix sandwich was. I was expecting less as it looked a little dry, however it was wonderful. In regards to where it fits on the best sandwiches of Schenectady, definitely better then F. Cappellis, which looked like it had some great cheeses and salads, but the sandwich was not good. Gershon's is definitely my vote for top all around deli in the area. However, Capri without question had the best italian mix sandwich and is a MUST if you are in the area.
Amazing chicken Marsala! Eat in or call ahead for take home meal. Nice staff and friendly service. Also, family friendly. Love the new space.
You can't go wrong with this place, and you will get enough food for dinner to take home and have another meal. Lunch is lighter with sandwiches or smaller dishes.  Haven't had breakfast there but I'm sure it's delish...very authentic Italian
Eggs in purgatory!  (Sunny side up eggs on a bed of spicy ragu with toasted Italian bread).  Enjoyed it on More Perreca's sunny outside courtyard last weekend. Awesome.
I wouldn't even give Perreca's restaurant one star. By far the worst breakfast and breakfast experience I've ever had. First we wait 35 minutes AFTER we get our coffee to even place an order. Then after another 30 minute wait we received our "food." The french toast was soggy, as if they dunked it in water before cooking. The "fritatta" was simply scrambled eggs with cheese and enough grease to fill a hybrid vehicle. The under seasoned (or not at all seasoned) display of "italian home-fries" had an enjoyable piece of HAIR that came with it. Coffee was nice and luke warm, if you enjoy that. Lastly the "home-made muffin" was as good and moist as a Jiffy box muffin. Do yourself a favor in the morning and make your own breakfast or even Denny's would have a more enjoyable meal.
Had breakfast at More Perecca's this morning. The food was delicious and worth the wait (it was a full house on a Sunday morning) The prices were great and our waiter was a hoot. We will be back and look forward to trying dinner soon.
I've had their cupcakes - again and again. Delicious cake portion, and frosting the way it should be. The red velvet and vanilla flavors are hard to beat! Get there early in the day or they might be sold out.
Absolutely the best bread in the universe!
75 miles from home, I stopped for a cup of coffee at the bakery. I also grabbed a sfogliatella to take home.  I had never heard of this Italian pastry before.  Anyhow, when I got home and tried it, I deeply regretted that I had bought only  one and semi seriously contemplated making the 150 mile round trip again to get another.  Unbelievable and worth a detour.
Stumbled on this place while visiting Union College...  Food and service were both good....  Would definitely go back
Reminded me so much of my grandma's cooking.  Warm, cozy and clean restaurant.  Our waitress was a doll.  Red wine served in small juice glasses.  Old school baby!  Penne with garlic and escarol made me weep.  Eggplant Parm light and delicate.  Can't wait to go back.
I was skeptical when my husband recommended that we have dinner at a Bakery that has a cafe.  What a great surprise.  This place was fantastic and really reasonable.  I got a white pizza with carmelized onions, mushrooms & italian sausage and my kids and husband kept picking at it.  My husband got the chicken marsala and it too was fabulous.  Our kids ordered from the kids menu and the portion size was perfect (not too big which is what usually happens at restaurants).  We had two nice glasses of wine for a very reasonable price.  Love the atmosphere - very kid friendly.  The owner came over and introduced herself.  She told us that her grandparents started the bakery in 1916!!  I love that there is a family owned business that stayed locally.  We'll definitely be coming back to this place and spreading the word to our friends!
Went on a Sunday with my husband after going to Proctor's. We were able to be seated right away ,but after that the line was starting to pile up,we got there just in time. Got a great bottle of wine for a pretty good price to start. I got the spaghetti and meatballs and my husband ordered the Penne al a vodka. We decided to get simple dishes to test them,to see if they could pass. I always say if you are an italian restaurant and can't make a proper marinara then you should just close your doors and hang your hat. They Passed!! Sauce was fantastic. Pasta was perfectly al dente. Salad was fresh, but sadly on a Sunday the bread was stale/day old and I had been raving like a lunatic about how good it was. Shit, they could of warmed it up at least. I did like the old timey,Brooklyn feel and also how you can see the kitchen and chefs at work. The place was very clean and homey :) We will certainly be going back,on a Saturday this time though,so we can get the fresh bread.
NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM Amazing brunch and breakfast. A college staple.
Great lunch, worth the stop went with a group of 3 we all enjoyed
The pizza is really, really good.  The sandwiches have way too much bread, and although the pereccas bread is good, its not outstanding.
