A little gem. Brunch goes until 2pm, which is awesome. Their Sangria & Bloody Mary's are delicious and generous sizes! Service was great- super friendly! Atmosphere is so cute, like you are in another town and place. Omelet look small but they are jam packed! New favorite Sunday Brunch place!!
My boyfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday for a quick lunch, and were very satisfied customers. It's a quirky spot with fun decorations in the middle of Jay St. I got the New Yorker sandwich (roast beef with sauteed onions and cheese + some sort of horseradish sauce), and it definitely hit the spot. My boyfriend got a some sort of sandwich with lox and veggie on pumpernickel. I'm not a big salmon fan, so I didn't try it, but he was happy with it! We didn't try any drinks on this visit, but they seem to have a nice selection of drinks (alcoholic and not). My only con would be that the restaurant smelled a mop bucket/cleaning solution when we came inside. My boyfriend didn't notice though.... and my nose got used to it pretty quickly. It didn't prevent me from enjoying my meal!
Went here for Sunday brunch today. I got a delicious mimosa (could've been colder though) and the Jeremy's Package sandwich - grilled turkey, cheddar, apple, & cran pesto on a super soft pretzel bun. I got it without the tomato and bacon, and added fresh spinach. It was really good. I'd get anything on that pretzel bun. It's always hit or miss when I come here, so it's hard to write an overall review. But based on today's visit, I would come again. And I always enjoy their soups. Our waitress was the sweetest. We used the $15 for $30 Yelp deal and there were no issues.
awesome! came here for my friend's birthday. I love the quaint, quirkiness of the decor as well. Drinks were served in mason jars. I order the brie, raspberry turkey sandwich which was out of this world. My friend ordered the pretzel sandwich which was bomb as well!
Good service, fun atmosphere, and great menu.   This is a favorite lunch spot for me.
I've been here two or three times, and the experience has always been pleasant. The decor is unique and interesting, the staff is friendly, and the drinks are quite good. If you're looking for a quick place to grab a drink, or maybe sit for a bit with some food, this is definitely a place to consider. Plus, Jay St is usually wonderful.
Awesome little cafe/restaurant. Was working in the area for a week and walked down to Ambition twice, for a bagel and once for a sandwich for lunch. The bagel was fresh and cream cheese is home made they said. The inside is pretty cool but we sat outside in the sun, on the patio on Jay St which was relaxing. I had the chicken, pesto, mozzarella panini, which I have had better... Not enough pesto or cheese, all you really tasted was chicken. And for almost $9 I was a little disappointed. Over all though, great spot to meet up with friends and have a good bite to eat. Staff was very friendly and helpful when we said we had never been there before.
I bought a yelp deal and they refused to honor it. I will never be back to ambition. EDIT: I feel like I owe the people reading this review the full breadth of my experience with Ambition. I lived in Schenectady all of my life, in fact I once lived on Jay just a few doors down from Ambition, and we used to love eating there about two or three times a week. The menu was hip, everything was always fresh, the place was clean. This was around 2005-2006 Today, while almost nothing has changed, especially the menu, everything feels drastically different about Ambition. The ceiling looks as if it is about to collapse from all of the leaks, the walls are yellow with filth. The campy murals on the wall, once charming now just feel outdated and tired. The cloth furniture in the back is covered in food and coffee stains, the tables are chipped and wobbly, and while I can not confirm it, the food just tastes as if it is made with cheaper ingredients. The tarragon chicken salad wrap I had the day I wrote this review, which used to be one of my favorite foods of all time, tasted old, as if it had been sitting in a cooler all week. I swear that the food used to taste like the chicken was slaughtered and the grapes were picked that morning. Until Ambition completely revamps their image and menu, I have no burning desire to eat there. The issue with the Yelp deal was simply the kicker. When I showed him the Yelp voucher on my phone, the young man said "I am sorry this happens all the time, there is nothing we can do, you need to print the coupon out." He said "maybe you can use it next time, just print it out" I told him that after being redeemed, you only have 24 hours to use the voucher, again he just said "I am sorry this happens all the time" My suggestion: Go to More Pereccas on North Jay, that place is phenomenal.
Best lunch spot in Downtown Schenectady. Great breakfast especially before Schenectady Greenmarket. Try the blueberry pancakes.
I went to Union College and would frequent this place (nestled on Schenectady's bohemian and artsy "Jay Street") often between 2006 - 2008. Once upon a time you could swipe your student card at the restaurant - which was convenient for college kids short on cash. While I am not sure if Union kids can still swipe, I am sure that this place is still very good. Both my girlfriend and I ordered wraps and all the ingredients were fresh and crisp and were delivered to us in a timely fashion. Also, one of the barometers I measure service by is how often the waitor or waitress refills (or offers to refill) your coffee. Our waitress was highly attentive and refilled my coffee several times to my delight. There were no snags with the yelp $15 for $30 coupon (I simply showed her the redemption on my phone) and we enjoyed a great meal for a very reasonable price! I recomend this place to anyone looking for a good bite in the 518. Also the atmosphere is funky/cool and they have craft beers!!!
Just what we wanted for a casual lunch before we visited Union College. Locally owned, delicious sandwich combinations, funky fun decor, attentive service, and fantastic coffee.
Went there for the first time today for a late breakfast and we loved it! Had their french toast with strawberries, croissant with egg and cheese, and a greek omelet. All are pretty awesome! The french toast came with real maple syrup and is amazing. The thing I love most about the place is that they are really friendly and cool! Mark came and greeted us and Kelly was really friendly and helpful. It felt cozy and artistic - I love how all of their cups are uniquely made by a local artist. There are some sofas in the back too. I will definitely come back. My bf actually works from home and considered working from Ambition - unfortunately they don't have wi-fi so it makes it impossible to work from. Otherwise it would be perfect.
What luck! Also happened on a farmer's market in downtown Schenectady on an impossibly perfect spring Sunday. A couple of levains, a tub of goat cheese, the last of the cheese danishes, a cool lavender lemonade, and a preppy & peppy Jazz band, plus four jars of honey from beekeeper Mr. Spear...oh, and a stop for lunch at Ambition: Had the New Yorker sandwich and a crab cake patty with pita. Both were delicious: fresh, ample ingredients with savory condiments. The salad was treated with respect: no wilted greens and no drowning by dressing. Most importantly, the coffee came through on its promise, it kept its rich, dark flavor long after the ice cubes melted. The bottle-cap encrusted walls, also adorned with Broadway-show posters and vinyl-album covers kept us entertained during the 15 min sandwich wait. The staff were upbeat and friendly even as the place brimmed to full capacity, not to mention a steady influx of take out orders. We had fun, 'twas a good culinary detour.
I would be a cold-hearted bastard indeed if I did not upgrade Ambition to five stars after today's completely awesome birthday lunch for my wife (who had not been there before). This time around, without the weekday lunch rush, we got excellent sandwiches and really outstanding service. We did the Lox 8, a fine variation on the lox-and-veggies sandwich, and the Reuben, which came with dijon instead of russian dressing (which I think technically makes it a corned beef sandwich 8-) and it was top notch. Even the coffee tasted better. Our two fussy fidgety kids were catered to, we got an off-the-menu sandwich for one of them. For my wife's happy birthday moment with dessert, we got some singing and glitter hearts strewn over the table. At the end of the meal, she turned to me and said, "THANK YOU, this is EXACTLY what I wanted for my birthday. My kind of place." That, plus the ghost of Blackboots kept tapping me on the shoulder.
I came here with a few interns because it was reasonably priced and heard it had a comfortable atmosphere. It's a PERFECT place for a low-key meal coupled with the option of quality gelato and coffee. The sandwiches are great- there are tons of options and the wait staff is really flexible about changing things around. Also- pay attention to the specials as they get really creative :)
I was looking for the coolest coffee shop with WiFi in the Schenectady and the non downtown Albany area and Ambition Coffee is what I came up with.  It's hard to describe in words how amazing the Chipotle Club was as the combination of swiss, raspberry-chipotle dressing, grilled chicken, apples, and bacon gave it quite a wonderful twist of savory and sweet.  The what seemed like housemade raspberry-chipotle dressing is maybe what put the sandwich over the top.  It was so good that I wanted to make it back to Schenectady (try saying that three times fast) but unfortunately couldn't make it during my weekend trip to the area.   Tip: they claimed the WiFi is better in the front of the coffeeshop and I can't confirm if it wasn't working well in the back of the shop but it worked flawlessly from where I was sitting in front of the cashier
Today was my first time in Ambition, didn't know there were 2 entrances. which got me confused for a bit, because there was no one there and dark until I peeked into the other side of the wall!! brain fart! but the atmosphere  is nice and cozy, it feels like home. I ordered the Turkey Avocado sandwich came with a pickle and 1 handful of chips, green tea in a baby cup which was about 2-3 sips and it was gone . The portion seemed kinda small to me for the price. It would be a great place to take someone for a date there. if the portions were bigger I would eat there everyday! or maybe I'm just fat and eat a lot ha......
Pretzel bread. Oh my God, they have pretzel bread. And they put apples and bacon and sliced meat, a good heaping serving of it, and spicy mustard, and... Sorry, I'm drooling. Ambition is kitschy, funky, a little loud. The music is lively, if not live some nights of the week, there's a giant disco ball in the narrow entryway lined with booths, all kinds of artwork over the walls... It's a burner's paradise, if you know anything about Burning Man. Just don't take the nudist signs in the back lounge too seriously, or you may get tossed out before you can order. If you're not big on the ambiance, their Italian sodas are delicious with pretty much anything on the menu, because they'll mix you anything you want from the available syrups. Everything is made fresh and to order, and with such a small space, the staff manages to be just attentive enough without hovering. If you're in the mood for a conversation though, they're really great people, too! I'm totally planning on becoming a regular.
A Union College student hangout due to it's proximity to campus, funky decor, and the fact that you can pay with you're student card makes it even better. The food is good and reasonably priced, but sometimes not filling enough. They have tables, but also do takeout if you feel the need. There's also a little chocolate/candy/gelato shop in the front. (this is all assuming nothing has changed in the past two years since I graduated)
I absolutely love love love love LOVE this place. So when you walk it in is this cute, eccentric coffee shop/diner/bar/ice cream shop? alright. loving it already.  Its got pictures all across the wall of different shows that have been to proctors and the casts that has signed them! in awe. So most of the food is pretty healthy, organic, fresh. DELICIOUS. I've had two meals here and haven't been disappointed in the least! the last time I got a black bean burger and it was incredible. The burgers come with vegetable chips which happen to be my favorite, and I could eat an entire plate full..sadly they are not served by massive plate full :-(. maybe that will change. The service was good, the Waiter was extremely helpful, when I said I like sweeter wine he brought a great mildly sweet wine which was perfect. Sometimes I get too sweet wines with that request, this was dead on. Then came dessert, I have zero sweet tooth for anything but wine so I ordered a chicken lentil soup and my friend ordered a bread pudding, also delicious and incredible. hands down, amazing place. I wish I knew about this place when I lived in Niskayuna i would have lived there. At least now I know where to go when I frequent shows at proctors.
Dropped in when I was upstate with my bf. This was recommended to us as a great local spot. The coffee was good, however, I wish we'd steered clear of the special coffees they make with liquors. WAY too sugary! We each had a sandwich and they were ok, a little bland. It's a cute spot and I can see why it's popular I just wasn't overly impressed.
Best thing about this place: Great little coffee house on a great little strech of pedestrian-only walkway in downtown Schenectady.  The staff is friendly, coffee is good and the menu is reasonably priced. Worst thing about this place: Not a late night place, which is a shame - it'd be great to come out of Bowtie or Proctor's and be able to grab coffee somewhere other than the Muddy Cup...like here!!
An awesome stop for coffee and a snack if you are in the area. I had a 2 turned 5.5 hour long layover thanks to Amtrak's wonderfully on-time service... Super friendly service. Tasty egg, bagel, and cheese sandwich ($3.50). Soy latte ($3) was delicious although not incredibly strong. Sumatra coffee ($1.75) was good. The cafe is pretty split between diner, complete with booths & table service (front), coffee shop (small room to the side and back room with couch & comfy chairs), and bar (stools in the middle).
Love the staff, menu, atmosphere and variety. Could ramble on, just go and see for yourself. You will thank me.
This place has great food and a great staff. They are always friendly, even when extremely busy and are knowledgeable about the menu and are quick to suggest something delicious for you when you're new to the menu or just chronically indecisive when it comes to delicious food like I am~! Their soups are delicious! I got the Moroccan lentil soup and it wasn't too salty, which is a pet peeve of mine with soups. (~$5) The Brie My Raspberry is delicious too~
Whether you need a quick cup of coffee to go, leisurely breakfast, "business lunch"... this place will suit your needs. The coffee is fresh and delicious (and available ground or whole bean to take home, I recommend the cinnamon hazelnut), great soups (creamy ginger carrot was fantastic), sandwiches, desserts, and if you time it right get a scone straight from the oven. The staff is friendly and attentive, decor is funky / fun / retro. They did accept my Yelp deal without a problem.
Ambition is what THE COFFEE SHOP was to the FRIENDS Cast. It's your friendly, quirky, comfortable neighborhood restaurant and coffee shop. The atmosphere is cozy, artistic and charming. It's one part restaurant, one part lounge area, one part gift store and one part gelato shop. It's like being in the Village. The food is healthy and well prepared. I"ve sampled their soups, salads, breakfasts and sandwiches and enjoyed it every time. They are well priced and the proportions are right on. Service has been great every time. Stop by the Open Book store next door for great books, perfumes and creative gift ideas! FArrah Nayka Ashline
Best coffee and sandwiches in Schenectady.   Marc's food always perks me up when I'm having a bad day.
Local business = yeay! Owner Marc Renson is an all around decent guy. Go for the great menu and food; the casual/indie atmosphere and cafe are a plus. In the summer, it's nice to sit at a cafe table outside of the shop on pedestrian Jay Street. It's just one of those places where you can get something filling and quality to eat, without needing to worry if you brushed your hair that morning, or if there may be an idiot-obnoxious employee. Good, laid back folks and a business deserving of your dime.
I'm from Schenectady but have lived in Manhattan for almost a decade - Ambition reminds me of spots in Greenwich Village  coupled with a little Schenectady grit. Check out the mention on PeterGreenberg.com petergreenberg.com/b/Off…
I am a native of the Schenectady area and went to Union College in the late 2000s. Ambition is one place that I continually miss now that I have moved away from the area. It made for a great casual dining experience with a small group of friends or family. It was a my go-to place for lunch for many years. The Cranberry Club was easily the best thing they had on the menu, but I was also happy with the Jay Walking and Ragin' Cajun sandwiches as well. Of course, there is always The Ambition sandwish - an amazing pesto, mozz and roasted red peppers sandwich with incredible bread. One last bonus - they serve gelato amidst a collection of pop culture paraphernalia that will have you reading the walls for most of your dessert.
Walking in, Ambition seemed like my kind of place.   A little self-referential hipster-y, but Lynda Carter Wonder Woman regalia in full effect.  The menu, too, seemed really promising - I had a hard time choosing between four differently equally appealing options.  I was all set to fall in love.  There were a number of servers working and empty tables galore. When we sat down, our table wasn't clean.  The person who seated us mentioned it, then the person who took our drink order mentioned it, and then the person who served our drinks mentioned it - all in terms of "I'll send someone to wipe this down."  Finally, someone did, in fact, wipe the table off.  Okay, a little scatterbrained, but it all worked out. We're ready to order.  I order a sandwich that sounded amazing - pretzel bread, ham, bacon, mustard.  So many things I love, one sandwich.  My sidekick orders his sandwich, and asks to customize with bacon.  Our server tells us, oh, we're out of bacon.  Maybe I'm obnoxiously picky, but wouldn't it have made sense to tell us this earlier, or even after I ordered my bacon-inclusive lunch?  If my sidekick hadn't asked for bacon specifically, would anyone have warned me not to expect my sandwich to include it?  I changed my order to the second choice, a pear and brie and raspberry sandwich that sounded equally delicious.  Our friend orders the burger. And we wait. And wait. For about 30 minutes.  Again, there were probably two other tables occupied at the time.  Several severs.  Three sandwiches.  Waiting.  And waiting.  After about 25 minutes, our main server came over with a bottle of ketchup for my friend's burger, but said nothing about the ETA of our food. And here's the thing.  The sandwiches, when they arrived, were actually pretty decent.  They're served with a sad pile of bland tri-color tortilla chips and a pickle, and aren't particularly large, but they have good flavor.  My sidekick's was especially good, and mine and our friend's both scored on the high end of normal.  They weren't standout terrific.  They were not waiting-for-a-half-hour-for-no-discernable-reason good. The takeaway: all style, very little substance.
Tasty and imaginative food at reasonable prices and excellent, friendly service.  One of the best in downtown Schenectady.
I was in town to visit my sister-in-law and her husband for Thanksgiving. I really liked this place. We went for brunch and would have loved to see the scene during dinner. It's chill but professional, funky but approachable. Places like these are what put chains to shame.
I will start off by saying my 2 star rating makes me sad. It's based solely by my one experience here over the weekend, and it was probably partially my fault. The problem you see, was I stood there staring at the coffee drinks menu for about 10 minutes. I couldn't decide. I didn't want anything tooooo sugary so I didn't go with any crazy "specialty" drink. But I didn't want just plain ole' coffee I can brew at home either. So, I asked if they could make me a Mocha (creative, I know). And they very politely agreed. I got it to go since we were on our way just steps out the door to the Farmers Market. (Where Ambition coffee is also featured, Nice). I tried to take a sip after blowing on it for a few minutes and it was CENTER OF THE SUN hot! It burnt my tongue big time. So, I gave it a few more minutes and stuck a straw in to try and stir it and drink from the straw. Guys, It melted the straw! SERIOUSLY!!!! I pulled it out after like 10 seconds and it had holes!!!! So, I blew and blew. After about 15 minutes I took a few sips. Decided it was disgusting, and tossed it. Was it the melted plastic? Possibly. Was it the fact that I ordered something not on the menu? Also very possible. I will definitely give them another shot. My boyfriend got a regular coffee with cream and sugar and his was delightful. So maybe next time I'll go with something a little less frilly. Otherwise, the place was cool and the people were nice. So I hope to edit this review soon and sing a different song. Till then!
Funky diner type with awesome food,  great staf, &very  reasonable prices. Thoroughly enjoyed the pumpkin pancakes (yay Fall!), and the lox bagel.  Yes, I made a pig of myself but well worth it.  Not crazy about the coffee.  A staple spot for this area and will be my go to breakfast spot when visiting.
Ambition is the place I like to take friends to for lunch when they aren't from Schenectady.  The food is always good, the atmosphere is fun, and it's always very reasonable.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the lunch/dinner menu has not changed in the past few years, and as good as the food is, I would like to see some different options too. I always look for something new and am disappointed when its the same menu that I read and ordered from 5 years ago.
The people who work here are very sweet, friendly, and passionate. There's definitely a home or family feel here and the decor is filled with soul. It's definitely one of few restaurants worth visiting in Schenectady.
It's a cool looking place with retro styling and snappy servers.  I had coffee the first time and lunch the second. I have no way of knowing for sure, but I became ill after lunch.  There seems to be a relationship here.  I don't want to find out for sure.
Ambition is one of the best restaurants in Schenectady! And Im not saying that just because its conveniently across the street from my studio on Jay St. Not  only do they have great food, its fun to be there and they support local artists. I love the funky decor. Having just spent the summer in California, it reminds me of the quirky little shops in LA. You will love it. Make Ambition and the rest of the shops on car-free, pedestrian friendly Jay St a must see on your trip to Schenectady.
This place made me fall in love with my GPS.  I found it on a long drive through upstate NY on my way to Canada.  My sister kept insisting that we find "a Starbucks."   It was one of those requests I knew in my heart I didn't want to fill, so I gave the electronic sherpa a few pecks and this place was at the top of her list (on the basis of proximity, but I like to think it was more of a judgment on the car's part).  What a find! The breakfast was delicious -- the people super-friendly, charming, and engaging -- the service great -- the decor crazy and fantastic. Unfortunately, we had to be on our way, so ended up missing that nights performance by "Almost" Cher.  ;-( We loved it so much we stopped there on our way back from Canada.
What can I say? Ambition is like home to me and my co-workers. We go here all the time, as it's our popular lunch spot. The staff is fabulous, always cheerful, fun, friendly and helpful (and totally cute- guys and girls included). The food is good, borderline great, and the decor is funky and eclectic and welcoming. I wish things weren't nickeled-and-dimed so much, but a man's gotta make a living. Great for coffee, lunch, the occasional Cher impersonator spotting, or a nice bite before seeing a show at Proctors, Ambition is a jewel in downtown Schenectady.
I have been going to Ambitions since it has opened and I am always pleased.  The servers are always friendly and happy to please!  I have food allergies and never worried when I go as they are allergy aware!  Thank you for being a small town business with a big TASTE!
Just enjoyed a fabulous lunch at Ambition.  I had their Steinmetz Pretzel with grilled turkey, brie, blueberries, bacon and raspberry compote on grilled pretzel bread.  I've never tasted anything like it... it was out of this world!  I also sipped on a cup of their spicy chai and it was phenomenal.  I try chai just about everywhere I go and this is my new favorite.  Our server Jeremy was attentive and jocular, a nice combination :-)  The only downside to Ambition is that it's a thirty five minute drive for me, otherwise I'd be there every week!
I haven't been here since I worked at GE in 2007, but I loved coming here with coworkers. Their bean burger, while quite crumbly, is delicious. The bun was also really tasty, I hate getting a good burger with a crappy bun. The cafe itself is really cute, and there's also a shop where you can buy all sorts of funky tchotchkes.
Great for lunch when I worked in the area. If you're looking for a cafe that does the whole brie, fruit and turkey thing, then this is for you. "Brie my raspberry" was my go to. Low-key, a little funky and inexpensive. I'm a fan.
Great sandwiches, funky space with lots of kitsch on display and for sale.
What an unexpected find in the middle Schenectady!  The waiter was super cute and friendly, and the decor of the place quite unique.   Food was tasty and great vibe.
Pretty good and standard pancakes and sausage. Coffee wasn't spectacular but enjoyed.
This is the best coffee/little sandwich shop in the capital region. The owner is very hands on with his business. Unique sandwiches, full bar, great coffee and funky decor. This place is an original. Insiders tip-check out the onwers book while youre there and pick up a copy. Great coffee table book.
This has become the #1 stop for everyone working n the movie we are shooting n the area. It is safe to say that the majority of the people have being going here at least once a day for something. They have great breakfasts, sandwiches, salads, soups, everything is reall good. Not only do they have the ordinary a nice turkey sandwich, but they have everything from the crabby marc a grilled crab cake sandwich to a wonderful veggie wrap. The people are friendly, the space is cool (you could drop it in the middle of ft greene or silver lake and it wouldn't miss a step). As usual it all starts at the top, the owner, marc reason is fantastic. Nice guy and is personally overseeing and doing everything, from being in the kitchen to even delivering us food somedays. He has a book coming out in October called IS THIS COFFEE FRESH. Thank you ambition for being here!
A must-do in Albany. Best local spot for coffee in the morning, fresh sandwiches at lunch, and drinks in the evening. The proprietor is a real winner as well.
A hidden gem in Schenectady. Great for a quick bite before the show at Proctor's
Great place to meet up with friends in downtown Schenectady. Good food, good service, good gelato. I'll be back next time I'm in town!
What a great small atmosphere with excellent service and incredible food. This small eatery has a great story with a lot of "Ambition" loved my experience here. If you make it here be sure to buy the book and learn a little something!
Great food, good service, simple options (some local!), and they even have a full bar with spicey bloody mary's! I am a huge fan of this little gem that's tucked into downtown Schenectady. You are greeted by a life-sized Betty Boop, walk into funky, ornately decorated space with old-school booths and fun articles posted at the tables. You can't ask for a more "real" place. A must try!
Great vibe, food and people.
The place for lunch in Downtown Schenectady. Unbelievable creations come out of the kitchen and if your lucky you can see a celebrity. Watch dinners during Proctor's musicals. Avoid State Street overpriced traps.
I returned to Ambition today after having a reasonably good experience the last time but was extremely disappointed. We waited 15 minutes for a table and were finally seated prior to them even clearing it from the previous guests. We ordered drinks and were informed that we could not place an order for 15 minutes because the kitchen was overwhelmed. We agreed to that because we had plenty of time before the matinee but the waitress soon returned and said it turned out they would not be able to serve us at all unless we just wanted drinks and soup. We will not be returning.
This is hands down the best coffee shop in the area.  The prices are reasonable.  The food is tasty.  The staff is friendly and really attractive (can't deny the eye candy).  The ambiance is relaxed and low key.  I go here once a week, and I'm never disappointed.
6 stars if they'd add wifi. Pros: - Superb breakfast. - Excellent coffee. - Wonderfully friendly (and devoted) service. My suggestion: - Skip the breakfast croissant and go straight for the bigger breakfast items.  Our order: - The omelets and french toast (with the goodies) were simply excellent. - Sour dough bread (with the order) was delicious. - Again, excellent coffee. On a personal note, please give this place more business!  I'm not from the area, but I could tell this is definitely one of Schenectady's hidden gems.  The breakfast was one of the best I've had anywhere - and they even fired up the kitchen again for our late order.  The cooks and wait staff were amazingly casual and friendly, in a way that made us as happy to be there as they were.  The place itself is quite a treasure of cool things - my personal favorite being the hand-crafted coffee cups, thrown by a local potter.  Perhaps I simply admire that Ambition is good in concept, design, and implementation - my compliments to everyone there! Cons: - I'd eat there a lot more if I could sit in the corner and work; definitely add the wifi!!
Quirky, eclectic, fabulous. I think these words describe both Ambition's atmosphere and menu. I wandered into Schenectady for a quick overnight stay and read about Ambition on yelp. Great breakfast experience. Wished I lived closer so I could sample the lunch, dinner, and desert options.
I. Love. Ambition! The is one of the few places in Schenectady where you don't feel like you're in Schenectady. The atmosphere is funky and fun, the staff is awesome, attentive, knowledgeable and friendly! The special iced teas are awesome, and the special sandwiches are all so good ... from the Black Bean Burger to the Gambino to Jeremy's Package, Ambition is awesome and you can't go wrong. Don't forget about the gelato!
Had lunch here - got the grilled turkey on pretzel bread with bacon and raspberry compote with slices of cantaloupe. Very tasty . Great service, lots of interesting sandwiches on the menu.  My husband loved the chicken vegetable soup.
I went to college at Union, so I frequented Ambition. SO GOOD. I can't even describe how good their turkey and cranberry sandwich is. I have been attempting to recreate it for years. This place is a GEM in a city of otherwise mediocre restaurants.
Very good sandwiches, although a bit pricey. The decore is trying a little too hard to be hip and comes across as worn and tattered.
Quaint, funky, GREAT service (shoutout to the tiny girl with a face piercing), outstanding coffee and a wide array of handcrafted breakfast choices.   They have really unique food items on top of your standard eggs and toast!  I highly suggest this place if you're in town!  Family owned!
Ambitions is my favorite downtown Schenectady hang out. They have maintained their cool funk factor even amidst all the downtown growth around them. Best coffee ever, great breakfasts as well as an awesome lunch menu and they can even cater to the evening Proctors crowd. Marc does a great job and his staff is awesome.
not bad, not the greatest, a little overpriced for (for what you get at least) so if you're hungry, you may want to get a soup with your sandwich.
