Loved it!! Ask for Alejandro to be your waiter!!
I have found my favorite "real meal" in Schenectady. Typically when we go out to eat, I will order some sort of sandwich. Not that a sandwich and fries doesn't constitute a meal, but do you know what I mean by this? The Tortellini Marotta is out of this world, and may have set me on a path to always chose the item on the menu with the establishments name in the title.  The tortellini was cooked perfectly [there is not much worse than mushy pasta] and tossed with eggplant, sausage, broccoli, and sun dried tomatoes in a marsala and pesto cream sauce.  This is a dish I will definitely be going back to have again. I was also really impressed with the blueberry vodka and soda I ordered at the bar before dinner.  Crisp and refreshing, this was served in a stylish cocktail glass garnished with a thin lime wedge and a bamboo skewer of beautifully bright, fresh blueberries.  The bartender was also super friendly and fun to chat with, without being annoyingly clingy or inquisitive like other bartenders I've come across.
I wish I could give a 3.5 star review. The food was good,  but nothing spectacular.  Prices were very fair. I wish they told us when we made our reservation that there was a limited menu for the entire Valentines Day weekend. The atmosphere was nice,  but very crowded and packed together.  No place to stand at the bar without feeling like you are cramping the tables nearest the bar.
Went there before the theatre.  We were seated outside on a beautiful evening.  There were four of us.  Friend and I ordered and split a pizza and special salad of the evening.  Other guests ordered - pizza and a few appetizers.  The pizzas were delicious.  I definitely would go back.  The wait staff was visible here and there but not attentive enough.  I had to go inside and look for our waitress to get our bill.
Marotta's Bar-Ristro "Tunnel Lounge" Server:  Ashley O Table: 11 Guests The Tunnel Lounge is an addition to the Marotta's Bar-Ristro establishment which was to feature a more "night club" feel with its own separate menu. The following are out of 5 Points. * (2) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. I decided to use their e-mail service to place my reservation due to having a busy schedule. They called and confirmed my reservation to be in the Tunnel Lounge, but alas the person who called put me in for THAT day instead of my desired date; creating a bit of confusion as to where I was. When I arrived at Marotta's I was told that the Tunnel Lounge was closed. I really don't understand why I wasn't informed about this when I specifically asked to be in the Tunnel Lounge. Our server was a bit less to be desired. She completely lost interest in us as soon as we asked for separate checks. You could literally see her smile turn into a frown. Later on in the evening when a few of the guests wanted dessert, they wanted the tartufo that was pictured in the iPads on the tables (which are not updated). Ashley told us that Marotta's didn't have any, but she believed it to be a season item here; however when she worked at the Lighthouse it was available year round. I'm all about ownership, no matter the job I believe we should be all about that job; even when we hate it. For her to tell us about what the Lighthouse does shows disrespect to who she works for and who signs her paycheck. * (4) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. Since I was placed within the Bar-Ristro and unable to experience the décor of that addition, I will simply quote what I said about Marotta's Bar-Ristro's décor from an earlier adventure. "Marotta's is Italian dining. The color palette of the inside can be best described as Tuscany. However, for it to be a hybrid of a bar and bistro you get more of a feel of fine dining." * (3) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks First and foremost, I really wanted to try the Tunnel Lounge's menu. That was the entire reason behind coming. I was told that the menu didn't do well so they scrapped it. It wasn't even open for five months!   For drink wise, I went with a Tunnel Bellini, which supposedly had St. Germaine Liqueur, EFFEN Cucumber Vodka, and Prosecco. (A bellini is a Prosecco wine that has a fruit puree in it.) I didn't taste any of that, what I got was a Prosecco wine with some muddled raspberries. Appetizer I went with mozzarella in carrozza, deep fried grilled cheese. It was good. For entrée I went with crostaceo fradiavlo. It was OK. My fish was cooked well and so was the spinach risotto that I got as a side. * (3) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) Comparing my adventure to this one, the prices are a bit higher and the food portions are somewhat smaller than before. *  (4) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. Everyone is uniformly dressed, but the lighting is left to be desired. Overall Score: 16/25 * () Guests' Opinion - I'm giving my guests an opinion. Before it was my general perception of how the night went. The overall score can be affected by their opinion. If their opinion is positive, it's plus one point. However if their opinion is negative it's minus one point. Below will also be quotes from my guests. "All I tasted was vinegar and red pepper, do they not use herbs?" -1 "I liked it!" +1 "I paid 11 dollars for a salad this small? And paid 3 more dollars for a small piece of grilled chicken?" -1 "I thought the bread for bruschetta was supposed to be crunchy and not soggy?" -1 "It was OK, it wasn't as good as the first time we went." -1/+1 Total Guest Points: -2 New Overall Score: 14 Final Thoughts: As much as I loved Marotta's Bar-Ristro, I've never had such a bad experience before. I find the lack of communication and ownership to leave a lot to be desired. If I didn't have such a large party, I would have taken everybody elsewhere.
Since this place has open my brother has been telling me to check it out.  He has been here a few times and never has had a bad experience, and he said the food was on point every time. We went on a Sunday night and I made sure that I made reservations because my brother said they pack up pretty fast.  As we enter we were greeted by the owner I would assume.  He was polite and sit us right away.  As I counted there was only 2 waiters or waitress working.  Definitely not enough to keep up with the number of guests.  Needless to say the service was affected from the shortage of servers.   We started off with their fried mozzarella, it was alot different that I have had before.  Basically it was a grilled cheese sandwich on Italian bread coated in breadcrumbs and deep fried served with a marinara sauce.  It was different, in my opinion it is too heavy for a appetizer.   Entrees came out and I ordered the Veal Formaggio served with a side of pasta.  My wife ordered the Gamberi Scampi, their version of shrimp scampi.  My dish was nothing like I was expecting, I only eat half of the Veal. The sauce, I was not a fan of at all.  It did nothing to compliment the veal.  The side of pasta was ok, the sauce was on the watery side probably because they didn't drain the pasta enough.  My wife's dish was just weird and made no sense I thought.  Feta cheese has no business being in any scampi.  While the shrimp was cooked properly the rest of the dish I didn't care for, my wife thought it was different she normally if likes the dish will bring the remainder of it home but , didn't bring the rest of her dish home.  Dessert we split a piece of their carrot cake, it was alright.   Over all, I might come back here if I am in the area and try their pizza but I will not make a special trip here for dinner.
The food is terrific. Ordered some seafood appetizers that were very unique and delicious. The entrees were very tasty, vodka rigatoni with sausage was great. The service however is suspect. The waitress did not write any of our orders down and got most of them wrong. Forgot a bunch of things and didn't know much about the menu or how to be a proper waitress. I'll give her the benefit of the doubt and say she was new but she did a poor job. But you come to a restaurant for food and that deserves 5 stars
A serious snafu almost derailed my first Marotta's experience. I made a reservation for a party of 9 during Restaurant Week. When we got there, we weren't in the book and the place was super crowded. The staff bent over backwards to fit us in, and eventually found our reservation written on the back of some random sheet in the book. Our server was attentive and friendly. The menu was diverse and appealed to all dietary needs in our group. The crabcake appetizer was ok, and I really enjoyed my chicken scalloppine and pasta. The marinara had a surprising spicy kick to it. HUGE portion too; I had leftovers for two days! The iPad on the table was distracting. I see the value in looking at dishes before you order, but something was up with the wifi because the menu just didn't work. Kids probably enjoy Angry Birds :) Great service (despite the reservation mixup), good and decently-priced food, nice ambiance. Will definitely be back.
I went here once and my lasagna was frozen like an icicle on the inside.  The waiter was very nice and brought it back to be heated up.  It was delicious.  He also gave us a free peach cobbler dessert which was really good.  We like Marotta's a lot.  We'll be back.
Definately an upgrade on Upper Union, which seems to be becoming the restuarant district in the City that lit and hauled the world. Starting at the bar, they can make a classic Mahatten. Wine selection is decent, but we are not in NYC. Andrea is a talented and classy bar tender.  Had Veal Oscar, was very good, but the veal was just a tad overcooked. They make excellent Rosoto and a good  French onion soup, the rye bread in it  didn't help  The Prime Rib was about 3.5 stars, very good, but I've had better in little places in Ohio.  Augratin potatoes had extremely too much parm cheese and few potatoes. Then there was desert, the Turtle Cheesecake was lovely, a almost 5. Could have skipped the Price Chopper canned whipped cream and done the real thing for a 5+. All and all, decent very good experience, a 3.5. It's not a wow, but it is nice. I'll be back This review was originally written February 14, and filtered out.  I'm putting back.
As always, ever-companion and I tried a new place; new for me, as my partner had already been there once.  On this busy Saturday night, we were greeted by Yusef, our former favorite at The Epicurean.  He sat us at a high top near the bar. Our server was clearly still getting the hang of the pace and menu of the restaurant. Our first choice of a wine was apparently not in stock (King Estate Pinot Gris  Oregon).  We ordered the Pighin Pinot Grigio Italian as a replacement.   Yusef thankfully jumped in and retrieved our bottle of wine from wherever it had been lurking, patiently awaiting it's delivery to our table (15 mintues after we ordered it). We ordered the mussels fra diavlo as an appetizer to share.  They were absolutely delicious and one of the best fra diavlo sauces we had ever experienced- spicy without being overbearing! Fresh tomatoes in the sauce were a very nice touch! Our entrees were equally delectable . My veal dicaprio was succulent, tender, had nice flavors of fresh peas, proscuitto, mushrooms and roasted red peppers.  The madeira reduction was smooth and neither cloyingly sweet nor too bland- a perfect balance! Ever-companion's veal saltimboca was also tender, the white wine demi sauce smooth, the spinach adding a very fresh flavor! We passed on dessert. Interestingly, I've read other reviews on Yelp that the prices at Marotta's were high.  Actually, I found the prices to be very affordable compared to less-worthy restaurants in the area. You get an amazing quality at Marotta's that I haven't found at many other places- and at a good price.   The restaurant seemed to have too many staff all running back and forth- covering indoor tables as well as the outdoor patio customers.  There didn't appear to be rhyme nor reason to what tables staff were assigned.  I also felt as if the servers going by with dishes would one time spill their contents on us, as there was little room between the bar and the high tops. Also, the televisions above the bar do little to enhance any ambiance. We paid the bill, said thank you and good night to Yusef, and left.  However, our server followed us out to our car as I have inadvertently left my credit card with the bill.  Our server is getting the hang of things-and he will do well with more experience!
Marotta's is decent, but calling them fantastic is a bit of a stretch. When you walk inside the restaurant, it's definitely a sharp-looking place. It might also catch your eye that there is an iPad at every table. That iPad is a pain in the ass, however. When I went here the first time, some kid was playing annoying YouTube videos on his table's iPad with the volume cranked. The restaurant staff did nothing to intervene, so it persisted until the table next to said kid told his parents to put an end to it. The food is not fantastic. It's not damn good. It's average at best. I wasn't impressed at all with their red sauce. The food also took an unusually long time to make it to our table, even though the restaurant wasn't that busy. If Italian is what you're looking for, there are a lot of better options in the Capital Region.
I have found a new favorite in the Italian restaurant category!! For starters, I'd like to say that, for a restaurant that has only been open for three weeks, I never would have guessed this at all.  A lot of the quirks that you'd expect of a place that had just opened didn't seem to be a problem for them.  Good job on what I assume was a lot of good pre-opening preperation.   I do agree with one of the other yelpers who had said that it would be nice to have a hostess, as we were seated by the bartender, but that was totally fine by us because she was nice and acknowledged us within the minute of our arrival despite her other duties.   The place itself has a nice feel, the owner did a nice job with the tile work and ambience.  The kitchen is absolutely beautiful and the iPads on the tables is a nice added feature.  I found the atmosphere to be comfortable, not stuffy in any way, but nice to where this is a great "date nite" venue.  I didn't find it to be overwhelmingly loud, although it was a Thursday night and I do believe college is out, so we may have missed that component.  Our waitress was nice and attentive to when we needed a refill on our cocktails and made sure that we were satisfied throughout our meal. The kitchen does not only look nice, but the products that come out of it are a work of art as well.  The cook uses nice presentation and the food tastes just as great as it looks.  I'd started with little neck clams in the lemony garlic butter sauce.  It had great flavor and was paired with a couple of pieces of grilled flatbread for dipping, a nice touch.  I mean, who doesn't enjoy dipping some yummy carbs in a sauce like that...  I then had the Sorrento, which was a version of veal parmigiana layered with prosciutto and roasted red peppers topped with mozzarella and marinara.  It was absolutely delicious.  My fiancé had the salmon dish in a lemon sauce with capers, artichoke, and spinach over risotto that was equally as good.   Prices are reasonable for a nice night out, especially considering the quality ingredients that are being put into the dishes.  Aside from the entrees, they also seem to have a nice selection of pizzas, which my fiancé and I cannot wait to go back and try!   After our meal, we couldn't help but express our excitement about this place to the bartender who initially sat us and this was when we learned that they had just opened.  We couldn't believe it!  She introduced us to the owner, whom we had observed in the restaurant throughout our visit.  Kudos to him and we wish him the best of luck with success in the industry.
The food was absolutely amazing. I have lived in the area for about three years now, and have been poking around at different italian places. Each one is good, serving huge portions. However, Marotta's was different in that it was just really delicious and not overwhelming. It was different from any other place in Schenectady. Really amazing delicious food that was not overly expensive. The Melanzana Fortezza is a must have. (Had it as my entree)
It's a REALLY good, legit southern Italian place.  It's better than the one I went to growing up.  Solid, well made and delicious food, which is well designed and delivered. I've got nothing to criticize.   It would be nice if they could charge less, but frankly, you get what you pay for. Absolutely delicious.
I actually was supposed to meet for dinner at Cafe Nola's next door and it happened to be closing early. We saw how packed Marotta's was so thought to give it a try. Excellent! It was slammed and the service was fast and the food was great. Very nice staff, cozy atmosphere, and a must to try. I've already returned and will definitely go in the future!
Really, really enjoyed my meal here. Everything that we ate was delicious, I particularly liked the appetizer - whose name I can't recall just now - that was basically a deep-fried mozzarella grilled cheese sandwich, it was awesome, I could eat it all the time. Good customer service, enjoyed the pizza, and generally would love to go again - provided I have a big appetite that day!
Really great food.  Knowledgeable, attentive, friendly staff.   Very good selection.   Marotta's definitely merits another visit.
Ordered two pizzas, both of which were very good. Sat outside, ordered beers. The service was fine (not super-attentive, not MIA either). Two personal pizzas and 4 beers came to $50ish.
For the price, this was rather disappointing. I didn't care for the red sauce, and the veal sorrento was really heavy but my husband and son did like their fradiavlo and gnocchi. The calamari appetizer was not cooked crispy and was so chewy I had to force myself to swallow.  Also chintzy on the bread.  Won't go here again.
The food isn't bad but slightly overpriced for what you actually get but the service is HORRIBLE!! First time I went here was for a late lunch and the place was empty so I expected to be in and out...nope took forever. Not being one to give up easy I just tried it again for dinner about 6 months later. It was peak dinner hour so we expected to wait and we did just that.  Seated right away, waited 10 minutes for the waiter to show his face, another 5 for drinks and to put our order in then 45 minutes for apps! On top if the waiter didn't take my order right so I had to wait another 20 minutes just to get the right pizza. 2 1/2 hours later dinner was done and we received the check and I was surprised to see they had still charged me for the wrong pizza! I'd rather spend my money somewhere else
I have gone twice to this restaurant in the last 24 hrs! Loved the salads and pizzas - not very fond of the desert. Only had wine, really looking forward to trying drinks there in the future. Love the decor and bar. Service was mediocre for dinner, excellent for lunch. Will be returning again.
Food is awesome. Servers are efficient and friendly.While its quite loud, I think that's part of the charm. Lisa & I both love this place. It's just a really warm venue for spending a relaxing evening.
Delicious homemade pasta. Beautiful venue with plenty of outdoor seating. Our waitress was excellent. She recommended delicious dishes and drinks. Service was fast, even for a busy Friday night.  Would definitely pick Marotta's over neighboring restaurants. I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was "solid" but nothing that necessarily blew me out of the water.
Wow!
Ordered a drink on the rocks and they charged an additional $1 for the ice. You have got to be kidding me.
While I found the restaurant to be rather small (my friends and I were seated in a small corner next to the bar and the front door), this restaurant makes up for its cramped environs by having a wonderful selection of Italian foods.  There is an iPad at every table that allows you to view a picture menu of what Marotta's offers (along with a traditional paperback menu).  My friends and I decided to split some appetizers and a wood fired pizza, instead of going for the higher priced entrees (which also looked good).  We tried the calamari, which also included some fried hot peppers for a change.  Also had a pomodoro pizza, which was also good.  I'd definitely go back, and maybe try some of their pasta instead.
Absolutely fantastic Italian food! We've driven past this area of Schenectady several times and one day noticed that a few new places had moved in. So we parked my car in the abandoned lot on the corner and first walked over to the new Bier Abbey (which is a different kind of fantastic) and then we popped into Marotta's Bar-Risto next door. Upon viewing the menu, we absolutely had to try it out, and we were NOT disappointed at all. The wait staff was absolutely fantastic. Hip, mature, attentive, and very friendly. But the food is where Marotta's stands out. The atmosphere of the place is pretty nice. Everything is newly remodeled, there are optional iPad menus to play with, and the music was light and relaxing. My only minor complaint is that there were televisions behind the bar, which can be horribly distracting, but then again it's really hard to find a place without them these days. The restaurant also had a very mature old Italian meets new Italian feel. And it should be noted that there were also no children around. Not that kids would not be welcome, but like many nice places in Manhattan or San Francisco, I got the feeling that unruly children would be greatly frowned upon as it would diminish the "cool feel" of the place. Now for the great part! Upon sitting down, I ordered a very unusual and delicious Blueberry Mojito, and then opened with the mussels starter which was absolutely amazing! I loved the Mojito's subtle blueberry flavor mixed with mint and have officially stolen the concept for my selfish purposes. Sadly, I heard that they removed it from the menu due to it's lack of popularity, but I was still able to request one the last time I had dinner there. As for the mussels, the broth that they were served in was so good that there wasn't a drop left and I highly recommend it. On another trip there, I tried the calamari and it was equally delicious with a nice spicy kick. Then for my main dish (twice now), I had the ricotta stuffed rigatoni with meatballs, and it has knocked my socks off both times. But to be fair, everyone we've brought there to dinner has had nothing but good things to say; whether they ordered cocktails, fish, steak, pasta, or from the pizza menu. And the one time we had dessert, four of us shared a fried cheesecake with vanilla ice cream plate. It was so appalling that we felt obligated to finish every last bite to rid the world of this yummi abomination.  =) All in all, Marotta's is one of the best Italian places in the Albany Capital Region. I highly recommend you check it out before you can't get reservations anymore.
damn good italian food and a delicious manhattan from the bar. also good service. marotta's provided a perfect blend of fine dining + bar atmosphere by showing the ALCS game but playing dinner music to compliment the cuisine. both dishes sampled had a more modern take on traditional recipes and were really tasty.
Went on a Saturday night around 8:30 without reservation, they were very accomodating, and seated us pretty quickly. Food and service was very good. Try the stuffed rigatoni very good. I am pretty picky, this place was good..
Food: excellent Atmosphere: pleasant Prices: reasonable Service: excellent and personable This is a small restaurant and it was busy.  The only complaint: too cold sitting but the windows.  Suggestion: ask for a table away from the windows.
Good food. Hit or miss service. First time I visited, a week or two after they opened I had a great experience. Prompt seating, attentive waitress, delicious pizzas and pasta dishes. Each visit since then has had its issues. Once they lost our reservation, we ended up having to wait 30 minutes or so before being seated. I wouldn't usually mind a wait but it was someone in our party's birthday and it just took away from the experience. Another time we tried to order food to go, ended up being put on hold for 30 minutes before we finally gave up. Tried to call back again and it was busy. I will probably eat there again as the food is really good, but I hesitate to take a guest there as I am unsure of the quality of service I will receive.
Delicious!
Very good meal, reasonable prices, good atmosphere, we will for sure go back
This was my third visit.  We started with a arugala salad with goat cheese and dried cranberries.  One of the best salads I have ever had.  Large and very filling.  The bread is very good with dipping oil.  We ordered an arugala pizza with cheese and proscuit (spelliing), both were non-existent.  They through a lot of arugala on top that was suppose to have balsomic vinegar on it ( none).  It tasted like eating cardboard with some greens on it.  Waitress brought us some dressing but it didn't help.  What a waste of fifteen dollars .  My other visits were much better.
We have eaten there now 3 times and the food and service has always been great.
Went here with friends for dinner, service was a little slow (it was a busy night! and they were nice too!!) but the food was delish! great Italian food!! I got the pasta primavera with tomato sauce. vegetables were cooked well, as was pasta. had fun with friends, definitely coming back!!
