Pros: - Sushi is fresh; I'm picky and I think they are too. - Jackie is friendly, even to customers who don't deserve it. - The "bonus" taster items are always fantastic. Suggestions: - Hibachi salmon bento and Beef bento boxes are good (lunch). - Grilled squid is delicious (though I feel bad eating such a beautiful creature) - Grilled fish cheek (if it's even on the menu). - Again, sushi is good quality. Cons: - Sushi portions are not the most generous, but quality makes up for it. - It's true the staff can be awkward at times, more cordial than friendly. - The tea is not my favorite, sometimes a bit weak. I just read a 1-star review complaining that the owner (I'm guessing Jackie) is friendly in a fake way and that the sushi portions are too small.  Okay, so they don't drop a filet o' fish onto a chunk of rice - big deal, order one of their other excellent dishes!  And about the staff - While the staff can be peculiar at times (seemingly due to language and cultural barriers), they are always polite.  And Jackie is the most polite of all.  I've witnessed painfully a few obnoxious customers who think it's their place to walk in, give him a hefty backslap, and then go about shouting at him as though he were there b1tch.  He puts up with these people rather well, and for those of us who aren't buffoons, he stops by (if he has time) and explains how he prepared the dishes -- in great detail and with a lot of pride.  The only thing we can't figure out is why someone so talented didn't take off to the big city.
Best sushi in the Capital region. Friendly, efficient staff. Great food. My kid's favorite restaurant. We all love this place and recommend to all of our friends. Two thumbs up.
I must start by saying that I have never eaten here. I have had free delivery. I have been very happy with every order. Quick and delicious. I have had a few rolls, mainly cooked ones with shrimp. I have also ordered hibachi dishes- steak, shrimp, chicken. The sauces that come are exactly what you expect if you were to dine in at a sushi / hibachi place. The veggies are fresh the steak was tender and had the slight taste that you look for when you eat hibachi.  I am not a frequent diner, but have ordered about five times in the past 2 years and have never been disappointed. for our last delivery my 11 year old daughter and I split the sushi and hibachi for dinner and had enough for dinner for one more evening, including the sauces.
I ordered take-out from here and it was very good.  I had order the pai thai and it was delicious.  I have not yet tried the sushi but I intend to come back soon.  I highly recommend the place!
Ok. So I mostly give positive reviews and only really give a negative review if the place was exceptionally bad.  I have eaten here about a dozen times, gotten sick from it twice, and felt jipped by there delivery service every time I've ordered out.  I just paid $40 for two soups and two sushi rolls.  The soups were good.  The sushi rolls were not so good.  11 pieces of sushi for approx. $25.  Rip off.  It wasn't that great and the quality sucked.  I do not mind paying good money for good food, but this place is ridiculous.  This was the last time I eat here.  I have given it so many chances because I wanted it to be good, but I was disappointed every time.  GO TO MARI'S!!!
My wife is a sushi snob, so trying a new sushi place can be scary business.. she 100% approves and LOVES this place! We have had sushi all over the world and this is the favorite.. the lion king roll is bomb.com
Ahhhhh, Mr. Wasabi. A jewel of Union Street. Let me preface this by saying I do not eat meat or fish, so this review will deal strictly with Vegetarian Rolls. I've had it eat-in and take out. Pick up and delivery. In every way, it is delicious. Eat-in the decor is beautiful, the service is fast and efficient, and the food itself is always fresh and well made. Delivery is fast and easy. They've never had a problem finding my house (most people do) and the food always comes tasting just as fresh and warm as it does when eating in.
Angry Dragon roll was great! Super fresh fish but Once again another sushi place with no belly tuna?!?! Small place but makes for super fast service!
I was told it could take 45-60 minutes for delivery and I found that acceptable as it's Saturday night, but they showed up at my door in a little less than 30 minutes! The rolls were delicious and I will definitely be ordering again in the future!
Pleasantly surprised by the good sushi options and ambiance in Schenectady while visiting a friend!
3.5. I spent 2 years living in upstate NY and haven't found any decent sushi places except for Mr. Wasabi. The rolls are a little smaller for the price than I'm used to in big cities but I was pleasantly surprised. The servers were always pleasant and the rolls were pretty good. Ended up coming here atleast 5x while living here to get my sushi fix. 3 stars but bumped to 3.5 because I wasn't able to find another sushi place in the area that is good.
don't know if there's new management or they're just  more concerned with opening their new place downtown but service has gone way down hill...long wait,s indifferent waiters, no free desert or appetizer for steady customers...won't be back anytime soon
I love this place!  The service is friendly and fast.  The food is fantastic.  We ordered a lot of different things and everything came with perfect timing. First, they brought us something from the chef on the house.  Cold tuna steak slices with a sesame glaze.  Awesome start.  Then came our Miso Soup which is exactly what you would expect, warm and welcoming.  We had the Money Bags for an appetizer which we had not tried before and we agree they are incredible!  A new favorite.   For our main dishes I ordered a Dynamite Signature Roll and a yellowtail hand roll, my boyfriend ordered Sauteed Chicken Noodles, the Salmon Skin roll and a la carte yellowtail.  Everything was so fresh and full of flavor.  We were not disappointed in anything we ordered.  Obviously we ordered more than any person needs but all of this came to just under $60.  VERY reasonable and SO worth it!!
Don't let the goofy name turn you off -- this place is the newest and a most welcome addition to Schenectady dining.  In fact I'd say it's the best sushi I've had in the Capital District, though I haven't yet tried Saso's in Albany, which gets high praise. I've been for lunch twice -- the miso wasn't as thick and flavorful as I'd hoped, but the sushi was really good.  1st off, the portions of fish were generous -- the rolls could use a bit more rice, but it's usually the other way around, so I can't complain.  2nd the fish was *fresh*, buttery, smooth, without the slightest hint of fishiness.  3rd, I tried the spicy salmon rolls, which is usually a good test -- I've had spicy salmon / spicy tuna elsewhere that tasted like it was doused in a mixture of Russian dressing and tabasco, but this was subtle and well-balanced -- I can't quite place the flavors, but they didn't overwhelm the fish.  Service was great, decor is casual but stylish (esp. compared to most of Union St.) Update: went for dinner, had gyoza, veg. tempura, edamame, miso, tricolor rolls, unagi nigiri, hamachi sashimi, mango mochi, & sampled compatriots' grilled tofu & green tea ice cream tempura.  Everything was excellent, fresh & freshly prepared. They've got a new menu in the works, too, coming on in the next few weeks.  Right now it's a pretty conventional take on sushi / Japanese food so hopefully this will expand it a bit. The only real downside to this place is that they don't have a liquor license.  Hopefully they'll get that sorted out in time to have hot sake for the winter.
My business adventures in the Capital Region was all great in exploring the many restaurants from yelp reviews till today... my execs asked me to go to dinner with them and I was dreading the ideas of heavy sauced italian subpar food.  Luckily they asked me where I wanted to go and told them to give me 5 minutes to think about it. In one minute, I was on Yelp and typing in Schenectady.  Mr Wasabi jumped out as the only option that had good reviews in addition to not being battered to heck.  With this dinner, my confidence in Yelp reviews was restored from yesterday's mediocre dinner at The Point. Travelling here was interesting as this little commercial area is BURIED in suburbia.  It's not like the main road where it's all business but most of this road are actual houses.  The signage to this place is nearly non existent.  it's almost impossible to find this place.  If it wasn't for my never lost system in my rental, I'm sure I'd be in Albany or the river at this point.  Anyhow, this restaurant is fairly small but super clean.  They had 2 very attentive wait staff and there was a fair bit of traffic in and out throughout the night.   We were an active, loud, and vibrant table of 5.  Yes, we were "THAT" table.  The wine flowed and there was never an empty glass.   We all ordered a sushi or sashimi entree with seaweed salad.  A complimentary nanuto roll started our meal on the right foot.  We were served all the dishes in a good pace.  They were nicely plated with artistic flourishes.  The pieces of sashimi were all fresh and they were cut very cleanly.  They were great portions and nothing was ever chewy or funny tasting.  In the sashimi dinner, it had the usual standard fishes... salmon, tuna, white tuna, red snapper, mackeral, and fluke.   So how did it stack up against Sushi Tei and Mr. Fuji?  I would say the fish quality is just a bit better than Sushi Tei but not as good as Mr. Fuji.  The service is about the same as Mr. Fuji.  I wouldn't necessarily come back here but I feel that if I'm ever in the Schenectady region, this would be one of my top choices for food. Thanks Yelp for another good recommendation!
The food is good, service is even better. All the dishes are well prepared, although some of the rolls come drowned in sauce and I would prefer to savor the flavors of the sushi and not the syrup. Anyone looking for a good meal at a reasonable price can stop in for consistency.
This is the best sushi I've had since moving to the Capital Region!  I got the Hawaii Roll (the sweet chili sauce is just hot enough for me) and the Fantasy Roll (crunchiest crunchy tuna ever).  The Nikko Roll, a special with mango and kiwi on top of crunchy salmon is an odd combo, but it works! I'm already planning to go back next Friday :)
I really love this place. It's my favorite in the area. The first time I went to this place, Jacky (the head chef) came to greet me. After that, every single time I visit, he came to say hello and always told me what's fresh and what's special today. I love how they can make food out of the menu and the food is AMAZING! Every time I go they would give some sample dishes just to try. The staff are also very friendly. I sometimes even go just by myself for a treat on Saturday afternoon. Definitely a solid 5 star.
Stopped here for lunch on two occasions over the past two months because it is down the street from my new dentist.  I had different experiences. The first time I dined at Mr. Wasabi, I was in the mood for Japanese fare.  I ordered the shrimp tempura appetizer, which included two large shrimp and a selection of vegetables.  It was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  I followed the tempura with an eel and avocado hand roll and some salmon and eel sashimi.  Delicious! Very pleasantly impressed with both the food (freshness, quantity and presentation) and the service.   I decided to return, and was disappointed with the Thai cuisine.  Their version of the Tom Kar Gai (lemongrass coconut soup) was boring, and the Pad Thai was even more unexciting. The bottom line is, if you decide to eat here, stick with the Japanese food and skip the Thai.  I'd rate this a 3.5 star if I was able to do so.
I was told by a business associate about a "great sushi bar".  I had been to Mr. Wasabi and didn't like it from the get go.  The owner is falsely friendly and wants to chat me up about my life, my business and my day.  They're none of his business.  Serving me food should be his business.  He doesn't do that very well.  The food always takes too long to prepare, the sushi is always too small and the taste slightly off.  The fish is fresh, but not high enough quality as far as I'm concerned.   I have eaten here at least five times and simply stopped going back. I I've found better locally in every way.
i have been here a few times, on dates or just rolling solo. I believe they switched owners a year ago maybe? but the place was remodeled a bit. The portions are OK for the price but not to expensive. I have gotten to know the cook there and come to find out that we're like born and raised around same area (overseas). Which is awesome, but other then that there are some waitress that hover over you which makes it a bit uncomfortable.
Mr. Wasabi is good stuff. It's not perfect, but it's enjoyable. I only wish it were closer to my office, but it's still worth the drive. I've been here a few times and never have had a bad experience. This review in particular is based on my last visit, which is also the first time I've ever actually eaten there. Previously, I'd just gotten take-out. The first thing that I found very striking is the quality of the interior. It looks very nice and it's comfortable. The service was prompt and efficient. While we had a "main" server, we were assisted by others who would notice that we needed something if our main server was busy. I like that because it shows an effort by the restaurant to make sure that you're getting the attention you need. Service was at a good pace. It wasn't too quick that we felt we were being rushed, and it wasn't too slow that we felt we were forgotten about. It gave a good time for my group to relax, enjoy our soups and socialize. Ignore the shitbird naysayers like Bill E. As evidenced by the significant positive feedback on Mr. Wasabi, it's well worth checking out.
I went on a Sunday for lunch, which was great because the majority of sushi places aren't open on Sunday. I didn't expect it to be bustling, but I was the only one there for quite a bit. Which brought a little bit of an issue - while I love fast and prompt service, I also like to relax and eat my food without being stared at from six feet away. In fact, I ate my first piece of sushi without soy sauce, and actually had the waitress ask me if I didn't like soy sauce. ???  I do, but I didn't want to on that piece. It was a little intrusive and I felt like I couldn't just relax. Other than that, the food was delicious. My soda order is always a Coke with no ice and a lemon - not very difficult but still complex, and if a place puts ice or forgets the lemon then I usually get a little worried about the rest of the meal. But no, this place got my soda order perfect. The miso soup was also perfect. Now for the sushi, it was a sunday so they didn't have a lunch menu, and I was a little disappointed because I wanted the sushi and sashimi combo, but I had to settle for just the sushi one, which was four rolls, chef's choice. It wasn't the end of the world, but I was a little disappointed. I didn't say anything about it though. Imagine to my surprise when it comes out (beautifully presented by the way) and it has two rolls and eight pieces of sashimi! Which would have been the combo I would have ordered. I don't know if because it was the chef's choice he "chose" to do that. For me, it was absolutely wonderful because it is what I had wanted. For someone else it may not be, because they might have wanted exactly what they ordered. Your mileage may vary. In summation, I really enjoyed the food but I think I would go back during a time when  I knew it was going to be busy. I definitely was a lot happier midway through my meal when a couple came in to eat.
Not a bad restaurant. If I want sushi, I'm more likely to go to Zen on State Street, but for an option on Union, Mr. Wasabi has a decent selection of "standard" Japanese fare.
I love Mr. Wasabi, I always have. There was never one time where I had a bad experience, so this makes it a redemption on my part because I haven't been there in a long time. Server: Alan Table: 8 Guests The following are out of 5 Points: * (5) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. I first called them a week in advance to know I was bringing twelve people, and they were OK with it. I then called the day of the adventure to let them know a couple people backed out at the last minute and they continued to be OK. No matter what issue we through at Alan, he was excellent. I will not stress this enough, because we had a Mr. Wasabi newbie who asked many questions and then at the end we asked him to separate the check for us. Alan, you were the best. That's all I can say! * (5) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. Everything about Mr. Wasabi breathes Japanese from the ambient music being played, wall decorations, and even the place mats. * (5) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks When I sat down, I ordered sake because I knew that's what I wanted to drink. I got myself a bottle of Sho Chiku Bai Nigiri sake. It's unfiltered sake that has the look of milk, it's delicious. I also knew I was going to be ordered a lot of food since I didn't eat that much today, so I started my order with Rock Shrimp, which are tempura shrimp with a spicy mayo sauce. DELICIOUS. My entrée was Sushi and Sashimi combo and it came with a choice of salad or soup. I picked both and upgraded my soup to their seafood soup. DELICIOUS. The entrée, which is a variety of both sushi pieces and sashimi pieces. DELICIOUS. As a side to this I picked the Golden Age roll which can be best described as a light and delicate roll with my own words. If you want something a bit heavier in terms of food, you should pick one of their signature rolls such as the CCC Roll. Finally finishing up for dessert (Yes, I had dessert) I picked Tempura Ice Cream with Tempura Banana. *  (5) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) It's costly. Understand the art of sushi making before you really past a judgment when you look at the prices that many sushi chefs spend years mastering their technique because they feel they are considered worthy of working in the kitchen. * (5) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. Japanese cuisine is always presented beautifully; I am truly eating with my eyes as well as my mouth when I dined tonight. The staff was in uniform which as you've read from my other reviews is something I consider worthy. Overall Score: (25/25)
Found this little gem based on Yelper recommendations on a rainy night in this college town. The authentic crispy tempura and warm Udon soup took away all the chills and satisfied both the tongue and the stomach.
Underwhelming
This is by far my favorite place to get sushi in the capital district. Where else do they deliver sushi and offer coupons?
Heiheibonbontaru sushi and hohoemashii service, with kinokiita tempura, miso, and fried rice, yoroshii but not odorokubeki overall. Alright, translation into Amuhricuhn. First off, we're coming from California where Mr. Wasabi would be considered just another sushi / Japanese joint and priced accordingly. Perhaps it's unfair since there are a far larger number of sushi places (outnumbered only by taco stands; you can get sushi at baseball parks!), but I think within the overall North American market an apples to apples comparison is within bounds here, so take it with an appropriate grain of salt. We *liked* Mr. Wasabi overall but it's a very weak four stars (or an extra strong three stars, if you prefer) based on a few things which I hope are not interpreted as nits or snobbishness. The nice parts first. Service was super fast, as was the delivery to our table - we came just a bit ahead of the rush, and perhaps our mewling child was an incentive for them to get us the hell out of there as quickly as possible. In any event, that was good. They were also nice and attentive although I have to say I was quite surprised at the "sloshiness" of the service -- literally, in that water delivered to our table was sloshed on the table (twice) in their haste, and the plates were sort of thrown boarding-house style over our arms. Very preemptory and VERY un-Japanese. That was odd. As for the food the good parts first. The tempura was done perfectly, and doing tempura right is difficult. The seaweed salad was ample and quite tasty, not too sweet or too salty with just the right bit of umami. One of our junior members had the shrimp fried rice, which on the one hand was quite delicious - the coating seems to be based on a fish stock. The portion of fish and "extras" (veggies) in the dish was more in the Japanese style than American, meaning they were small, with an emphasis on the rice. And the rice - for the tempura bowl, the shrimp-fried rice, and the separate sushi rice -- was extremely well-done. And now for the bad news. The sushi was phoned in. First off, the cuts were not done in the classical style - they were sliced (looking like with DULL knives judging by the edges, which for a sushi chef is like the Pope reading Penthouse), and the cuts were narrow and long. This meant more overlap on the rice on the long ends than the little curl you get on the sides with well-done sushi (which makes applying shoyu and wasabi a lot easier when done properly). The seaweed roll on the chef's selection was, well, crumpled! And the quality of the fish was very pedestrian - I realize it's early spring in upstate New York, but if you're going to charge full-boat prices on the sushi, you have to do better on the fish quality. Maybe it's because we ordered the "Sushi Dinner" as our sampler, and they are figuring it's a "beginner's" plate? We will try the higher-end specialty rolls next time and see if they do better. But highly disappointing. As for value-for-experience, again, this is priced very high relative to what we're accustomed to paying in our previous life ($18 for a 10-piece Chef's special) especially for the sushi. Ambiance is dark but a little noisy (maybe it was just us) relative to the light level and the decor is unremarkable. I haven't been to too many sushi bars that had a flat screen blaring ESPN2, though. Service - three stars (four stars for friendly/attentive, two stars for rushing and being sloppy) Non-sushi food - four stars Sushi - two stars I know this should technically average out to three stars, but I push it up to four on the ineffable, undefinable issue that we were happy when we left. Call it the umami of restaurant reviewing. We'll update when we've been back a few more times.
My friends and I agree this is the best sushi in the Capital region.  Great, never old tasting, never still partially frozen.  Service is quick, prices are reasonable, and their location on Union street is cute.
Their sushi is amazing! Some of the best we've ever eaten. We stopped there every time we're up in the Albany area and we've never been disappointed. The staff and service are excellent. The portions are generous and it's well worth the trip!
Since my original 5 star review in July 2013 there have been some unhappy changes.  Went there most recently yesterday and noted that the past few times I've gone, their portions seem to be smaller, and the amount of fish in each roll is reduced at least by 25% - alot of rice, and not much fish.  What was there was good, but honestly, not what it was. . .  Very disappointing.    . . .What happened???
I checked out this restaurant with a few friends who were wanting some sushi.  We were greeted by the friendly waitstaff in what is a nice, dark atmosphere.  While we were waiting for our orders, the server brought us a complimentary serving of sashimi to share, which I felt was a very nice gesture.  My friends ordered sushi, which looked very good and probably tasted just as good.  However, I ordered the pork katsu, which I was not overly impressed over and I doubt I'll try the next time to go to Mr. Wasabi.
I was in the Schenectady area from out of town and was looking for something relaxing with good sushi.  Mr. Wasabi to the rescue.  I was there for seven days and ended up eating there twice.   Service was great, the food was fantastic, and the first time I went they brought me something I didn't even order just to try.   Highly recommended. The people working there care, and you can tell.
Best sushi around.  Ordered the maki lunch special, food was plentiful and was VERY reasonable.  Service was very quick.  Parking was available directly in front of the restaurant.  Definitely worth a try.
The portion sizes for their sushi are comparatively smaller and they charge the same price.  The quality of their ingredients was just average.  Overall, not a place I'd come back to for sushi...
So happy to have sushi in the area.  I prefer going for lunch because you get so much more for you money!  Rock Shrimp App is delish!!
Love Mr. Wasabi for lunch, dinner and take out.  They now have a liquor license and I do believe are participating in Schenectady Restaurant Week through Feb. 6, 2011 with a value laden prix fixe menu $20.11.
Excellent quality food... :) Absolutely delicious...
It's a cute place.  I've had better.  But it was all right.  The sweet potato sushi (which isn't sushi at all - but for wimps like me) was all right.  I had a thai chicken dish, which was also OK.  The waitress forgot my salad, and I didn't remind her, because I didn't really want it anyhow.  It's a cute place though.  My friend liked their sushi a lot. ( I wouldn't know since I'm a wimp) and they go here a lot.  So maybe check it out?
I usually order takeout but have eaten inside a few times too. Either way it is one of my very favorite sushi spots in the area and always excellent. The rolls are small but super fresh and tasty. They have interesting combos like the miami and hawaii roll which I can't eat enough of. Very affordable too, its easy to fill two maki fans for forty dollars.
Sushi is okay. Good service. Their kitchen hibachi food is not so good compare to other hibachi restaurants. However I love their spicy tuna dumpling!
Sushi is okay. Good service. Their kitchen hibachi food is not so good compare to other hibachi restaurants. However I love their spicy tuna dumpling!
Nice place.  I had the Angry Dragon.  The spicy tuna didn't have much of a kick, but it had a very nice flavor.
I love this place!!!  The staff were very attentive and Jacky was so friendly.  I highly recommend this place for some good Japanese food.  The kani salad was a great way to start followed by the Dynamic Roll.  Yum!!!
We've been a few times & have always left completely satisfied!  The staff is very attentive & friendly and the sushi has always been fresh & delicious.
Not up to par.... We visited Mr. Wasabi the day after Thanksgiving.  So perhaps our experience isn't typical.  However, we were disappointed.  Their rice was very dry, their fish tasted fishy (fresh fish shouldn't), and their rolls were poorly constructed.   I really don't like giving a restaurant in this area a poor review because Schenectady needs all the businesses it can get but this place was such a let down.   Perhaps if it weren't the day after Thanksgiving it would have been better, who knows...
Best sushi ever!! I love this place. The staff is friendly and the food is excellent.
