Delicious! Fried chick peas in truffle oil; yum Bistro salad too plain by itself but great Dijon vinegar être, and with tomatoes and onions added. Crispy shrimp purses with sweet chili sauce; I wouldn't get again but were not inedible or anything. Lovely Julia helped with a few tastes of wine :-) Yummy Cab Sav by Carmenet
We went with a big group for dinner before a show at Proctor's Theater. Everybody thoroughly enjoyed their meals. I had the salmon dish. It was excellent. The menu is quite limited but what they have is fantastic. The buildings appearance is a bit deceiving. It definitely needs and update but inside is quite nice. The waitress Nicole was great. Highly recommend it, it's only drawback I'd say is its location.
Visiting from Boston with my dad, he asked if he could bring me to a nice local restaurant for dinner. Well, I never pass up a good meal, and we hadn't seen each other in a while, so I left it to his discretion to pick the place. I arrived with my boyfriend and met my dad and stepmom at Cella Bistro around 630. My dad had made a reservation, but the place was barely half full. I didn't take this as a sign about anything, though; it's a Thursday night, it's a bit later in the evening maybe, it's not on the main strip. But it looked homey. It's got a nice flow and color palate, and overall I liked how it feels in there. So we take a 4-top just behind the wall between the bar and the dining area, and I was surprised that there was no draft or anything of the sort. The wine selection is impressive and the menus are presented with a very personal flair. My dad's been a lot, as it's one of his favorite places, so I was impressed to learn that the menu clipboards actually have laminated copies of the owner's wine notes. It's quite interesting to read and each board is different, it seemed. The options themselves are fairly routine - a chicken, two fish, a steak and a selection of salads. We started with two balsamic salads and the calamari. The salads looked hearty and tasty. The calamari was served in a weird, round bowl with a single set of chopsticks, plenty of shredded carrots and a golden sauce. It was tasty at first, but toward the end the sauce had collected in the bottom and made the last a bit gross. The entrees were all spot-on, though. Paired with a nice white wine, my steak was tender and a solid medium-rare, with a good amount of pink in the center and a crisp char. Asparagus was great, but I wish they had given me more greens instead of french fries. Those were seasoned well too, but they just didn't match the plate. Dessert was amazing. A rich chocolate spoon cake and an Irish cream cheesecake slice split between four people was a great close. I loved this place. The waitress was phenomenal, conversational and helpful. Food came out at a good pace and everything was satisfactory. If I lived nearby, I would consider it in the future.
First time and will definitely be back.  Place was packed but service was on it and daily tapas menu had awesome choices.  Favorites of the night were the Utica Greens and Fried Clams.  Items were selling out quick off the special board so recommend and earlier dinner on a Friday night if you want all the options.
We ALWAYS love this place. Went again last night, 2 nights after Thanksgiving, and loved it just as much. For those previously bummed off about not being able to get tapas in the dining room: you can, now.
The reason I traveled across the country to upstate NY, was for my great aunt's 90th birthday. Yep longevity is in my genes and I'll be eating burgers until at least 2070. For the grand family gathering, we all came to Schenectady. And in that city with the silly name, we ate at Cella Bistro. There were over 30 of us who took over half the restaurant that night and they were most accommodating. They started us off with cocktails, wine and mountains of snack that we were barely able to polish off. For me, the highlight of round one was the best vodka collins I've ever had. No idea how they made it but it was awesome! Somehow they got a perfect head of foam on a drink I've never seen with a head. Of the food, the herring fillets and mini pork sandwiches stole the show. yelp.com/biz_photos/gQnB… Once everyone was stuffed from eating, we took our seats and awaited our preselected main courses. I chose the salad that had bacon and the lamb, medium rare. On a side note, I think we only had two people serving our entire party and they were on point the entire night. They took care of us so well and made everyone feel at home. When my lamb arrived, I was in awe of the sheer mass of the portion size: yelp.com/biz_photos/gQnB… It was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The three pairs of chops rested atop the best polenta I've ever consumed. I fear I'll never be able to enjoy Trader Joe's pre-cooked polenta logs again. I had a bite of my sister's beef dish and was almost wishing I ordered the prime rib, but not quite. After everyone was properly stuffed again (I was beginning to feel like a duck on a foie gras farm) we did the birthday cake thing, sang and were all merry and in high spirits. Then they brought out the dessert platters. Piles of Italian pastries full of creams and caked with sugar. And gods bless them, cannolis! And not just one kind but four different varieties of my favorite treat. I was in a carbohydrated heaven. But I loosened my belt and went to town. When it was all said and done, there were no official casualties but most people were seen limping out of the restaurant. If I ever happen to go back to Schenectady, Cella Bistro will be on the top of my list of places to return to.
I must say that my worst restaurant experience has now been had. Last night, I took a group of 12 people back To Cella's after a lackluster dinner a few weeks back. It was a Friday night, and the restaurant was not busy. I am beginning to understand why. The waiter did not honor our desire as a table to have separate checks. At the end I could understand why: there was a 28% gratuity added with sales tax and they overcharged our table's individual's credit cards for additional money. When we asked to speak to a manager about the hassle, she came out and was very rude and unaccommodating. There is nothing like finishing a meal with friends to find yourself stressed out at the end of the meal. Why they weren't more accommodating to make 12 people walk away feeling listened to is beyond me. On the food side, things were presented ok but there was a delay in getting salads and drinks out quickly. The menu is overpriced for its portion sizes. I just was completely unimpressed with the attitude of the restaurant, the slow service,  and the overpriced menu. Needless to say, I've given up on Cella's Bistro. During a recession, you just don't want to throw money away and walk away stressed out.
We had reservations for a party of 10 last evening. Parking is terrible, way up a hill on a side street but that can be overlooked. When we arrived there was no hostess to be seen but we found our group in the back room and seated ourselves. Walking past the bar, the bar area was large and inviting. Our waitress was pleasant and attentive but only up to the appetizer point. Once we had to sit and wait for over 2 hours for our dinner, she avoided our table. I am not blaming her for the apparent lack of organization in the kitchen but stopping by the table to offer apology, refill water glasses or take more bar orders would have been the expectation. One member if the party finally spoke to the owner, who only said they were really busy. Mind you by the time we were served 2 1/4 hours later most of the patrons were gone. It was obvious from observing others tables that they too were frustrated with the horrific service. My complaint is 99% about the terrible, slow service with no interaction from management or the chef to at-least come to our table, it would have gone a long way in appeasing the party. The atmosphere itself is lovely, modern, tables nicely spaced and in the back room where we sat I was able to converse with little difficulty. The menu for entrees is limited but certainly easy to find one to your liking with 3 fish offerings, a beef, duck, peppers and  2 pasta dishes. Our table tried some appetizers, salads and a couple of tapas. The French pear infused martini was tasty but a bit skimpy in amount compared to our friend who ordered a grapefruit flavored martini that was delicious and filled the glass correctly. We had the seared day boat scallops with mushrooms that were cooked to perfection and delicious. I had the cod and my husband had the grouper. My cod was somewhat overcooked and dry (no surprise after waiting as long as we did). It was also barely warm so obviously some entrees had been sitting for an extended length of time, as others at the table had the same issue. Husband's grouper was also slightly overdone but hotter. The food tasted amazing and therein lies the dilemma. The chef is obviously talented but somehow expediting the meals was a huge issue and really negatively impacted on the experience. I think a large party was hard for them to manage but small tables seemed to have a long wait as well. I would like to try again with a small party of 2 and see if the service is improved as the food was delicious and the ambience of the restaurant very nice. Most disappointing was the lack of concern from the owner over the poor service.
A friend suggested Cella the other night and girlie and I needed a little romance so we gave it a shot. It's located in kind of a strange place, all by itself on Rosa road. I parked near someone's driveway and was afraid I might get a ticket or towed and moved my car when a new spot opened up. The inside is a delight with warm colors, brick and wood.  It feels thoughtful, planned and loved. We were attended to several times and waited briefly at the bar before being seated in the backdining room. I had heard the tapas were very good, but you can't order them in the dining room, and were were given the option to sit out in the bar area again. We declined and ordered entrees instead. Our waitress was a delight, friendly and personable.  I had my heart set on scallops and while it was not on the menu, they made a nice entree out of an appetizer just for me. Girlie had a wonderfully prepared salmon dish, and a fresh baby spinach salad. Both excellent. Everything was very fresh and comes from a local farm. I love when places are willing to change their menu according to ingredients  available by the season, and support local farms. The prices were a little high, but given their attention to detail and local produce, I felt it was well worth it. To the Soul goddess: Has your soul grown dark? Will food and service make you pure and whole again? Even he gods need to break bread with mortals occasionally.
I have only been to Cella's twice, but both times have been decent. The first time we sat in the back and ordered off the main menu. Our waiter was very friendly, and timely in his attention. I had the roast duck which was perfectly cooked - the mashed potatoes w/ goat cheese were ok, but a little too rich for my taste. My mom had the pasta w/ mushrooms and she said it was overcooked (which from the appearance I wouldn't doubt). My fiance had the steak w/ pomme frites. I tasted the steak, it was done perfectly med. rare - well played. Last night my fiance and I went after visiting someone in the hospital next door and were famished. We decided to try the tapas menu and it was absolutely fantastic. We actually had everything that was on the menu except the nuts and cheese. The order was brought out super fast (well it was after 8pm and there weren't too many people). The waitress wasn't very attentive though and once a table of four guys came in it took us well over 25 minutes to get our check. Overall it's clear that the food here is really well done. The tapas is a bargain IMO. My fiance and I had tons of food with a glass of wine each and the bill was under $50. Great ambiance and terrific food make this one of the better places to eat in Schenectady. *update* My wife and I frequent Cella's now. We usually go every other friday. Nicole the great bartender/waitress always greets us extremely warmly. Sometimes it's not the quickest service between getting drinks on a busy Friday night, but Cella's is the kind of place to go when you don't have to be anywhere. Upgrading to 5 stars. One note is that parking here can be kind of an issue. The lot in front is almost always full, the best place to park is the residential street next to the bistro, though you'll have to go to the end of the street an turn around (it's a dead end) as parking is only on one side.
Since I'm still on my hiatus from California,  my family and I went out to dinner at Cella Bistro the other night. This quaint restaurant, located in Schenectady, focuses on "New American" cuisine, and offers both a full plate menu, as well as a frequently updated tapas menu (updated so often that it is only able to be viewed on two chalkboards located on the walls of the restaurant's bar). I really enjoy going to Cella Bistro because of the atmosphere. In Schenectady it can be more challenging to find "trendier" restaurants, but I would put Cella Bistro (and Aperitivo) in that category. We made our way into Cella and chose to sit in the bar area where the tapas menu is served. After being seated we were given menus and had our drink order taken. One thing I will say, the service isn't the best, so if you are looking for a restaurant where they bend over backwards to please you... this is not the place. In fact, at times the waitress is down right rude... I say waitress because every time we go we get the same woman. Also, Cella doesn't have an individual tapas menu, so sometimes it can be difficult to read what they are, depending on where you're sitting. All the being said, we looked over the menus and with cocktails in hand were finally ready to order. My dad ordered the Bouillabaise for his dish. This was a traditional bouillabaise, and came with white fish, lobster, clams, scallops and mussels. The flavor of the soup was nice, and the claims were tasty. My dad said overall he enjoyed it, but was underwhelmed at the amount of lobster (just one small claw). My brother's friend Ben decided to order the calamari. It was crispy calamari, fried in spices, and served with a side of lemon-caper aioli. I enjoyed this dish, and liked that it was paired with an aioli instead of a red sauce. I would personally prefer a lighter breading, but the overall dish was satisfying, and a fairly large portion for an appetizer.I ordered the tuna carpaccio. This was thinly sliced tuna, drizzled in olive oil and cream sauce, topped with capers and greens. I enjoyed the flavor of the tuna, but something about this dish was slightly off putting to me. I think that the portion was much more overwhelming than I had anticipated, and the pool of oil it sat in added a heaviness to the dish. I think this dish would be much more successful if the fish had been drizzled with the dressing and oil instead of swimming in it. One of our favorites at Cella Bistro (well my mom's absolute favorite) is the fried chickpeas with lime. This is a great thing to order as an appetizer for the table, and can be extremely addictive... it's like their version of a "chips and salsa." My mom ordered the fried collard greens as one of her tapas. They were fried and served in a very simple presentation. The flavors were clean and we enjoyed the crunchiness of the greens. This dish doesn't really stand out to me, but it was still tasty. My mom and I both ordered the goat cheese and artichoke spring rolls. The shell was nice and crispy, however I found the goat cheese slightly overpowering (as goat cheese tends to be), so it was hard for the other flavors to get through. I'm not sure if I would order this again... It wasn't bad by any means, but it just didn't really wow me. Also the sauce that accompanied it was runny so it was hard to get any on the roll.My brother ordered the fried wonton shrimp, in a sweet chili sauce. The shrimp were lightly battered and coated with wonton noodles and then fried to perfection and served with a sweet chili sauce. This is a fun plate, and the sauce goes nicely with the shrimp. Overall we enjoyed the flavors of this dish. Lastly, for dinner, my mom and I ordered Venison with fingerling potatoes. The venison was really good but the potatoes were practically raw. This dish would have been amazing if the potatoes either hadn't been on the plate or were cooked. Finally, my brother decided to order dessert.... and in my brother's words, "My second favorite lava cake I've ever had." If you knew my brother, you'd understand how huge a compliment this is. Jordan does not mess around with dessert. All and all Cella Bistro is a fun place to go if you're looking to get drinks and maybe a few apps, but if you are looking for a truly satisfying dinner I'm not sure if I would recommend it. Although I enjoyed what I ate, I have gotten much better meals in the area. If anyone visits Cella Bistro please send me your comments about what you thought of it! theloveofpasta.com
Probably the best place going in Schenectady.  A solid $20 wine list, Anchor Steam on tap, tapas, great rack of lamb & mahi mahi, and attention to detail all around.  I haven't been in a while but I thought they should start to establish a presence on yelp.  They deserve it. update 12/07 - they do keep it cold in here....bring a sweater.  I had to keep my scarf on through dinner -- which was characteristically excellent. 3/08 - docked it a star b/c the last two times I've been here service has been disappointingly slow - felt a bit understaffed.
Nice place with very good food.  The service was too personal, but efficient and professional.  The wines were inexpensive and broad based in type and origin. The pate was really very good.  The soup/noodle, chichen, scallions was good, but not exciting.  The asians do it better.  The chicken with stuffing was really very good. In all, it was enjoyable and the food and service were too. The noise level is truly too high and the owners could correct it simply and add a lot to the experience. We need to go back and see if it's better or the same.
This is on of my favorite restaurants in Albany area. Nice dinning environment, a very friendly waitress. Food was nice prepared. A good dinning place.
Came to Schenectady for a friend's wedding and found this cute little town with lots of hidden gems, including Cella Bistro.   The fiance and I wanted to have some drinks and tapas, the night before the wedding and Cella Bistro certainly delivered. We had a bottle of sparkling wine, a hummus flatbread, the chickpeas, the asparagus and egg, and the beef rib.  All of the food was delicious and the service was excellent! Everyone was super friendly and asking us about our trip up here and why in the world we were in Schenectady if we were from Los Angeles! The flatbread was super yummy, the chickpeas were good (but I wish they were crispier), the asparagus was okay (something I could make at home), and the beef rib was very tasty (with their home made BBQ sauce).   If I were back in Schenectady for some odd reason, I would probably come back and enjoy more tapas!
Exactly what I was looking for. Cute, good prices, very friendly atmosphere and a great menu. Perfect Friday night. We enjoyed the tapas menu, and perfectly chilled white wine. I didn't love the fondue but the bread that came with it was amazing. So fresh. I will be returning for sure. Other reviews mentioned the service not being great, we sat at the bar and the service was great.
This was the perfect place for a great meal before a show at Proctors. We had an early reservation, and the restaurant was surprisingly full (probably all show-goers!). The service was professional and attentive. The beer was cold, the wine was tasty and well-priced, and the food was really good. We had an escargot appetizer which was great - hot, buttery and creative. I think it was a special. My wife had a very nice bolognese - the only improvement could have been the pasta itself. It looked like "Barilla" bowties or something along those lines - not bad, but maybe a fresh pasta would have been better. I know that restaurants often leave pasta water on all night, so later dishes are much better having been cooked in deeply-starched water - as such our early reservation could have had an impact. Overall great. I had a delicious and perfectly-cooked duck over (blue?) cheese mashed potatoes. Nice flavors and textures. Overall really a nice time - we were happy to find this family-owned gem in Schenectady and will be back.
as a food snob who has lived in san francisco for the past four years, i was very, very, very pleased to discover this gem. as mentioned, the $20 wine list is great. they had a beet salad special which was solid. i ordered the duck with goat cheese mashed potatoes (heavenly) and fresh green beans while the lovely lady across from me (my mom) ordered the salmon which came with a pumpkin risotto cake. everything was great except for the risotto cake, which was a bit bland and tasted like fried. the decor and ambiance were fabulous, and the service was impeccable. granted it was late on a tuesday, but i got a very good vibe from the staff. sigh... i get the feeling nobody will ever read this and cella bistro will never get the attention it deserves...
Mistakenly, we had made reservations at another restaurant before a show at Procters and thought the reservations were at Cellos.  We were running late and anxious to eat. After calling the other restaurant to explain our situation, we decided to stay. Cellos was booked for the evening, but the owner/ bartender and staff offered us the bar.  The food was excellent, especially the tapas. Sitting at the bar was an experience. The owner/ bartender kept us in stitches. I would recommend Cello Bristo without reservation (sic).
I love this place and go there a lot.  The bartender actually knows my drink order at this point, which either indicates my regularity there or a problem. They are a little weird about tapas in the dining room.  When they opened, you could order them in there, but I think they had issues with people ordering those and no entrees, so now you can just get them in the bar area.  So I usually sit at the bar area.  The upside is that there you can get anything at all that they serve, and the service is usually really good. The tapas are almost uniformly delicious.  If you like cheese, you'll love this selection.  They serve a huge hunk of cheese with just 2 or 3 slices of bread though, so if just doing tapas, I usually get the bread service too.  The fried chickpeas are a fantastic bar snack and come served in a paper cone like french fries.  The asparagus with truffle oil and egg has been deconstructed and prepared in my home, but I still order it there.  The tortilla is my hands down favorite when available. Of the other items, the salads are rarely what a normal person would call a salad.  There is the warm-mushroom salad which is a large, lightly cheesy, tomatoey, mushroomy, delicious mass on top of about 3 leaves of lettuce.  Amazing, but not a salad.  The potato cake salad is similar.  Delicious, ordered every time it's on the menu, but NOT a salad.   Entrees are usually well prepared, and they're pretty receptive to changes if you want them.  My husband wanted the steak from one entree but the sides from another, and they were happy to make the swap for him.  I have fallen in love with the bolognese - best I have had in this area or maybe ever (the stuff at Creo was SUCH a disappointment after experiencing this).  There is also usually a veggie selection that is more inventive than pasta - lately it has been a poblano pepper with a rice and bean stuffing and a manchego cheese sauce.  Spicy and yummy. Overall, it's a little quirky, but the atmosphere is great, the staff is usually really accomodating, the tapas are a bargain!, and the food is always either good or amazing.
Cella has some of the most full-flavored foods I've ever eaten. Richly mixed tastes, like truffle oil with asparagus and egg, or deep-fried garbanzo beans with lime juice and cumin-- PERFECT. The restaurant features a full menu in addition to an ever-changing tapas menu. The environment is a bit varied-- the front of the bistro is louder and vibrant, suitable for lively and loud parties (like my own), while the rear of the restaurant is quiet and suitable for smaller and more reserved parties. Come here with friends, family, or a date, and enjoy the wonderful food.
Too much quantity, not enough quality. Tapas portions were huge making up for the fact that the flavors were mediocre. Mussels were full of grit. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place. If this is the best Schenectady has to offer, that's sad. The atmosphere in the place was great, the food, eh.
Was in Schenectady for an extended business trip and found my way into Cella Bistro one evening.   It was a weeknight, and not very crowded as I arrive late.   I had a few small plates and everything was well prepared and very flavorful.   I sat at the bar and the bartender was tied up talking to some guests at the other end and did not really tell me anything about the menu/specials although it was clear I had never been there before.   Overall this was the best dinner I had on my trip and I recommend it to anyone with some time to spare in the area.
In summary, the food was good but it took a long, long time (3 hours - 1 hour to get our appetizers and 2+ hours to get our dinners) with no real explanation but a lot of apologies.  They gave us free drinks & desserts but we really just wanted our food! We went there for my birthday and took my two kids 9 and 18.  Friends had told us it was slow so we expected it to take a little while.  It was mid-week and the place was busy but no one in the side rooms.  We got there at around 6 p.m.  We ordered pretty quickly.  My son & daughter split a calamari and we got salads.  We waited and waited.  They brought bread but the kids were getting hungry.  Finally the appetizers came.  We noticed at the same time people who came in around the time we did got their dinners.  So, we put it down to the calamari taking awhile - who knows why.  It was only breaded calamari.  But the kids loved it and we finally had food. Then the wait for dinner was on.  We had ordered steaks and fish - nothing takes an hour to make.  The other people who came in around us were still waiting.  The waitress brought us more wine - on the house.  She asked if we'd like free desserts even before our dinner had come!  I asked if there was a problem and she kept saying it would be out shortly.  The desserts were really good and we took them home.  At that point we just wanted out of there! The food was good but I've had much better that took a heck of a lot less time.
I was fortunate enough to come here for a business dinner once and have come back as often as possible since.  The food quality is simply amazing, no other way to put it.  I'm something of a French Onion soup fanatic and the bowl I was served here is the best I've ever had in my life and I've had it all over the world.  The ambiance is also really nice- do yourself a favor and check this place out, it's one of my all time favorite restaurants.
Have been back twice, food rocked.  Movin' on up in my world.
Loved the variety and creativity of the menu at this unusual tapas restaurant. Have not had the "fine dining" option, but tapas were terrific! Service was great on both visits.
An excellent family run restaurant that appears to be in the family for several generations. Friends at my son's school (Union) recommended this and they were on the money. Every dish my wife son and me ordered were excellent.  My wife had  a seasonal autumn pasta dish, my son had a grilled steak and I ordered some stuffed peppers.  All were excellent. I wish we had room for appetizers and desert, but we'll be back.
Overall great dinner experience. We had the artichoke spring rolls and the insalata fondita. Both were delicious! The dipping sauce with the spring rolls was very tasty. I enjoyed the salad, it was surprisingly filling. It had a delicious dressing and the cheese was a nice touch.
This is my favorite restaurant in the capital district.  The tapas are delicious and well priced.  They change the menus a lot which always gives you something new to try.  I can't wait to go back!
Cella Bistro used to be stellar on all counts, but our last three visits have disappointed bitterly. We hardy saw our server, the kitchen had run out of several basic entrées, and the food arrived cold (even though the restaurant was not busy). Because Cella Bistro's is one of the most expensive restaurants in the area, we will not return until we hear reports that these recent problems have been addressed.
We brought friends here tonight for dinner, we had enjoyed 3 or 4 great visits here in the past.  They decided to cut back on staff, the only bartender doubled as our order taker once we went to our table.  Cutting back on a server was shortsighted, our service was inattentive, not personal or welcoming.  If you are going to charge $21 for stuffed poblanos, run out of the squash soup du jour prior to 8 pm and substitute white rice for pilaf in the one fish entree (salmon), you are not going to bring me back again.  Please right your ship, the bistro is lacking.
I've never sat for a meal, but it's a great place to go after a long day at work... Sit at the bar, have a drink and a few plates of tapas, unique food for the area and all for about $20... I should go more often!
Cella Bistro is an upscale neighborhood restaurant that features tapas (in the bar only) and contemporary American fare.  A few nightly specials liven up the dinner menu of the chef's contemporary stamp on a limited menu of standards including chicken, beef, pasta, and fish.  The décor is contemporary with good lighting and ample room between tables to provide patrons with better-than-average privacy while dining.  That really matters when there are more than the eight diners present, as it was when my wife and I dined there this Thursday past.  The exceptional parts of our Cella Bistro dining experience were my Bistro salad and the service.  Overall, I rate this restaurant a 3.5 out of five stars. For starters, we shared the spicy fried calamari with lemon caper aioli.  It was a real disappointment, on all fronts.  It is inexcusable to serve greasy/oily fried food, like the calamari that was delivered to our table.  The chef should not have sent it out; we should have sent it back.  But given this was our first visit we wanted to try everything, as it was prepared.  Much of the breading fell off the calamari, on to the plate; the accompanying aioli lacked flavor and its consistency suggested something more like lemon flavored mayonnaise.  The traditional accompaniments of either marinara sauce or cocktail sauce along with a crash course in deep frying are heartily recommended if Cella insists on keeping this dish (or any fried food) is on the menu. As above, I chose the Bistro salad, a mix of greens dressed with Dijon vinaigrette and a brie crostini, on the side.  The salad was the highlight of my meal; it was a thoughtful mix of greens, modestly dressed with an excellently seasoned and prepared dressing.  The brie atop the crostini was a nice accent.  The only recommendation for improvement is the addition of a few crunchy vegetables (shaved carrots, thinly sliced cucumbers, etc.) to add some texture.  My wife chose the salad special for that evening - a chopped iceberg with Maytag blue cheese dressing.  Her salad was comprised of four large chunks of ice-cold iceberg lettuce dressed with a proper amount of delicious blue cheese dressing and bacon bits.  After a few bites my wife remarked that she would have preferred it if the lettuce was chopped or shredded, rather than having to cut the four large chunks into mouth sized pieces.  As well, after consuming about half of the salad she commented that the salad had lost its appeal, due to the lack of variety of ingredients. For our entrees, I chose the eggplant and spinach lasagna; my wife chose the millerighi Bolognese, tubed al dente pasta in a rich and deep flavored Bolognese sauce, according to my wife.  The portion was too generous to consume in one sitting, even without salad and appetizer.  My lasagna was very good.  The thin pasta sheets (there were more than ten individual pasta layers) were a bit overdone to my liking but overall, I found the lasagna to be very tasty.  The firmness and sweetness of the eggplant balanced the slight bitterness of the spinach; the blend of cheeses complemented the dish very well.  The tomato sauce was very flavorful, without any acid or sweet tones.  As with my wife's pasta dish, the lasagna portion was more than what I could consume in one sitting (it lost nothing when reheated for lunch two days later). For desert we chose a house made lemon torte comprised of a layer of whipped cream atop a lemon curd over a crust that included walnuts.  It was very good.  The lemon curd and whipped cream were flavorful and tight; however, the lemon flavor was not strong enough to be the flavor center of the desert.  The crust, with its meaty and crunchy walnuts, made this desert a standout among the many simple cakes and tortes that make up the final portion of any good dining experience.  My only recommendation for improvement would be to increase the amount of lemon curd or decrease the amount of whipped cream in order to bring the lemon flavor forefront in this dish. Food, tax, and tip totaled $93. As those familiar with my reviews, the quality of food dominates the weighting in my restaurant ratings (food = 50%, cost = 25%, service = 20% and ambience = 5%).  As described earlier, the only 5 out of 5 star rating goes to the Bistro salad but the quality of that salad cannot raise the overall food rating above a 3.5 out of 5 stars.  $20 for pasta Bolognese, $22 for lasagna, $10 for fried calamari and $9 for a chopped iceberg salad are at the top of the price curve for local restaurants Cella Bistro's cost comes in 2 out of 5 stars.  Service was exemplary - five out of five stars, with ease.  The décor and facilities were pleasant, clean and reasonably quiet, well deserving of a four out of five stars. Food:                3.5 out of 5 stars Cost:                 2 out of 5 stars Value:               1.8 out of five stars Service:             5 out of 5 stars Ambience:        4 out of 5 stars
Very solid food. Nice warm atmosphere and staff.
Went on valentines day. The food was excellent. The service was slow and considering it was slow when we got there. The downfall with the restaurant is the prices  of the drinks. Beer is way over priced! It would be a great bar otherwise.
Went for dinner, sat at the bar.  Place is cozy, nice lighting, nice vibe.  Good beer/wine selection.  The fried pickles with awesome sauce were awesome, and the fried chickpeas were fun too.  We ordered scallops, which were cooked well.  The only weird thing is that we were told the mushroom salad was the best thing on the menu, so we ordered it, and it was the worst thing we had.  Way too many mushrooms on a plate, with congealed cheese, and some standard toasted bread.  But overall, friendly service and a good find.
Food was delicious. Service was friendly. Great wine selection and great wine. The atmosphere is very nice. Parking is not great. It is an expensive place, but you get what you pay for.
