Good food and good quality....called Rose to see if any space (college parent weekend time!) and she accommodated 11 of us where others would not... Great Customer Service!! Don't go if in a rush...many plates made to order so takes time....but we'll worth the wait....and oh, yea...definitely Family style serving portions!!
Classic old time red sauce Italian place. Comically gigantic portions.  Pretty much everything is platters overflowing with sauces and food. Food tastes great and so the slightly inflated prices are fair. Wife and I split appetizer of calamari split a salad and split veal Marsala and left with 5 boxes of leftovers. Yep, five.  And we only ate one piece of bread Service was good. Atmosphere as well. Decor is exactly what you should expect. Photos and reproduction paintings fill the heavy dark wood paneled walls. There is no music and the place is fairly bright. Stuffed and oddly both satisfied and slightly disgusted is all I can say
My review sounds like an echo chamber along with everyone else. Sauce is the best and one entree will feed at least two. Never had a bad meal here, the interior at the bar is old school Italian with Frank playing in the background. The rooms where you eat are kind of like a local VFW post, its all part of the charm. Divey neighborhood but all worth it when the food arrives. Also, wine is very inexpensive.
wife and I went there had steak pizzola wife had veal parm the steak was nothing but grizzel 3/4's of it could not eat My wife said the veal was old had a taste it was old and tough waitress kept coming over about every 30 seconds trying to take our plates had to call the manager over to tell her to leave us aloneShe still came back about a minute later told her to box it up while leaving got to talk to the manager and told him to throw the stuff out that the waitress boxed wouldn't even feed it to my dog Very dingy and dirty floor it's dark so you don't see the dirt used to be good not anymore
Home stlye place. Love the shoddy exterior and old time Italian feel inside. I grew up in Rotterdam and my Italian parents have been going here for years. LARGE portions that could last for days. My favs are the veal panetta and the shrimp oregenata. Nice large salad with all the best veggies and homesmade Italian dressing for the entire table. Nice family run business with an old Italian feel bar. Nothing fancy inside in regards to decor, but the food is old school and if you are hungry and want leftovers for 1-3 days...This is the place to go.
I agree with other reviewers that their sauce is one of the best.  We also had excellent calamari (not an easy thing and theirs was perfection), salad and bread that included ciabatta.  Unfortunately, the entrees were lackluster.  We had veal parm that was served lukewarm.  It is my belief it was prepared ahead and microwaved.  Either that or it sat for a long time before making its way out to us.  The cheese on top was congealed.  Worse yet, it lacked seasonings.  Baked haddock was okay.  My son's clam and pasta dish was extremely flavorful and he loved it, but it had bits of broken clam shells throughout, to the point he could not eat it because he kept biting down on shells.  They did give him a new pasta dish (minus the clams since he had already eaten them) but it was flavored with wine/oil and the wine was very strong.  Service was poor, we had to ask for bread - and the waitress scooped in to pick up dishes so quickly she almost took away a dish I was still eating out of.  This has always been one of my favorite Italian spots because I'm in love with their sauce, but next time I will try something new.  On the plus side, the owners were very proactive with my son's problem biting down on the shell, and I am sure they will stand behind him if there is a problem.  Great owners here.
This place is great, the only negative reviews are from people who say it needs to be updated. Well, go to outback steak house or olive garden, buddy.. but last time I checked we don't eat the stuff hanging on the walls. The FOOD. The food is amazing. Hands down. Eggplant or chicken parm are done right, and the cavetelli is amazing. The only downside is that it has gotten a little more expensive (on the high side of two $$) than it used to be, but it's hard for a mom and pop joint these days. Definitely worth it in every way.
Great food. Massive portions- everything you want in a local Italian restaurant. I wish my town had a place like this......
Great neighborhood Italian food and atmosphere.  The portions are HUGE which I thought was a problem since we were traveling through town.
We were just here for lunch last week and got to eat at the "kitchen table" which we love.  Food was excellent and so was the service.  It's always good!
I drive from Boston for this food. Try the clams casino, chicken antonio, their creamy vodka sauce, eh try everything! The people are the nicest and each dish has something special that makes it different than other Italian places. You'll be doing yourself a favor by trying Ferraris! -R
This place is the holy mecca for Italian  food.  I've been here twice and both times my meal was excellent .People that complain about the decor, REALLY? I think that is what makes this place and gives it character.  The restaurant itself is always clean both times I have gone.   Their appetizer of potatoes are really good, even better the next day as Mike L has mention.  Their greens and beans wasn't the best I've ever had but good.  I love the bread that they served the first time I came here.  There was regular Italian bread and garlic bread as well.  The second time I went no garlic bread was in the bread basket, I was a little disappointed but never mention anything to our server.     The first time I went I had a chicken dish with a side of their homemade pasta, I am a sucker for restaurants that make home made pasta correctly and Ferrari's definitely know what they are doing at all levels in the kitchen.  I guess the only thing I can complain about which my wife and me didn't care for was the side salad that comes before your entree.  It is dressed too much with roasted red peppers, carrots and way too much oil.  But I can over look the salad because their entrees is what the meal is all about. This time I ordered a veal melanzano, which is veal parm with slices of eggplant parm on top, and of course my side of pasta, which I asked for their home made fettuccine.  My wife ordered their seafood alfedro.  My dish was just spectacular.  My wife seemed to enjoy her but she was eating more of mine, and she is not a veal eater.  We finished our dinner with a piece of their chocolate cake, it was a perfect ending to a great meal.
There will be epic ballads written about the lunch I just had at Ferrari's and about my glorious quest to actually finish it. I should have taken pictures of it. It's a matter of public record that I am a big Ferrari's fan, and also that they give you a TON of food (Billy Fuccillo attests to this fact in a recent TV commercial). But today, they ascended to 5-star glory for me. The service is consistently awesome. The staff is relatable and go out of their way to make sure you have a great meal and walk out of their restaurant stuffed. The prices in comparison with the serving sizes are beyond generous. They just went above and beyond today. The bill was a mere $21 for two meals. On top of that, when I asked for a couple extra slices of bread, they complied by giving each of us bags FILLED with bread. I love it. With regard to my aforementioned quest, yeah, I totally failed. No shot at finishing all of that food. But at least I have great leftovers to keep me fed for a while!
This place is absolutely amazing. It feels so classic italian, I mean you can get wine by the vase, your portions are truly italian portions meaning bigger then your head...or body. The service is so friendly, the tables are pretty tightly packed together, but who cares. I absolutely loved my experience here, I was  a little apprehensive  due to the random location of this restaurant, but it was well worth it.   It really takes you back in time, I've never dined in a restaurant quite like it. decor, the menu options and sizes, and drink menu, the service. It's all great, I wish I remembered what I ordered it a Chicken Alfredo sort of dish and was delicious, even when I got to eat it the next day. Yum!
I grew up eating in this restaurant it was right down the street from me.   They have some of the best Italian food in Schenectady. But as time went on, we saw a raise in prices and downgrade in quality of food.  I think this family owned restaurant can really have the potential that they had before. But as of right now. I will be going down the street
Here we go... They have a fetish about making twice the food that a hungry adult can eat.  It's offensive to me to be served food for two and be asked if I want to pack it to take home.  No I don't.  I want excellent food to stay and I'll figure out tomorrow what I want to eat then. There are maybe three dining rooms from the sixties or seventies.  Nineteen sixties, I mean.  The staff is truly hospitable and friendly.  No false anything. The food is good, but not better than that.  It's just too much in every way, so I've been there twice but don't go back.  If they were willing to make just half as much, I'd go some of the times I go to Canalis for real Italian.
THIS PLACE NEEDS A MAKEOVER A.S.A.P. The dining room is such a dark dank eye sore! Come on its 2011. Time to rip the wood paneling down and the curtains and do a much needed deep clean! The roasted peppers with provolone cheese appetizer was one of the best things. The peppers were very sweet and marinated in olive oil. They give huge portions that they do charge for of bland overcooked pasta and sketchy frozen seafood. Looking around the dining room all the clientele are old as the building. Im guessing maybe it was better back in the day and they are just reminiscing with flavors of the past stuck in their minds????? Cannoli filling was good they put dried fruit in it which was a nice unexpected treat.
I am from Newport Beach, CA.  Here, we have some great Italian retstaurants and I have been  to a few around the country.  NYC has got some great places, but Ferrari's is amazing.  I have great friend who lives in the area and I was visiting during Labor Day weekend.  I enjoyed my time in Upstate NY, going to Saratoga, and seeing the other side of the country.  I still think about Ferrari's and the fries.  I had the "Veal Pepe," I think that's what it's called...I had an amazing cannoli, but the Ferrari's Fries cannot be beat!   I plan to eat at Ferrari's many more times, even though I live across the country.  All in all, Ferrar's will always be part of trips to Upstate NY.
Always a safe bet for excellent italian food.  Haven't had better tortellini many years.  Excellent service at very reasonable prices.
Best Italian Food in the area!  Found in an otherwise deserted area, Ferrari's remains and provides a glance into what the Italian American community used to be like. Having grown up in the area, in an Italian family I truly appreciate it.  And bonus is they know most of the family on my dad's side :)   The place isn't very big, but largely popular so be prepared to wait if you come at peak times.  It's pretty dark inside but the feelings from the staff are friendly and warm..the wait staff was very helpful. This is my grandma's favorite place, so I took her last time I visited. I had eggplant with no cheese, just sauce and garlic it was delicious.  IT came with a great salad an large amounts of bread..all delicious.  Every entree my family had they loved, and it everyone couldn't finish and needed take home boxes.  I left here, full, happy and sad I can't come back more often. Way to go Ferrari's we need more Italian restaurants like you!
Spaghetti and meatballs. Yummers! An American classic that I am sure the Italians ripped from us. Some girls grew up chasing boys.  I chased meatballs. Every Sunday night, my grandmothers recipe.  Passed along from generation to generation. Memories.  But Ferraris, I prefer the car to their meatballs. Always have and always will.
I feel like the place had better sauce years ago. It used to be the default place of u wantes good sauce. But I feel its nothing special. But the italian dressing and the italian bread is the best though that I have had at any italian restaurant in the area.
So I went again, this time they were super packed on Saturday evening. Just for two of us, myself and my brother. We ended up eating at the bar. I have to tell you, it was phenomenal. The whole point of being able to do something consistently phenomenal speaks volumes of the establishment. The drinks were also real drinks, my gin & tonic was enough for a horse and my brother's vodka and cranberry had him feeling warmer than the temperature on my dash board. But the food is out of sight. Kudos to Ferrari's. Also they're super pleasant, very welcoming and family oriented. I love the place
We've eaten at Ferrari's many times since moving near Sch'tdy five years ago and the food and service never disappoint. The homemade pasta is always cooked perfect and very tasty. The sauce is one of the best I've had in the Capital District and the portions are large enough for a second meal. The owners always welcome us and give a big smile. The waitstaff is friendly and knowledgeable. The rooms are dated, but they are always very clean and comfortable. Don't skip this restaurant!
Yeah, it's really more of a 3.5, but you have to love Ferarri's -- it's a relic from another time.  This insanely popular Italian-American joint (be prepared to wait) has persevered and continued to thrive, while the neighborhood around it crumbled and fell apart (literally).  To be honest, the interior of the restaurant isn't that far ahead of the rest of the neighborhood (place could use a modest make-over, or at the very least a thorough cleaning), but where else can you get such tasty grandma-style Italian food?  Not too many places.  Not everything is great (I've never been impressed with the bracciole, and the veal can sometimes be too tough) , but most other entrees hit the mark (or reasonably close to it).  And oh, that yummy red sauce!
I made an account just to post this review. This is the ~BEST~  Italian restaurant I have been to. It's literally a diamond in the rough. The exterior of this places does not portray the fantastic restaurant inside. The food was great and even while hosting a large party they were able to keep services with us better than most big-box stores on a busy day. Sadly, I will never be in the area for a long time, but I encourage anyone nearby to give it a try!
Best Eggplant Parm I've ever had at a restaurant, tasted just like my Grandmother's.  Very good.  I had so much food for lunch and dinner the next day.  I love this place, it's very cute and perfect for a romantic dinner out with the husband.  Kind of a drive for us, because we live in the Guilderland/Albany area, but would go once in a while.  Wish it was closer to us.
Just WOW!!!!! Huge tasty portions!!! The food was just ridiculously good. Visited during a business trip and cant stop thinking about it.
when you work in a red-sauce italian joint, you don't go out for italian -- that was me for 6 years but my place isn't in business anymore and I have been searching around for a good, solid, red-sauce place that is comfortable, well priced, and delicious i found that at Ferrari's this past Monday night! what an amazing meal and the staff was fantastic on my way to becoming a regular!
Even though I am fifteen, I have been to many restaurants, and I must say, this is the best restaurant by a landslide. I love Italian cuisine and so does my family. For birthdays and sometimes on just normal days, we go here and we have never once complained. The pasta and Chicken Parmesan to me are the best things there and even though the bill can be expensive, if you are looking for Italian food, come to Ferrari's and you will be amazed.
I have heard for years how great this place was, maybe it was years ago.  The only good part of our meal was the shrimp cocktail we ordered.  We both ordered chicken parm and I also ordered a side of meatballs.  All of the food tasted like it was frozen and reheated.  My wife had to ask for a steak knife to cut her chicken parm, it was like leather.  She finally gave up and didn't end up eating it.  When she complained to the waitress, she replied with oh really do you want me to wrap it?  They took a couple dollars off the bill, gee thanks  The meatballs were cold.  Horrible waste of money.
This seems to be the restaurant where all the locals go, as it is located in a far corner of Schenectady.  The layout of the restaurant is a bit of a maze and the decor is dated, but there are plenty of places to dine in the restaurant, even if the waitstaff was a little hard to get to during dinner.  The prices are a bit on the pricy side, but the food comes in big portions.  I had ordered tortellini with alfredo, but if you want peppers or meat, you'll be paying a few dollars extra.  The food was good, but I've had better alfredo sauce.  I had to pick between 3 and 4 stars, but decided to round down to 3.  However, I would be OK with coming back here.
I was told about this place and tried to go three times to find that they had a wait in excess of 60 minutes. I also found out that they only take reservations for parties of 5 or more. Neither of these work for me. Especially since they have no real waiting area. The third time we got there on a Thursday night and got right in without a wait - this time we had planned on a long wait so the rest of our party wasn't there. So be it. The atmosphere is lacking to say the least - a good cleaning and a fresh coat of paint could go a long way. We were told that we had to get the calamari. They were right. It is out of this world good with very good portion size. The rest of the meal was lacking in opinion. Would I go back - probably if it was a Thursday night and I didn't have to wait.
I wavered back and forth between 3-4 stars on this place. I wish Yelp would step up their game and give us the option of doing 1/2 stars. Maybe they could give access to members once they reach a certain level of reviews. Anyways, I have had great meals here and also had major disappointments. Hence, I chose the 3 star option because they are too inconsistent. I can tell you the one night to definitely avoid this place is on Valentine's day. Wow, what a mess!!! Even with a reservation we had to wait an additional 30 minutes. As one can expect, with the place packed, the service was very poor.  We were seated at a makeshift table in the service area. Before we were seated we noticed an extremely irate couple who apparentally had a very bad experience. They wished us good luck. Fortunately, we were not in a hurry so slow service that night was not a problem for us. Now on other nights, we have had average to good service. The portions have always been huge, probably too huge. I have to remember to not eat too much bread and to skip the appetizers. My one area of disappoint to great experience is the salad. The first time here we were served a nice family style bowl that was fantastic. In fact, it was what brought me back the second time. What happens the second trip back. I get a salad that was made for wimps! I'm like what the heck is this? What happened to the great salad from the previous week? Third trip they go back to the family style bowl, The last two visits back to salad for wimps. The lasagna was great one time and mediocre another visit. Its like this place is run by two different teams who have never met or worked with each other. For future visits, it will be for lunch. That seems to be where the service is consistently good and the food tastes the best.
Can you say ... HELP Robert Irvine ... save me!   Dark and dreary.  Italian restaurant serving pasta from a box?   Huge portions ... save some money and provide better tasting food.  Service could definitely be better
Had a wonderful early dinner while visiting in the area! Thanks to all the reviews this was an easy choice to make! The food was great, the service was fantastic, the portions were enormous with plenty of leftovers for another lunch or dinner. Will absolutely dine here again when we are in the area! Prices were so very reasonable for such quality food!
A genuine throwback, friendly familiar faces in an informal relaxed atmosphere. A local landmark serving traditional good Italian fare. Especially affordable on busy weekdays when dinner specials make for cheap tasty eats with enough food in each meal to feed 2 adults. We actually had our small wedding in their banquet room our guests were very impressed with the Italian Feast for 35 guests plus all our extras and gratuities was $1000... We took home enough leftovers to feed another 10 people well. The food always is consistent the waitstaff appreciative aside from a loving touch from the interior decorating fairy it is everything one should expect from this reputable neighborhood legend.
The only place I have ever found that tastes just like Gram's!
One of the really fine neighborhood Italian restaurants in Schenectady. Their Steak Mafioso is to die for!
The best Italian hands down in the capital region. and it wont even break the bank. Go here, say hi to Joey and Anthony, they'll treat you right. It's a hole in the wall type place from the outside. Tucked back in a not so great neighborhood off of i890, you walk in and there's always little room to wait inside. The front room has a bar and too tables to wait at, but its tiny. Don't let that throw you off, behind the wall there are two large dining rooms and even a side room with one table (its my favorite, feels like youre in your own little resaurant). Don't pass through Schenectady without stopping here. I recommend the lobster fra diablo or the bricciole. ENJOY
Wow!  One word, meaning unbelievably nice!  Ferrari's is a neighborhood restaurant with humungous portions which are just plain great!  Constant companion had been there before and we decided to give it a try with me, the ever annoying critic!  Tuesday was a night of a few specials- chicken parmesan and bracciole the two we focused on.  Having been forewarned about portion size, I insisted we get a full portion of both!  Needless to say, we have enough for three or four more meals!  The chicken parm was fresh, crisp and not overly "sauced."  The sauce was tasty- not too sweet nor too bitter. Nice.  The bracciole was tender, and huge- at least10" in length and probably 3-4 " wide!  Delicious and again, nicely sauced. The homemade cavatelle was tender but flavorful, the ziti serviceable. We passed on dessert, but our server, John, brought us each a shot of Amaretto!  What a nice surprise!  Dinner for two, with a huge salad to share, 2 huge entrees with enough for 3-4 more meals, and a 1/2 carafe of house chianti was a whopping $46 before tip!  Think we'll be back?  You better believe it!
This is one of the best Italian restaurants i have been to, including ones our family has dined at in Manhattan, Florence, Naples,  and Rome. The food is good enough, but the friendly family atmosphere is really what makes this place so enjoyable, You can't please everyone, but Ferraris comes as close as you can.
Took the family for the first time on a week night.  Arrived early (before 5 p.m.)  Street parking was readily available.  Stood at the hostess station for 3-4 minutes while the hostess and bartender carried on a conversation before recognizing our party.  The hostess was not welcoming and somewhat surly.   "You're gonna have to wait."  Got a glass of wine from the bar/waiting area, which was decorated old-school tacky Italian-American - dark paneled walls, plastic flowers, framed black and white photos, and old newspaper reviews.  Forty minutes later we were seated in a small dining room with similar decor.  Fifteen minutes later the waitress arrived to take our order.  Not at all apologetic about the wait.  We all ordered fresh pasta in the $12-16 range. The food arrived 20 minutes later.  The pasta was delicious although the sauce/gravy and meatballs were not the best I ever had.  Servings were large and we all took leftovers home.  With one glass of wine and sodas (2 adults/2 children), the bill ran to $65.00 and we were there for almost three hours.  All said and done, the food was good, but not at all worth the wait and poor service.
Just a quick background - while I was in the Navy, I was stationed in Naples Italy. While I was there, I had plenty of authentic home cooked meals. Since I've been back in the states, I've been looking for the same quality. There have been a lot of close calls, but none hit the mark like Ferrari's did. On the day my wife, two teen age kids and I went, we found it easier than we thought we would. The building was small, and that kind of worried us a little. We walked in the entrance to the small bar area that could hold about 20 people. We were greeted right away and sat down. There was maybe about 15 tables, with one other table full. We got there about 4:30, by 5:00 all the tables were filled, and we could tell by the surrounding conversations, that they were all repeat customers. We had what seemed to be two very warm and friendly waitresses. One for the drinks and table needs the other for the food portion. Already we were impressed by the service. We placed our order, my wife got the eggplant parmesan, my daughter the spaghetti with sausage, and my son and I the fettuccini alfredo. My daughter and I ordered the steamed clams for the appetizer. They brought out the bread, and if I was to say anything negative, it would be the bread was cold, it was homemade and very very good, but cold. They brought out the salads and the clams. The salad was pretty standard and fresh. the clams however were sweet, clean, succulent and perfectly cooked. My daughter mentioned, the next time we go there, she will order that as her dinner. They brought out our entrees, the portions were very generous, we could tell that they used fresh ingredients, and cared about how it was prepared. We took turns sampling each other's plates. My wife's eggplant was perfectly cooked and very tasty, the sausage on my daughter's plate broke apart with a fork, it was well cooked and very very tasty. The alfredo my son and I had was without a doubt, the very best alfredo I have ever eaten anywhere. The pasta was handmade fresh there, and you could tell. (I've been having a hard time eating boxed pasta since). The menu has two pages of the different kinds of pasta that they make, and now our mission is to try them all. We were too full to finish our plates, couldn't do dessert, and brought almost half our meal home. Our bill came to $92. For the quality and amount of food we got, along with the top notch friendly service, I felt it was a bargain. On the way out through the bar area, it was crowded with people waiting for a seat. I would recommend getting there by 4:30 to beat the crowd, and we will definitely be going back again.
Fantastic Italian food!  Highly recommend to anyone looking for delicious, high quality, generous portions of amazing food.  Best Eggplant Parm and Fried Calamari in the capital district.
Okay there are several Italian restaurants in the capital district, the top one is Cafe Italia, the next would be De Raymond's and now there's Ferrari's. This was my first time to Ferrari's it's been talked about on yelp and before i went there with friends, they heard raves about it. My little group started off with appetizers of fried calamari and clams casino. Both looked and smelled great, one thing everything is cooked to order and will take time, also the pork dishes can be made with chicken (great for us chicken lovers).The entrees order were chicken Pompeii , veal Parmesan and  Veal Pepe, first of all the portions that came out where good size and they filled the very large dinner plates, second you get a salad with your dinner. I also got a side of pasta with my meal so i deiced to try Ferrari's homemade Cavatelli.  Everything was great the veal was cooked perfect and you could cut it with a fork, my chicken Pompeii was cooked with pepperoni in the sauce and was not over powered or spicy.  We all took something home. It's a must to put on your try list and I will be returning again soon.
My new favorite Italian restaurant. Friendly, homestyle, and authentic southern Italian food.  I had the Chicken Antonio which wasn't exactly what I had pictured in my head. It was pretty much Chicken Marsala, but probably the best Chicken Marsala I ever had. I also sampled the Chicken Pompei. I was impressed with how good it tasted because I was a little cautious about pepperoni in with the sauce, but it really complemented the dish nicely. I think most if not all the dishes come with a side of pasta with red sauce. The pasta is perfectly cooked and sauce is very well made. I only found out after my visit that they have homemade pasta which I'm told is even better. Looking forward to that the next time.  They also serve you two kinds of bread. One is like a dense garlic bread. OMG this is amazing.  Even the salad that comes with the meal is fairly large and full of vegetables. I didn't get a chance to try any dessert cuz I couldn't even finish my whole meal. Portions are quite large and prices are more than reasonable. Only downside is they dont' take reservations for less than 5 people, so we ended up waiting about 30-40 mins.
