Does Hallmark make you want to claw your eyes out because their cards are a substitute for genuine human expression? Well then, welcome to Pistachio Press. This place is a gorgeous little shop, locally owned by some very friendly and accommodating Rochesterians. They sell hand-made art, cards that are pressed in store --the presses are RIGHT there, you can literally watch as they are made, by the artists, in these old-timey looking presses.  AND it's right next to Good Luck making Goodman and Anderson officially the cutest corner in Rochester. The cards are stunning and you can feel good about supporting local art-the owner can tell you the name of the artist that made each card. Being in there I felt like I was back in San Francisco. It's so nice Rochy has a place like this!  BUT it's about half the price of cards in SF.  I was surprised how affordable they were. Some of the cards are very Brooklyn-esque with pretty little birds on them. Others are super snarky. I LOL-ed ... literally, let out one solitary, audible, embarrassing "HA" as I read one of the sassy lovey cards that made reference to Ernest Hemingway's philandering. What I do: buy cards in bulk! Stockpile them at your house-birthday cards, congrats cards, etc etc THEN when you forget your friend's birthday or whatever, you look like an A+ friend having a thoughtful card on hand!
I like pretty things. So much so that I have a hard time parting with them. I will buy beautiful handmade cards and not send them to people because it saddens me to see them go. It's something I'm working on, which is why it's an amazing feat to have sent out all the lovely letterpress cards I've had saved up for the holidays. So, finding out that Pistachio Press has set up shop in the Anderson Arts building and has a gift shop to sell all their gorgeous prints (and those sourced by local artists) is by far the greatest thing of all. While it's true a letterpress card is twice the price of a Hallmark card, it's handmade, original AND local. I found some great holiday cards to send to family and friends. I also know that I can return to the shop and restock if I go through withdrawal after parting with those cards. Not only do they have a bunch of great cards for any occasion, but also notebooks, posters, stationary, etc. You can also work with them to do your own custom event invites/prints. Tip for the card-lovers: Something I've started doing lately is buying these special cards, writing something meaningful inside, and giving it with a picture frame. That way, the awesome image can live on forever and you don't have to worry that it's just thrown away. Who wouldn't love that?
Pistachio Press is the perfect place to get a card for that 'hard to verbalize' feeling or news. Accidentally pregnant? They've got you covered (oops). Going to a birthday party for someone you're not so keen on? They've got you there too (think, sassy/passive aggressive cards). Cute, unique, one of a kind cards and trinkets. Stop in during a first Friday and they'll provide you with some treats too.
