From the moment the owner welcomes you and opens the door for you, you have high hopes and they don't disappoint. Everyone is so nice and friendly. There are so many fantastic food options. They even have a substantial gluten free menu. The service was fantastic. There's outside seating, and the atmosphere is great. You gotta try the milkshakes!
On our way to RI we were near Schenectady around lunchtime and decided to drop off the 90 to check out what was available. After failing to find some obvious options off the Thruway, we turned to Yelp! for some suggestions. Based on our location (we'd driven in to town a ways) and filtering for $ places, we found Union Cafe with a high rating and decided to give it a try. The first pleasant surprise was the door greeting from the owner, who quickly leapt to hold it open for us to enter. We were quickly seated on a Thursday at lunchtime and we were able to order lunches and breakfast items. I chose the French Onion Au Gratin Soup and the Gyro (j-eye-row, not hee-row). Soup was clearly homemade, LOADED with onions and croutons, and was topped with the thickest slice of mozzarella I've ever seen on a soup. The gyro was fantastic - the pita was super fresh, the meat was delicious and the sauce was plentiful, along with the tomatoes and onions. It was a great meal! My 14-year-old son ordered the buffalo chicken wrap, which they happily substituted ranch for the bleu cheese. My bf went breakfast bananas with the french toast and corned beef hash with a side of scrambled eggs. The service was great. Our waitress, the owner, and another manager checked in often. Although on the smaller side, the decor is clean, fresh, and attractive -- looks to have been recently updated (as of Aug. 2014). And the bathrooms were well supplied and very tastefully decorated. We did not sit outdoors, but the patio seating out front looks comfortable and inviting. There are roughly 8 parking spaces in the back. Because of the location, there's only one single-width driveway for the in and out, so it got a little tangled on our way out, but nothing too terrible. This was a great stop and filled us up for the rest of our trip. (Which was good because we got stuck in a traffic jam on the Masspike for 30 minutes and ended up running almost 2 hours behind in reaching our destination.)
Amazing good, amazing customer service. Get here early there are only like 12 tables. Well worth the money. There specials are to die for. Steak and eggs $11.99!!! Breakfast served all day!!!
Very Cool Place. Excellent Ambiance. Great Food,
Love this place! Keep coming back for more!! Gem on Union Street!  Small place, but the service staff are friendly and attentive and the food is delicious!  Only open for Breakfast and lunch.
I came in here for brunch with mom to celebrate her 65th birthday! We had a very nice meal, and the service was phenomenal. I'm so happy to see a local business doing so well, and doing things so right. The restaurant is spotless, and looks brand new. The menu, in true Greek fashion, is large and has a lot of options. My mom's waffles were particularly scrumptious! This place has a wonderful community feel, and it's obvious that they treat their employees like family. I will definitely be back!
What a gem. I will be driving my daughter to college in Schenectady and look forward to visiting again. I got a gyro which was on of the best I've had.
By boyfriend and I are regulars here, at least once a week. We have never had a bad experience, the staff is always friendly and in a good mood. We are always looking forward to seeing Hector. He's the man. We are always having breakfast, even in the late afternoon and it's always consistent and absolutely delicious.The menu is basic, straight forward breakfast foods....we usually get French toast, or some version of eggs but I would be ecstatic with just a plate of their yummy homefries and a soup cup of their house made hollandaise. We only go here for breakfast, if they are closed we eat at home :) .
I have had lunch here a couple times. Excellent each time. Very friendly service, comfortable atmosphere, delicious food. There are a variety of Greek specialties on the menu. The Spanakopita and Souvlaki are excellent. Will definitely be back!
Good food, friendly staff, quick service. Can't really ask for much more than that.
Flew into Albany and came to Union Cafe on recommendation from Yelp. Food was good, but portion size was SMALL and expensive to boot. A half-filled glass of juice costed almost $3.00! My friend had to return his meal 3 times and each time the portion size got smaller.
Awesome place for breakfast!
Picked this place for brunch while visiting family. Was planning to eat breakfast but once we looked at the menu decided to get some lunch options. I has the grape leaves, others had the monte cristo, French onion soup, Reuben, and chicken wrap. Everything was delicious. The minor Greek vibe was surprising but the Greek options were tasty. The monte cristo was very meaty, the sweet potato fries were thin and crispy. Definitely recommend this place! The service was excellent and they even gave the kids a cookie at the end.
Great place. Nice selection of breakfast. Greek dishes are full of flavor and are huge. Staff very friendly and knowledgeable. Would stop back again and again.
Basic menu makes it easy to order, servers use iPads vs. notepads to take orders which seems to help pick up the pace. Food was good, def going back!
After recently returning from Greece, we wanted to enjoy a Greek lunch back home. We loved our lunch at the Union Cafe. We shared the spot on spanakopita, I had the delicious chicken souvlaki and my husband devoured the gyro. The tzatziki sauce was perfect. We finished with a very good and generous slice of baklava. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We will be returning to check out breakfast and will most certainly return for the delicious greek cuisine!
I can't believe it took me over a year to walk down here for lunch, but the place is fantastic. Intimate location, but doesn't feel small, even with the patio closed. The food was great and freshly prepared (plus lobster bisque on the weekends). Will definitely be back for breakfast soon.
This place makes me happy, especially sitting outside on a beautiful weekend morning eating breakfast. The food selection is basic but very fresh and nicely prepared. The lunch menu is basic American fare and some great Greek dishes. The gyros and salads are really good and they have a great sandwich selection. The people are also very nice and the the service is pretty good.
One of my favorite places for pancakes around the neighborhood. I love the variety on their menu, and that they are open most mornings. I also love sitting outside, people watching while enjoying my brunch. Really recommend it.
Delicious affordable breakfasts, great service, beautiful immaculately clean restaurant, patio is lovely in warm weather. Absolute favorite breakfast place in the schenectady Niskayuna Latham area!!
Wow for the moussaka and greek salad.  Moussaka was fresh, creamy, spicy, soft yumness, not too salty, melt in your mouth deilcious.  Hard to find in this area.  Greek salad was excellent too with a slab of fresh feta and oregano, tomatoes, cukes, olives and stuffed grapeleaf.  I want more!
Great breakfast place. The French toast was light and buttery, powdered sugar and all. I also had the corned beef hash, which was good with the franks red hot. Clean small place with nice wait staff.
I just visited Union Cafe for the first time and loved it!  Took my family there for breakfast, and it was the classic diner food that I was wanting (eggs, pancakes, toast, home fries, etc).  The tables were mostly full the whole time.  The food was great and the service was excellent - really friendly and frequently checking on us.  They made my daughters pancake into a Mickey Mouse shape.  I'll definitely be going back and wish I knew about this place earlier.
The Union Café just opened in April after a long teaser period when the storefront was being renovated for a restaurant, and is now serving breakfast and lunch (only). It's basically a diner, but just one with limited hours. The breakfasts and lunches are well-prepared but not particularly original or memorable. The lunch menu features a more limited number of selections than the usual overwhelming cascade of diner options (a plus, in our books) and features traditional greek specialties (gyros, souvlaki, dolmas, et alia) as well as your basic diner options. The reuben's pretty good and we like the gyros very much, the greek stuff is not badly done but has the usual Americanized blandness typical of diner fare in the area. Burgers have been surprisingly tasty and evenly prepared. There are some more "modern" menu selections, such as wraps, and a few vegetarian options. The inside is brand new, but it fairly mundane standard lunch place. There's a handful of booths and the rest is two-seater tables; you have to know to pull tables together to get seated in a larger party if the place is full. There's a large flatscreen TV in the back that's visible from only part of the restaurant. A sore point on our multiple visits has been service. The staff are very friendly and solicitous, but the time to come and take orders and then bring extra requests (napkins, refills on beverages, etc.) has been uniformly slow. This does not appear to be a kitchen-bound problem so much as a front-of-the-house issue. The family that runs this place was in the diner business and I expect better responsiveness and cut a bit less slack for "burn in" periods in getting a place up and running. Since our visits have been evenly spaced since it first opened,  and have come at both peak and off-peak times (and in no case was the restaurant full) it's hard to attribute to being there at busy times of day. Since the hours are, pretty much by definition, limited to meals around workdays, we feel they have to do better. It's also a problem in details: forgetting parts of orders, and worse, forgetting to bring things after we've asked for them more than once. We do want to like the place, given its convenience and the lowkey atmosphere, a place like this is really needed in the Upper Union Business Improvement District strip. It's going to have to try a little harder, though, to get repeat business.
This diner has become a favorite of my wife and I.  The food is always great and the service is even better.  Even when the place is packed full we always get what we need.  The Egg's Benedict has become my favorite for breakfast.  The greek salad is amazing!!!  Cannot wait for the summer to sit on the patio again!
This is my favorite breakfast place in NY State! EVerything is delcious the family that runs it is very personable. The lunch menu is also excellent. The Greek items are the best greek food available in the Capital District. The Pastichio to better than any I've had, even in Astoria, Queens! Definitely  eat here the next time you're in Schenectady!
Tasty food, friendly service! A great neighborhood cafe.
