Atmosphere: 95/100 They've got plenty of seating, fun hunter/cabin decor, and TVs to watch games on (no sound, but maybe could ask to be turned up?) Food: 85/100 Their table sauces are absolutely delicious. The rib sandwich was amazing, the pulled pork was a teeny bit dry, but still had really good flavor. The sandwiches are served on a delicious, almost brioche style, bun. The coleslaw was great,  very bright (not too much mayo) and went perfectly on my slightly dry pulled pork sandwich to add just to right amount of moisture and tang the sandwich needed (I only wish they served a slightly larger portion). The Mac n cheese was just okay, although I'm not really a huge fan of Mac n cheese in general, but my husband thought he'd give it a whirl. Also, random note, but most of drinks I saw come out were bottled (bottled coke, bottled ice tea, etc.), thought that was interesting. Service: Fantastic, our server was really helpful in helping us navigate the menu and making really great recommendations. She was also amazing about exchanging the Mac n cheese for coleslaw when we discovered we didn't totally love the Mac n cheese.
Went to their Monday night only "BBQ buffet." Here's the buffet menu: Rolls Cornbread Salad Macaroni salad French onion soup Cheese pizza Chicken, peppers and onions Mashed potatoes Pork & Beans Baked Ziti Roasted chicken Pulled pork Ribs Aside from the pulled pork, ribs and cornbread, nothing else was BBQ. The pork & beans tasted like Campbell's canned beans. Utensils were cheap plastic and paper plates. No fountain beverages. You receive a bottle of soda, no glass, no ice. And you are surrounded by stuffed animal carcasses. If they could talk, they'd say "go someplace else because you're definitely not eating anything that resembles BBQ." Then the manager comes out and shows us this photo of some poor large animal that was just killed in Texas. "Yep, that beast is gonna be stuffed and mounted near our front door." Nice. Just what we want to hear while eating this crap. Save your money. Don't bother with this Wagon Train. More emphasis on decor than cooking great BBQ.
I love bbq, and this place is about 5 minutes if that from my house so we gave it a try. We called to pick up about an hour before they closed and they seemed annoyed on the phone. Me and my boyfriend both got the pulled pork sandwich with mac & cheese and corn bread. Pulled pork was good but it was just very bland... Same with mac & cheese.... Corn bread was delicious though. Id rather go out of my way to capital q, or Dino bbq if I'm really craving... I might try this place again, but I just was really disappointed. Not the worst, but definitely not the best.
We've used Wagon Train for catering events as well as just for a quick take out.  Food is always fresh and delicious.  Rit and his staff are very accommodating and serve some kick ass BBQ
Yes Dino BBQ is good. However give my man Steve's place a try. He is a great BBQ chef, has some truly unique burgers/sandwiches and killer wings. Want to try something really unique? Order the tombstone burger. The ultimate hangover remedy. He just did an incredible renovation on the place that kids will love. Trust me this is coming from a guy who has eaten BBQ all over the USA.  Wagon Train rocks!
This place is awesome and we found it by accident!  Great service and food. I would reccomend it to anyone anytime.
Been here several times. Portion size decreased, and prices went up. Brisket sand which on hard roll no sides is almost $10.00! Overpriced. Pulled pork taste left over from the day before.  Pulled pork should be eaten the same day it is made. Disappointing, probably will not return.
Based on the previous reviews of this restaurant my family and I tried Wagon Train.  The decor is well appointed...the old west motif isn't overly done.  The burned wood art is actually very cool as well as the "wanted posters" of the staff in the hallway. Unfortunately that's as good as it gets.  The meals are over-priced and under-seasoned.    The ribs had almost no flavor.  I had to douse my pulled pork with extra BBQ sauce to give it flavor as well. The cooking quality was inconsistent as well.  My 1/2 rack ribs were very tender but my wife's were inedible because they were so dry.  The cornbread was good.  There are no fountain beverages and bottled sodas cost $2...so we all got water. The wait staff was friendly.
We went to Wagon Train BBQ for lunch & had a great time.  The atmosphere is sooo Western!  The grounds have a wagon train, settlers, a cowboy watching a herd of buffalo in the distance.  The owners thought of everything, including hanging light fixtures from deer horns! On to the food.... We ordered pulled pork sandwiches & ribs.  The pulled pork is smokey, chunky, served with choice of BBQ sauce.  The half rack of ribs was falling off the bone meaty & smothered in BBQ sauce.  Our sides were corn bread (YUM!), tomato & cucumber salad, chicken & broccoli.  With so much food, you know we took some home with us.   Eat in at one of the tables & listen to country music or take home & savor the flavor.... Wagon Train BBQ is the place to go to satisfy BBQ lust! walkaboutwithwheels.blog…
This place is my new Post-Saratoga jam! I don't live in the area but I have family that do. We came here after a day at the track and it was AWESOME! The waitress was just about the sweetest lady ever. And the brisket. Oooooh the brisket.  It was on the most perfect chewy roll with a kind of flakey crust. And the meat itself was melt in your mouth tender. The chipotle bbq sauce was good addition to the sauce already on the brisket.  Sweet and tangy. I ate the whole thing. Seriously go here. You will not be disappointed.
I tell all my friends, "Make sure you go to the bathroom when you're there!" Really I just want them to get a glimpse of the back hallway to see the staff's "Wanted" posters.  And I love the wood burning art drawings all over - the table we selected had a new drawing started beneath the glass - very cool. I'm a fan of the pulled pork and my friends took down the brisket and the Tombstone Burger.  Gooood all 'round and the corn bread is moist, sweet, and cake-like (very dense). My only complaint is the bottled drinks.  I just can't pay $2 for a bottled soda and although I try to limit my soda intake, three things in this world require a carbonated beverage: pizza, mexican, and BBQ!
Return to BBQ Mecca (irony much?). The owner/Chef greeted us, along with his daughter who was our waitress.  We actually gave him a heads up about YELP* and challenged him to advertise a "GO AHEAD: YELP* US!" sign, as we love reading the local reviews. On to the meal:  The Pulled Pork is the highlight of the menu (quote from my wife) and is by far the best Pulled Pork that we've eaten (and we've eaten Pulled Pork around the world.  The Brisket was good and moist tonight, and our experience with Brisket is usually a hit or miss at most places.  The Mac N Cheese uses great tasting cheese and the corn bread was AWESOME!!!!  Highly recommend the Citrus Chipotle sauce over the KC BBQ (personal preference), as it suckers you in with it's sweetness before giving you a punch in the mouth! Good people, good atmosphere, and GREAT food!
CIrcle the wagons at Wagon Train BBQ! After spending the day outside in the heat, my friend and I decided to check out Wagon Train BBQ, which is located at the SW corner of Mariaville Road and Burdeck Street (access point) in Rotterdam. This BBQ roadside eatery has been open for about four months and the place itself has a rustic feel and is decked out with plenty of Wild West decor and 'some interesting caricature "Wanted" posters of the staff on the walls. The place is geared towards takeout and there are a few high top tables inside for eating in. Outside the restaurant on the grassy field, there are several "lifelike" settlers and horse drawn covered wagons in a convoy headed "West" during the Gold Rush era (reenactment). The menu offerings include BBQ sandwiches/meats (pulled pork, beef brisket, Neba style roast beef, sausage, pulled chicken), ribs, burgers, salads, sides, and drinks from the cooler. A kids (lil buckaroos) menu (12 & under) is also offered. The prices are fair, sandwiches ($6.95-$7.50)/meals with one side & corn bread ($9.25-$9.75) and combo dinners ($13.25-$16.25). Most sides are $2.50-$3.25. Seniors get a 10 percent discount. For those folks who love extreme eating challenges (Man vs. Food), then take a shot at finishing off the GRAVEYARD BURGER during scheduled Graveyard Challenges. The Graveyard Burger consists of a 1 lb burger, half lb of pulled pork, half lb of beef brisket, half lb of cole slaw, half lb of mac & cheese, 2 fried eggs, 4 cheese slices, 4 bacons, onion tanglers, jalepeno bottle caps, KC BBQ sauce, on a giant roll, served with fries and onion rings, 5lbs in all. Finish this BURGER and sides in under 30 minutes and get a free T-shirt (I Survived The Graveyard Burger Challenge) and your picture up on the Wall of Fame. Those who fail this challenge pay $24.99 for the burger and get their picture posted on the Wall of Shame. So far, there are no winners (as of May 2011). Good luck if you dare! We trotted in here around 8:30PM on a quiet Saturday night and were greeted as we entered. We ordered some takeout to bring back to the ranch including the Beef Brisket Meal with one side and corn bread ($9.25) and the Pulled Pork Sandwich & Half Rack of Ribs Wagon Train Combo ($15.50) with one side & corn bread. We also ordered two additional sides ($2.50 each) and used a 15 percent off coupon found in a mailer to Schenectady homes. The food took about 10 minutes to be ready. We dug into the BBQ as soon as we got back to the ranch. The sides we ordered were very good. The cole slaw was crisp, tasted fresh & sweet , nicely seasoned and creamy. The mac & cheese (cavatappi pasta) was soft and cheesy. The potato salad was dense and creamy. However, the BBQ items were just okay. The pulled pork sandwich had tender smoked pork could've used some BBQ sauce and the big roll was very chewy, hard to eat. The beef brisket sandwich had tender beef slices were dry with some fat (a bit bland/could've used with seasonings) on a very chewy roll. The half rack of KC style ribs were average, chewy rib meat on bone with a sweet BBQ sauce. The corn bread was very soft with a sweet taste, more like a yellow sponge cake than corn bread. Overall, we'd return here again since the price is right for the amount of food, but we should try to get here earlier when the food is fresh and not sitting out too long in the heated glass case. FACEBOOK: facebook.com/WagonTrainB…
Better than Dinosaur.  Reasonably priced as well.  Great Atmosphere.  Great Service. Seriously though, editing my post from before.... It's delicious.
This is the only place I go for BBQ. Dinosaur BBQ doesn't even come close. Get the platter with pulled pork and ribs. So much food too.
Wagon Train Server:  Anna Table: 10 Guests What a way to "end the summer", I say this because Summer isn't really done with until September 21st, but with the way the month is going and the days becoming shorter. It's ideal to think summer is over with and what better way to honor the end with barbeque food. The following are out of 5 Points.   * (5) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. It's always a shocker when I call up a place and tell them I have a large amount of people coming and calling in a reservation, but not here. The lady who took my reservation was pleasant and more than eager to have me come in for dinner with 10 people. Anna was an excellent waitress, she was attentive and beyond pleasant with splitting the bill for all of us. I know sometimes it can be too much or even a well visual hassle to the wait staff, but she was more than happy to do so. They gave us two sampler trays of their appetizers and they were delicious. * (5) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. You can see that this is a place that draws its themes from Western American culture from the Wanted Posters to the various décor on the wall. Even outside have manikins with western themed culture attire.   * (5) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks Before you look at the menu and say, what's so special about this place? It has hot dogs, hamburgers, and various comfort sides. That's not the point. They make their own BBQ Sauces and prep all the meats by smoking right on sight, same with desserts. Settlers Beans is something you will want to try, and don't think it's just some way of saying baked beans, because it's not that. There are a lot of beans in the mix and a spicy yet delicious sauce that they're cooked in. For a BBQ place, I've never seen ribs that were so meaty and juicy. This place is also known for their Graveyard Burger challenge, you'll see a picture below of this monster. * (5) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) There is a lot of food for what you get. *  (4) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. I know I've said that a uniform is one of those things I love and go for when it comes to places of business, but here with the homey feel I don't mind it as much. Nor am I going to knock points off for poor food presentation when it was just too good to begin with. Overall Score: 24/25 This was a perfect place to take Kevin's Adventures to "end" summer.
Just because you put a BBQ sauce on meat doesn't make it BBQ! No smoke! Oven cooked. It's just something to eat.   The roll is very good. The Mac 'n cheese side - yuck noodles with white aamerican cheese no flavor. Young kids running the kitchen - who were all nice but you could tell running the place was over their heads. It's an open kitchen to the dining room so you see and hear everything. Avoid the wagon train!
Had lunch here about a week ago,looks great with the new addition, ordered my lunch which was the combo platter and mother got a sandwich, food was EXCELLENT.the choices of BBQ sauce was great brisket was excellent ribs excellent and pulled pork great.im looking forward to going back soon !
Immediately after I gave WagonWheel a 1 star, the owner did attempt to contact me. I had misplaced my yelp log in info, so kept procrastinating an update. I went back ... had brisket each time, and it was delicious. Service was great too.  Maybe the server (and/or me) was just having a bad night when I first visited. I'll continue to stop there, and I'll let them continue to wonder which customer I am.
Had a yen for some barbeque this weekend so decided to try Wagon Train based on the reviews.  The newly remodeled restaurant is nicely done and the service was very friendly and helpful.  The food lacked attention to detail and was overpriced.  We got a large cold bulky roll with meat.  A cold - refrigerated - piece of cornbread and a small side.  The additional expense of the french fries wasn't worth the price since the centers of many of them were still a bit cold and hard.  This would be a really good restaurant if there was more attention paid to the little things that move a restaurant from ordinary to really special.
My 2nd time here. I just had the train Burger :) best Burger I've ever had. Love this place!!!!
My visit to Wagon Train BBQ was a happy accident.  The family and I were headed to Maine from Michigan on a long road trip, and my dad had planned all of our pit stops based on carefully researched local restaurants.  In this family, New York equals BBQ.  We've been and lived all over the United States, including many of the states famous for their BBQ tradition, but for some reason, New York State is home to all of our favourite joints.   This particular coveted lunch spot on Dad's itinerary was held by another Schenectady BBQ hotspot, however after leaving the highway in search of that treasure, we found it to be closed.  Our stomachs collectively felt understandably robbed of their chance at such lovely meats, so dad and I both hopped on our phones to find the nearest 4-5 yelp starred restaurant.  After a little digging, Wagon Train popped on to my screen and we were on our way. When we found the restaurant, we were greeted with lifesize representations of a wagon train, complete with a plaster (?) figure hiding behind rocks, hunting for buffalo.  If there's anything that gets me excited about a really good local spot, it's kitsch.  I live for larger than life cowboys telling me to eat a steak or plaster alligators recommending crawfish.  Really, if the reviews are good and the spot is kitschy, I'm sold. The inside of the restaurant is western themed.  Wood burnings depict scenes of the wild west, and lighting fixtures hang from antlers tacked to the ceiling.  Right inside the door is a counter for ordering BBQ to go, but we sat down for table service.  I ordered the beef brisket sandwich with travelers beans and cornbread.  The others at the table ordered a platter of rips, brisket, and pulled pork.  My brisket was divine - tender and juicy.  My only complaint about the sandwich was the size and chewiness of the roll.  The bread itself tasted fantastic, but it made the sandwich as a whole very difficult to eat.  I ended up discarding the bread in favor of eating the meat with a fork.  There were two sauces on the table, a KC BBQ sauce and a honey chipotle sauce.  I preferred the KC, but both complimented the meats very well.  The cornbread was amazing, very moist and sweet - exactly right to balance the meal.  The beans felt a little more like a very mild, very sweet chili than baked beans, but they were delicious...in fact, they may have been my favourite part of the meal. As a whole, I can't imagine our first "choice," had it been open, being any better than this...I was very impressed by the quality of food in this restaurant and would not hesitate to return if we pass this way again.
Love the burgers, frys and cornbread are my favs! Wagon train burger with the jalapeno chips is to die for! My husband drools over the ribs. We akways ask to buy and take home the rolls they serve with the burgers, they are specially made by a local bakery and are delicious the next day for breakfast! The wait staff are great and the owner is really nice too! Only wish they had a soda fountain. BBQ makes me very thirsty!
I have passed up stopping in this business for some time now.   Since I am not a heavy beef/pork eater, it didn't appeal to me. Yesterday I saw the words "Seafood Special" on the outside board. A BBQ place with seafood is not unheard of.  Most actually list these items on their menu, Wagon Train does not, and for good reason.   I walked in and saw a Seafood Platter, (Fish, Scallops, Shrimp) listed on the specials board for $10.99  So I ordered one to-go. After getting home with my order, I found that this special came with a cole slaw, corn bread, shrimp, and scallops, but no fish.  Oh it did have fried clams, which were not included on the board as an item in the special, but NO FISH. I don't know if someone forgot the fish, or the clams were supposed to take the place of the fish or what but, after getting it to go, and traveling 20 miles home, I wasn't going back to ask.  and won't either. There is NO seafood on their menu. Advice.....stick to beef and pork, which I hope you do better than  you do seafood. Oh, they get one star, because the clerk was pleasant.
This is my absolute favorite place to eat in the Schenectady area. I highly suggest the different burgers they offer along with the pulled chicken sandwich. The bread that the sandwiches come on is hearty and holds up to the sauciest of any of their selection. The cornbread is sweet and the sweet potato fries are thick and crispy. Their chipotle BBQ sauce will make anything taste good. This place is awesome.
Awesome!  I went in for lunch with coworkers yesterday.  Food was great and the service was even better!  Very enjoyable.  Thanks!
