The sushi and hibachi is always amazing. The atmosphere is very calming as well. Definitely try the mohitos, the 2 for 1 deal rocks! The staff is also very accommodating and attentive.
Don't go here, I REPEAT DO NOT GO HERE:   My boss had a business lunch here two weeks ago and paid using the company's credit card. He lost track of time and the waitress never returned it. He didn't realize it at the time and last Friday went to pay for something with the card and couldn't find it. He called the credit card company to report  it and it had been stolen. There were so many charges: dinners at Zen, online orders, a lot of purchases in a week's time. My advice to anyone who is considering going there, pay with cash. If you use your credit card/debit card monitor your bank account carefully and hope that your card/identification isn't stolen.
I really enjoyed Zen every time I've been. The sushi is good and the sushi chef's are always trying new ways to present it, making for a visually pleasing experience. Atmosphere is wonderful, a great place in Schenectady to grab some Japanese. The mojoto connection is a little strange but the happy hours they run on them and how yummy they are make you forget about the cross cultural element quickly and just enjoy.
What a wonderful restaurant. Service was professional and friendly. Atmosphere is perfect for either a casual or formal affair. Food was awesome, loved the salt and pepper calamari, the sushi, the curry dishes. Really enjoyed every thing.
Excellent sushi.  We've had sushi from many places and this is by far one of the best in the area.  Portion sizes are good. We've also tried the pad Thai which was excellent.  The BOGO mojitos are hard to pass up and definitely worth trying
I was visiting my parents in schenectady and I was told by my mom and her friends that they love Zen. They go there frequently for lunch. So, I went with them for me and my mom's bday celebration. The food is really good, the portions are huge. We loved the berry Mojito. When they waiter found out it was our bday, he gave us a free bowl of ( I don't remember the name lol) it was huge and strong lol.
Lastnight was my first time at Zen. It was an enjoyable experience. I'm interested to experience Zen during the day. The sushi was not horrible or amazing .. it was just right.I certainly enjoyed my Mojito. I ordered the Downtown Mojito and it was Perfect! It was Fresh and delightful - I can tell they don't skimp on the alcohol. The service was really good .. servers were friendly.
Great food, terrible service. I've been here 5 times, each is the same as the last, service is slow and incompetent, diners arrive 10-15 minutes apart from each other, getting a second drink is virtually impossible and will take 15 minutes even when sitting at the bar. At the same time, once your food and drinks come, they are consistently delicious. This place is a decent FOH manager away from being good, but I can't recommend it at this time, as I always leave annoyed.
This was my first experience in this restaurant. It was a very positive experience. I'm not well versed in much Asian cuisine so my review may sound like a novice. I very much enjoyed my Pad Thai dish. The menu stated the dish was somewhat spicy but I didn't find it to be spicy at all. I has a garden salad as well with a lovely ginger dressing. My wife ordered a chicken and scallop hibachi dish and a garden salad with a balsamic dressing. Do not order the balsamic dressing unless you really like a strong vinegar flavor. Seriously, it was overwhelming. The decor and the atmosphere of the restaurant was peaceful and relaxing - as you would expect from a restaurant named Zen. The server could have been more knowledgeable.maybe it was my inexperience with Asian food or she just didn't know that much as well. She was efficient and the food came out hot, fresh and quickly. The price was about right for an upscale establishment... $12 - $22 range. This would be a great place to eat prior to a show at Proctors or even Bowtie.
I am taking one star off for the drink selection if I liked fun mixed drinks I'd probably rank it a 4. I don't really like liquor and there aren't a whole lot of other options. They don't even explain what other options they have for drinks on the menu so I just drank water. Give me like a fun non-alcholic drink please (only cause I'm sure improving the beer menu will never happen...so I'll settle for a fun tea, or something) They have fabulous Miso Soup. You can screw this up, but this place nailed it. They also have incredible tofu, both me and my friend got dishes with tofu in it and they both were cooked perfectly. That is not to say this is the best tofu dishes I've ever had, but they aren't far off. This is tricky a lot of resturants do not understand good tofu but this place does. Also the Tofu options are vegan (at least the Tofu dish I got was...it was something with ginger...I wish I remembered what it was) The prices are what you'd expect. The servers are quick and friendly.
I have to say from the reviews on Yelp, I expected a lot better. I've been to quite a number of Thai restaurants over the years and try to order similar dishes to see if the place is authentic. The Panang curry was not what I expect. Very little coconut milk and tasted too sour with too much bell pepper.  It was like someone poured Tom Yam soup over peppers and soaked it there then threw in some chicken and stir fried veggies. I was disappointed when I further asked for some coconut milk and was told they use raw milk and couldn't get any. Should've sent the dish back.  Was annoyed we couldn't order duck with the Panang sauce as I usually do. Not being able to is usually a sign the place is posing. The sushi roll we got was "ok" but was ordered as an app but forgot about until I reminded our waitress.  The salad was fair, except for the shriveled up grape tomato that shouldn't have been served. The mojitos, which is a "specialty" of this place, were overly sour and the bartender obviously didn't muddle the mint/sugar/lime correctly. Too much soda on the top. I tried 2 types and both were underwhelming. They seem to be trying to be trendy but put the cart before the horse. Good food first!   Jasmine Thai in Rotterdam has much better food and is authentic.
Went on a Friday night. Had a reservation for 7 pm. When we arrived we were told the table was not quite ready and we should wait at the bar for ten minutes. Over half an hour later after asking a few times we were finally seated.  Apparently they had accidentally given our table away (we were not late). The menu is a good mix of Japanese and thai fare. We ordered a soup course and a main course. When the main course came only 3 of 4 entrees arrived. Despite the waitress making a big show of hurrying the sushi chefs, the fourth entree (just a sushi roll) took 25 minutes. Of course everyone else was pretty much finished eating at that point. Despite the failed table management and service we weren't even offered a round of drinks. I didn't push the issue since I don't like such things to ruin the evening and I don't feel entitled to something free just because of a bad experience. However, none of us will return. Mixed drinks were good. Beer selection is abhorrent, but you wouldn't really expect it to be good. Food was pretty good once it came (thus the 2 stars). Atmosphere was hectic and loud but I can imagine it being more comfortable on a quiet night.
Very good Thai Basil Fried Rice. Asked for it to be a bit spicy and they seasoned it perfectly. Pepper squid app was excellent.
Nice environment, but pricy drinks. Paid $11 per drink, total ripoff. Bartenders give out free drinks to there friends and ignore other customers. Go to bombers next door, you will have a better time and save some cash.
Best martini bar in town. Love the rolls from a great sushi bar. Turns into a night club later at night. Great after work pick up spot. Older business crowd with a few that should be at Bombers. Or stay home. Excellent waitresses that remember your order. Avoid the Thai dishes which lack depth and heat. Try the lobster rolls with a Miami mojito!
I've only eaten in once, the other times I've had their food it was carry out. So far, it's the best sushi that I've eaten in the Schenectady area - and I'm pretty picky about my sushi, I lived in Japan for four months. I'd be happy to get their spicy tuna roll any time! Also, I was shocked by how much food was in the lunch portion of their tempura shrimp bento box.
Amazing lunch special- $8 for 2 rolls and a miso soup. There were a lot of options but I got spicy salmon and spicy tuna, both were good. We ordered a specialty roll for the table - i think it was the assemblyan(?) which was crunchy and flavorful. We ordered the special $5 mimosas but they were way too sweet. The interior and music was very loungey and I imagine it would be a great place to have some cocktails at night.
I ordered their specialty roll with the cilantro oil a few months ago ... It was probably one of the worst things I have ever tasted in my life. Those flavors did not belong together. Maybe they were missing an ingredient?? Yucksauce. Everything else I had was good. Jalapeño yellowtail was fantastic and had a pleasant presentation. Salmon sashimi was good, but not great.
My husband and I had a date night here recently and had a lovely time. We ordered some sushi (Alaska roll and tuna roll) for an appetizer which was fantastic. The miso soup that came with our entrees was mediocre and practically tasteless. Both the salmon hibachi and blackened steak were well prepared and delicious entrees. I chose the noodles with my meal which were basically greasy spaghetti. I'd get the rice next time. They have a nice drink selection! Love the decor! Very romantic and classy. The waitstaff was both friendly and attentive. The prices are reasonable. We'll be back.
This was a great place to go before the theater!  I happened on this because of Yelp and the location.  I really liked the food, we had the specials, I would not order those selections again, but I was happy to try them this time.
Very cool place. Great Asian Cuisine. Right down town Schenectady very cool can walk off dinner.
This is a new establishment and we tried it as we were visiting Schenectady for a week and the dining possibilities appeared limited.  Only had the Japanese food, not the Thai.  The sashimi was excellent quality and prepared well although the presentation was sub par.  No shaved ice or sliced radish or citrus.  The specialty rolls were very creative and absolutely delicious.  Strongly recommend the cajun lobster roll and the downtown roll.  Another unique aspect of the restaurant is the Mojito selections.  Coming from Miami, we are very accustomed to good Mojitos!  The creative Mojito choices were quite interesting.  We had the combo with grapefruit juice and vodka and ask for it not too sweet and were very pleased.  At $18 for the pitcher, the price was right as well.  Over all, a very nice dinner  experience eating outside on a Main Street in Schenectady!!
Great new Downtown eatery. Try the lobster tempura rolls. The Thai is so so and needs heat. A welcome improvement for Schenectady which is a food desert.
Love their food!!! Prices are typical for thai food. If you eat in there the waitresses rush you a bit but the food has great flavor
We are on a road trip and stayed overnight in Schenectady. The place looked bland from the outside, but we ended up going there since nothing else was open. And what a pleasant surprise! Atmosphere is great, food is amazing, service is impeccable. We had spicy shrimp appetizer, pad thai and sesame chicken. Everything was so good, that we are going back tonight.
Great addition to the growing Schenectady dining scene! The food, drink and staff were top-notch. We're looking forward to returning soon!
I liked the mojito's and chill ambience.
Absolutely amazing sushi!  Service was good, could be quicker but very professional.  Have eaten at many sushi places in FL and this place serves the best sushi by far.
My first time at Zen the waitress suggested the ribs. They were horrible! Tough, fatty I couldn't eat them and sent them back. I couldn't believe she recommended them. Ended up with a noodle dish that was passable. My husband was determined we give Zen another chance. Our second visit wasn't much better.  My martini was delicious. The salad that came with my meal was comprised mainly of iceberg lettuce. The dressing was ok, nothing special. I had the Thai Coconut Yellow Curry with chicken. The aroma of this dish was very off-putting. I don't know how to describe it but thank god the dish didn't taste like it smelled! My husband had sushi. We both agreed this time that we would not be going back anytime soon.
I've eaten here about 5 times since it has opened.  The first times were awesome....tasty food, good vegetarian selections and interesting appetizers.  The manager even extended happy hour for me on one occasion even though I was a little late. However, last Friday the food was less than stellar and the service was bad.  The salads that were supposed to come with my and my date's entrees didn't arrive, drink refills took forever, and the basil braised tofu was the most bland dish I've had at any Asian restaurant in the area.  However, the cocktails were tasty and the hibachi vegetables are always delicious so I'll be going back.  I recommend any hibachi dish.  The meat will be perfectly cooked and the vegetables are outstanding!
My boyfriend and I go here frequently, we love the food, drinks and atmosphere.  But I have to say, their Halloween bash this past Sat. night was off the hook.  Everyone was in costume and we all collectively had a friggin blast!! 2 thumbs up for setting up a DJ behind the sushi bar and moving tables out of the way to make a dance floor.   It was packed but we got served easily, the bartenders kept it moving, and it was fun fun FUN!!  Zen- please do that every year, and don't shy away from setting up a DJ every Fri or Sat night, we can do this!!  Bring back the dancing to Sch'dy!  We need a place, that has class, to get our dance on!
Was glad to see an asian restaurant open in this location, but was disappointed after eating there.  Vegetarians beware - the tofu is terrible.  Got the basil tofu dinner - - Really nice mix of fresh vegetables but very lacking in flavor, and the tofu was the worst asian tofu I have ever had.  Perhaps other dishes are better, but I will not be returning to find out.
Very nice ambiance and pretty good selection of mojitos and Asian food options on the menu. Waiter was very friendly and attentive. Had the sushi deluxe entree which was delicious, but I felt the slices of sushi and tuna roll were a little skimpy in size. Was not served my soup and salad that the entree was supposed to be served with. To make up for the mistake, the manager offered me a 45 cent discount off of the $18 dish!  When I complained about that - he brought my discount up to $1.80, which I still thought was not much of a recovery from the error, but I accepted it anyway.
