OMG, I went to the Greenmarket on Sunday and just about fainted when I saw the letters "Persian Bite" had appeared on a small storefront across from City Hall.  I recently moved to Schenectady and have studied Farsi since 2011, so I'm especially excited by this addition to the neighborhood.  Of course when I found out they opened today I had to stop by and eat! Since it was opening day, the selection was a bit thin, but they'll have the full menu from now on.  We tried the Mirza ghasemi (eggplant dip), the Must O'Kheyar (yogurt and cucumber dip) and the Salad Shirazi.  Everything was excellent, but my favorite was the eggplant.  Great texture, seasoned well, not too oily and really fresh.  Tons of options for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike and the prices are very reasonable. Wraps are $4.50-$5, sides are $2-$3, kebabs are $9-$17. Can't wait to go back and try everything else.
Great kebobs. Fantastic service.  So glad Schd'y finally has a good Middle Eastern Restaurant--to compliment Tara's.   Koobideh kebob with basmati rice is tasty.  Would have liked some sauce or something to go along, but it was good.
We tried out this place tonight and really enjoyed it.  The menu seems small but really, there's a lot there. The wraps are probably the better value but tonight, we got the plates. We had both the lamb and beef and everything was cooked very well and the people there were super friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, the place is very small. We did eat there with not problem but I could see having to end up taking it to go.
This place is delicious, unique and inexpensive for the quality. The owners are also very friendly. Consistently delicious and carefully made.
So yummy. Amazing flavors and everything was cooked just right. Plus the owner is really friendly!
Best thing to happen to Jay Street in a long time. I showed up with four other people at lunch time and despite some time constraints, and the restaurant being short handed, we all left fat and happy.  The kabobs are brilliant and all five of us enjoyed our orders. They have vegetarian options that I'll have to investigate at some point.  I'm looking forward to eating my way through the rest of the menu!
A nice classy little café with tablecloths, yet still very reasonably priced. Also conveniently located directly across from City Hall. Stopped in for lunch and seems it would be perfectly fine for dinner as well. Had the lamb, bread and yogurt, all of which were very good. The chef was also very personable and talkative and made sure we were enjoying our meal. Definitely worth the stop.
Wow, stumbled upon this place and am so glad!  My family of five had a delicious and filling dinner here for under $50.  Service was friendly and helpful.  We had chicken wraps, the vegetarian eggplant dish, extra rice and bread, spinach and yogurt dip, and Persian tea.  We enjoyed sharing everything.  I can't wait to come back and sample some of the other dishes.  The food was fresh and the space cozy and clean.
