Friendly, attentive staff...and high quality jewelry and repair.
I shopped at this store, and did not purchase anything.  The sales staff kept asking me if I wanted help, and I said I would just like to browse if that was ok.  The salesman sort of trailed me around, which didn't sit well with me.  The pieces were attractive but seemed a little overpriced to me. I don't know anything about the owner or anyone else at the store except that one salesman, but the whole experience has left a bad taste in my mouth. (Note: also I am dismayed by the personal attacks on other Yelpers in the Talk threads by some people claiming to be "customers" of the store and one admitting to be a (former) employee, who come on Yelp and only review that one store, and attack people on the talk threads who apparently had a bad experience at the store, and call them names - This doesn't make me want to frequent a store where those people shop.... if they are really customers and not accounts created for the purpose of boosting the ratings.)
My one experience at Northeastern Fine Jewelry was very brief, so my review is based solely on this visit. I had won a necklace and was stopping in to pick it up. A salesperson, Joseph, was quick to help me, and while I waited for a manager to bring the necklace out, I asked about wedding bands. The salesman took me over to the wedding bands and asked to see my engagement ring. After examining it for a minute, he recommended a few styles which would look best with my ring, and had me try some on. I asked about a particular kind of men's rings and he pointed me in the direction of said rings and also made note of the pros and cons of that particular kind.  I am fairly certain he knew that I would not be purchasing anything that day as I had mentioned that my wedding is a ways away (over a year), but he was 100% helpful and committed to helping me find the perfect band. A manager came out with my necklace, and after a few more minutes of chit cat with Joseph, I left the store with his business card with the intent of going back when it's time to actually purchase our bands. Fast forward a couple of hours. I was at dinner with my family and was showing them my necklace when someone pointed out that the strand between two of the pearls was down to a single strand, ready to break. I planned to call the store the next day, although I was unsure of how / when I would drop it off or retrieve it seeing as how I don't live in or near Schenectady. Someone offered to take it there on my behalf because of her proximity to the store, though I was unsure if NEFJ would be okay with this. I called the next day and spoke to Jamie. She was very helpful and apologetic about the situation - not a big deal and seeing as how it was a free necklace, I wasn't too torn up about it, but I did appreciate her sincerity. And they said it was fine if someone else returns with it. I'm looking forward to not only receiving and wearing my necklace, but purchasing our wedding bands from Northeastern Fine Jewelry.
I had a short and sweet experience. I knew exactly what I wanted, and was quickly given my item and left. I was kind of excited that I got such nice customer service considering I just came from zoom flume and looked pretty trashy to be in a fine jewelry store, but apparently as noted by other comments they REALLY like to help you. Anyway, they were friendly, they weren't overly pushy. I'd definitely go there again for Pandora jewelry they had a great selection with a huge book to look through, I didn't pay attention to much else in the store.
Sales people are very friendly at this store and very helpful.  I have bought many pieces of jewelry from this store. I always stop here first if I am looking for something new.
I have to admit that I was not really impressed by the service of this store either. I'm not sure if the other reviews on here are real or not, but I do agree with Mercedes. Everything was pretty, but ultimately, more than I wanted to spend . I didn't have the experience of being followed, actually, when my husband and I went in, apparently we didn't look important enough to be considered valuable customers, because the salesperson ignored us completely. Not exactly my idea of a great atmosphere.
I wrote my original review 3 months ago based on my experience in store and now have to write again as I hear their advertisement on a daily basis claiming that they provide more than others ... Please take it from someone who went to the store and clearly was offered substantially less than what others offered ... don't waste your time - go elsewhere
