This place is great!  I grew up climbing at G.R.A.B. And A.I.R., as well as some other places only a few times, but this place is nice. It has a clean feel to it, and there's a lot of walls to keep one occupied.  Plus the big rock, definitely recommend.
Id really like to review this place higher, unfortunately I can't.   I think that the setter(s) are trying to hard to be progressive with their gym - sometimes simple is easier.  Example: they refuse to use tape to show routes, instead they use colored holds to show routes (i.e. the purple holds are the "purple" route).  This is great in theory, but there are those of us that have color blindness, it took me nearly a week to figure out why I was not getting the routes and finding myself extremely frustrated (the opposite of why I was going to a gym in the first place).   And besides, holds are generally grouped in terms of their design, this seems like it has a limiting capability for the routes identity (either jugg hauling or crimping - a little diversity is nice). The other downside was that the "kids" seem to have been the ones setting the pace on the routes - Ive never been to a gym where the majority of the routes were "v10" and above, but apparently this one is the diamond in the rough lol.   No Workout equipment, not stretching tools to utilize...all and all I think that the management needs to go and experience some great gyms and come back with some creative outlets for the future.   Last critique, I hate talking to people (its my personality so don't judge) and you have no choice but to talk with the guys at the desk because they have to sign you in - I would have continued my membership (even after all of the other flaws) if I could've just walked in and scanned a card and carried on with my day.   The team members are nice, the energy is high (mostly due to the kids running around like madmen).  I think the gym has potential, I just think that the management needs to take a look at what they are trying to do and realize that they don't need to fix something that is not broken.
This is a great place. The staff are really friendly and helpful, and will get you started even if it's your first time. The prices are great for everything, including rented gear. (Harness, shoes, chalk bag) The climbing, though, is obviously the most important part. The quality of the climbs and the bouldering wall is exceptional. They are both fun and challenging for any skill level. I recommend it to anyone interested in climbing.
Great size for a rock climbing gym had a great time. Rented shoes a harness and a chalk bag for my time there. I would definitely get a membership if I lived closer to the Capitol district. I was impressed by the various hardness levels of the platforms and climbs. Also had a bouldering area and an experienced area I will definitely come back and with plenty of friends! Would be great for a party!
Best gym I've been in for the price. The only complaint I have is the lack of advertising. The sign on route 9 is a little difficult to see but if you're heading south from clifton park it's on your right. The gym is very large. Went there for the first time today and even though there was a birthday party and several other groups of climbers the area was still super open. I didn't have any trouble getting to the wall whenever I wanted. The price is amazing too. Only 10$ for a day pass then equipment rental is a little extra. If you have some extra time and need something to do spend it here!
Best place for rock climbers in the Albany area, easy. The staff who run the place are super chill and incredibly willing to teach newcomers the basics to get them off of the ground and onto the walls.  They are really friendly and try to get to know you as a person and not just as a customer.  Pricing on gear and passes is super reasonable.  Coming from CA (Planet Granite) and the DC area (Earth Treks), I know how expensive day passes can get (upwards of $20 if you're not a student), so I appreciate their accessible prices ($10 student day pass) which make the 25 minute drive from Albany more than worth it. Finding the place can be a little tricky, just look for the blue sign, it's south of Walmart on the 9.  Wind past someone's woodsy house on your right and you'll see a ropes course also on your right and the incognito gym will be on your left.  Parking is simple, a huge lot out front with plenty of spaces. The walls are high and the routes are many.  They even have two auto-belayers set up if you can't find a partner for top-roping.  Lead climbers will enjoy their setup in the rear where they have a bunch of climbs which are definitely challenging and creative.  You can bring your own rope, rent one of theirs, or just borrow one if you're a member. Bouldering is really cool here.  Their structure is top-out style but they also have routes which end prior to the top lip.  They have plenty of different-angled faces that will suit all levels of skill.  They also have a small campus board and wooden hangboard in the back. Their routes change on a regular basis and are generally well-maintained.  Their setters are really strong but they do set stuff for beginners and are quite creative, too.  They even hold bouldering competitions and will keep those up for people to try after the event. Bathrooms are kept clean and have a shower you can use.  I can't speak for the men's side, but the women's side even has lotions and other amenities which are a nice touch.  Gear you bring in is stored in communal cubbies. The Edge doubles as a Christian youth activity center, which, 1) may lead to confusion on your credit card bill since it says something along those lines as the business name and 2) means there are a lot of kids who can be there for group activities.  They try to really emphasize a family-friendly atmosphere, so screamers may have to censor their vocabulary if they can't finish a frustrating route. I've been to AIR in Albany, and I like them for their caving maze, but for me, higher walls are pretty important.  The Edge is much more like the gyms I've been used to in terms of the variety and the route-setting. Lastly, I really like their e-newsletter because they share tips on where to also climb outdoors which is fantastic for newcomers to the area looking for a weekend retreat.  They also have special events which really sound exciting to attend.  This year, they're having a 1,000 foot challenge on New Year's Eve/Day where you get something awesome if you climb that height?  Pretty nifty :)
As a first time climber (second time as of last night), I really like this place.  The first time I visited, they were very good about making sure I knew exactly what I was doing.  Love the monkeys on the ropes to teach you how to belay!  :D  There's a great bouldering area too that I tried out last night.  Prices are reasonable ($20 for a day pass and gear) and there's a good variety of walls to fit different skill levels.
